



Download Request: Select Items: 1-500
Time Of Request: Wednesday, March 08, 2017  14:22:28 EST
Send To:

MEGADEAL, ACADEMIC UNIVERSE
NORTH CAROLINA STATE UNIVERSITY-RALEIGH
LIBRARY
RALEIGH, NC


Terms: (fraud USA)


Source: Company Profiles and Directories;US Law Reviews and Journals,
Combined;Federal & State Court Cases - After 1944, Combined;Newspaper Stories,
Combined Papers
Combined Source: Company Profiles and Directories;US Law Reviews and Journals,
Combined;Federal & State Court Cases - After 1944, Combined;Newspaper Stories,
Combined Papers
Project ID:



                              1 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             National Mortgage News

                                 March 3, 2014

Multi-Unit Property Loans Pose Most Fraud Risk: Interthinx

BYLINE: Evan Nemeroff

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2 Vol. 38 No. 23

LENGTH: 473  words


Mortgages secured by multi-unit properties pose a higher fraud risk than all
other property types, the antifraud technology vendor Interthinx says in its
latest quarterly report.

The mortgage fraud risk index for multi-unit assets is 250 through the fourth
quarter of 2014, which is more than double the figure for single-family
residences, condominiums, or planned unit developments.

Occupancy fraud is the main driver creating possible fraud for multi-unit
properties, said the Agoura Hills, Calif.-based risk mitigation solutions
provider, which recently agreed to sell itself for $155 million to First
American Financial.

Multifamily housing units have an occupancy fraud risk of 484, while the
propensity for occupancy fraud at all other properties is 140. The
employment/income fraud risk for multi-unit properties is also high compared to
all other housing assets, with an index of 228 versus 77.

"These properties are most often used as investment vehicles and have a high
propensity for occupancy and employment/income fraud," says David Kittle, senior
vice president of industry strategy at Interthinx.

"Knowing the market and where the risks lie go a long way in preventing
fraudulent loans from reaching the postfunding stage."

California, Washington, Utah, Louisiana and Florida are the top five states that
pose the greatest probability for fraud at multi-unit properties, Interthinx
says.

Overall fraud risk nationwide in the fourth quarter was up 2% from a year
earlier. However, it was down 7% from the third quarter.

The quarter-over-quarter decline was due to a 19% decrease in identity fraud
risk as well as a 5% drop in occupancy fraud risk.

The employment/income category was the only index to show an increase from the
previous quarter, up 1%.

With eight metropolitan statistical areas on the top ten list for overall fraud
risk, California continues to be the riskiest state for mortgage fraud, followed
by Oklahoma, Washington D.C., Colorado, Massachusetts, Maryland, New Jersey,
Illinois, Florida and Nevada.

Conversely, Nebraska has the least potential for possible mortgage fraud,
Interthinx says. Other notable states that have low fraud risk include North
Dakota, Indiana, West Virginia, Mississippi, Louisiana, Ohio and Wisconsin.

As for metropolitan statistical areas, Tulsa, Okla., ranked as the riskiest for
mortgage fraud in the fourth quarter. Tulsa tops the chart for identity fraud
risk, is No. 2 for occupancy fraud risk, and No. 3 for property valuation fraud
risk.

"It is important for lenders to take the long view when it comes to fraud risk
and not become complacent when it seems as though the risk is declining," said
Jeff Moyer, president of Interthinx, in the report.

"As always, there is a greater risk for fraud in a tightening purchase market,
and all evidence seems to point to this scenario for 2014."

URL: http://www.nationalmortgagenews.com//

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NMN


                        Copyright 2014 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              2 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               MortgageDaily.com

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                              May 5, 2015 Tuesday

Identity Fraud Drives Up Risk of Mortgage Fraud

BYLINE: Mortgage Daily

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 409 words


May 05--A quarter-over-quarter increase in the risk of identity fraud drove a
rise in the risk of overall mortgage fraud.

The fourth-quarter 2014 National Mortgage Fraud Risk Index was 101. That was 3
percent more than as of the third quarter.

Despite the quarter-over-quarter up tick, the risk of mortgage fraud has not
changed from the final quarter of 2013.

The publisher of the index, Interhinx Inc., says the report is based on an
in-depth analysis of mortgage application fraud indicators collected through the
FraudGUARD system.

An index of 100 is calibrated with the first-quarter 2012.

The risk of mortgage fraud was greatest in Florida, where the index was 130.
Florida's property valuation fraud risk was high at a 208 index, while the
Occupancy Fraud Risk Index was 160.

Next was an index of 128 in Michigan, followed by 120 in New Jersey and 115 in
both California and New York.

Iowa was the state with the lowest risk index: 55.

"It is notable that mortgage fraud risk has become more geographically
dispersed," the report stated. "Risk has fallen in the western states of
California, Nevada and Arizona but it is rising again in Michigan and
metropolitan statistical areas surrounding Lake Michigan."

The Property Valuation Fraud Risk Index was 120, slipping 2 percent from the
third quarter but jumping 19 percent from the year-earlier period. The
year-over-year surge was led by the Detroit MSA, which had a 166 percent gain,
and Orlando, where the increase was 160 percent.

Even after rising 15 percent from the previous quarter, the U.S. risk of
identity fraud garnered only a 91 index for the category. A 5 percent increase
was made from a year earlier. Stockton, California, supported this category with
a 76 percent ascension from the third quarter.

The risk of occupancy fraud retreated, with the corresponding index dipping 2
percent from three months earlier to 131. This category was off 6 percent from
the same period in 2013. A 39 percent increase in Fresno, California, and a 26
percent rise in the Miami MSA countered the national trend.

Even at only 61, the Employment/Income Fraud Risk Index was still 3 percent
worse than in the third quarter. But the latest level represented a 21 percent
improvement from the fourth-quarter 2014. In Salinas, California, risk in this
category was up 54 percent from three months earlier.

___ (c)2015 Mortgage Daily Visit Mortgage Daily at www.mortgagedaily.com
Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150505-1MG-Identity-Fraud-Drives-Up-Risk-of-Mortgage-Fraud
-0505-20150505

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1MG


                                 Copyright 2015


                              3 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             National Mortgage News

                                August 13, 2012

Mortgage Fraud Risk Rising In Southeast Region of U.S.

BYLINE: Evan Nemeroff

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2 Vol. 36 No. 45

LENGTH: 483  words


After reaching its lowest mark in almost three years in the first three months
of 2012, Interthinx's national mortgage fraud risk index trended up again in the
second quarter.

Through the second quarter, the fraud risk index is 149-normal is 100. This
figure is a 6.7% quarter-over-quarter increase and is up 4.5% from a year ago.

The Agoura Hills, Calif.-based risk mitigation firm said the second quarter
change was primarily driven because 91 metropolitan statistical areas moved into
the "very high risk" category, compared to only 63 the previous quarter.

With a 30.3% increase in fraud risk from the prior quarter, Chattanooga, Tenn.
became the riskiest metropolitan area for mortgage fraud. Modesto, Calif. is
only one point behind Chattanooga, followed by the Florida markets of Miami-Fort
Lauderdale and Cape Coral-Fort Meyers.

Despite experiencing a small decrease in overall fraud risk over the first
quarter, Nevada and Arizona continue to remain the riskiest states throughout
the country.

These states have been the top two since 1Q 2010.

The third riskiest state for mortgage fraud is Florida. Contributing to the
Sunshine State's ranking is its dominance of the overall and type-specific top
ten lists, where Miami-Fort Lauderdale-Pompano Beach, Cape Coral-Fort Meyers and
Port St. Lucie all are among the top cities nationwide with the potential for
mortgage fraud, property valuation fraud and occupancy fraud. Additionally, four
of the riskiest ZIP codes for mortgage fraud reside in Florida. For the first
time since Interthinx started this report in the second quarter of 2009,
California is not one of the top five riskiest states. Georgia surpassed the
Golden State for the fifth spot due to a 15-point index gain from the first
quarter.

Despite moving to sixth in overall mortgage fraud risk throughout the country,
California cities took nine of the top 10 spots for employment/income fraud risk
and San Jose was the riskiest metro for identity fraud with an index value 20%
higher than its nearest competitor, Charlottesville, Va.

"This report shows that overall fraud risk is rising and is migrating
geographically, as evidenced by Georgia and the rise in risk in the southeastern
United States generally," said Kevin Coop, president of Interthinx.

Furthermore, fraud risk for condominiums differs from that of single-family
homes, Interthinx said in its report. In particular, condos are more at risk for
employment/income, identity and occupancy fraud by 24%, 7% and 3%, respectively,
compared to single-family homes. Meanwhile, the only category for which
condominiums are less likely to experience mortgage fraud is property valuation,
which is 8% lower than SFHs.

Geographically, the difference in fraud risk also varies differently by census
divisions. For example, condos in Missouri, Nebraska, Kansas, Iowa, Minneapolis,
and the Dakotas present the greatest risk than SFHs.

URL: http://www.nationalmortgagenews.com//

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NMN


                        Copyright 2012 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              4 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Mortgage Servicing News

                                   April 2014

Multi-Units Pose Most Fraud Risk

BYLINE: Evan Nemeroff

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 27 Vol. 18 No. 05

LENGTH: 433  words


Mortgages secured by multi-unit properties pose a higher fraud risk than all
other property types, the antifraud technology vendor Interthinx says in its
latest quarterly report.

The mortgage fraud risk index for multi-unit assets is 250 through the fourth
quarter of 2014, which is more than double the figure for single-family
residences, condominiums, or planned unit developments.

Occupancy fraud is the main driver creating possible fraud for multi-unit
properties, said the Agoura Hills, Calif.-based risk mitigation solutions
provider, which recently agreed to sell itself for $155 million to First
American Financial. Multifamily housing units have an occupancy fraud risk of
484, while the propensity for occupancy fraud at all other properties is 140.

The employment/income fraud risk for multi-unit properties is also high compared
to all other housing assets, with an index of 228 versus 77.

"These properties are most often used as investment vehicles and have a high
propensity for occupancy and employment/income fraud," says David Kittle, senior
vice president of industry strategy at Interthinx. "Knowing the market and where
the risks lie go a long way in preventing fraudulent loans from reaching the
postfunding stage."

California, Washington, Utah, Louisiana and Florida are the top five states that
pose the greatest probability for fraud at multi-unit properties, Interthinx
says.

Overall fraud risk nationwide in the fourth quarter was up 2% from a year
earlier. However, it was down 7% from the third quarter.

The quarter-over-quarter decline was due to a 19% decrease in identity fraud
risk as well as a 5% drop in occupancy fraud risk.

The employment/income category was the only index to show an increase from the
previous quarter, up 1%.

With eight metropolitan statistical areas on the top ten list for overall fraud
risk, California continues to be the riskiest state for mortgage fraud, followed
by Oklahoma, Washington, D.C., Colorado, Massachusetts, Maryland, New Jersey,
Illinois, Florida and Nevada.

Conversely, Nebraska has the least potential for possible mortgage fraud,
Interthinx says. Other notable states that have low fraud risk include North
Dakota, Indiana, West Virginia, Mississippi, Louisiana, Ohio and Wisconsin.

"It is important for lenders to take the long view when it comes to fraud risk
and not become complacent when it seems as though the risk is declining," said
Jeff Moyer, president of Interthinx, in the report. "As always, there is a
greater risk for fraud in a tightening purchase market, and all evidence seems
to point to this scenario for 2014."

URL: http://www.mortgageservicingnews.com/

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter

JOURNAL-CODE: MSN


                        Copyright 2014 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              5 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Origination News

                                  August 2009

FBI Says Fraud on the Rise

BYLINE: James Comtois

SECTION: SPECIAL REPORT; Pg. 26 Vol. 18 No. 11

LENGTH: 493  words


WASHINGTON-Mortgage fraud saw a substantial rise in 2008, according to the FBI's
2008 Mortgage Fraud Report. Suspicious Activity Reports referred to law
enforcement for mortgage fraud increased 36% to 63,713 during 2008, compared to
46,717 reports in 2007. While the total dollar loss attributed to mortgage fraud
is unknown, financial institutions reported losses of at least $1.4 billion, an
increase of 83.4% from 2007.

The FBI reported that more than 3.1 million foreclosure filings were reported on
approximately 2.3 million properties nationally during 2008, up 81% from 2007
and 225% from 2006. As of 2008, the Western region of the U.S. had the most
pending FBI mortgage-fraud-related investigations.

In terms of fraud committed per state, the top 10 for 2008 were California,
Illinois, Texas, Georgia, Ohio, Colorado, Maryland, Florida, Missouri and New
York. Rhode Island, Massachusetts, Pennsylvania and the District of Columbia
were newly identified as having significant mortgage fraud problems.

The report also revealed that criminals continued using old schemes, including
property flipping, builder-bailouts, short sales and foreclosure rescues.
Additionally, in response to tighter lending practices, they facilitated new
schemes, such as reverse mortgage fraud, credit enhancements, condo conversion,
loan modifications and pump and pay.

Fraudsters may focus their fraud efforts against new targets that have been
created as the result of actions to combat the mortgage fraud crisis. Those
looking to purchase foreclosed properties may be potential fraud victims.
Fraudsters may find methods to exploit funds earmarked for the mortgage industry
from the various legislative acts aimed at stimulating the economy. As loan
originators and borrowers increase their use of FHA-backed mortgages, fraudsters
are likely to follow this money trail as well.

According to the FBI, the depressed economy in 2008 is expected to persist at
least through the end of 2009, continuing to foster an environment for fraud.
Since many in the industry may feel pressure to match the income they enjoyed
during the real estate boom years, the temptation to commit fraud to achieve
this goal may intensify for these individuals. Also, many troubled homeowners
may be tempted to participate in illicit deals to avoid foreclosure.

To combat this trend of escalating fraud, the FBI created the National Mortgage
Fraud Team in December 2008 to assist field offices in addressing the financial
crisis, from the mortgage fraud problem and loan origination scams to the
secondary markets and securitization. The NMFT provides tools to identify the
most egregious mortgage fraud perpetrators, prioritizes investigative efforts
and provides information to evaluate resource needs.

In addition, the FBI began fostering new and existing liaison partnerships
within the mortgage industry - such as the Mortgage Bankers Association - and
various state and local law enforcement agencies.

URL: http://www.originationnews.com/

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter

JOURNAL-CODE: ON


                        Copyright 2009 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              6 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 31, 2014 Friday

Washington: Mortgage Fraud Up - Where Is It Highest?

LENGTH: 394  words

DATELINE: Washington


American Land Title Association has issued the following news release:

Mortgage fraud is on the rise, increasing 3.2 percent since the same period last
year and amounting to about $19.8 billion in applications that contained
elements of fraud or serious misrepresentations for the year, according to
CoreLogic's latest Mortgage Fraud Report.

Protect Yourself From Fraud

5 Real Estate Scams You Need to Know About

Scamming the Mortgage Scammer

Short Sales Ethics: 6 Temptations to Avoid

Frustrate Fraudsters Fast

In this year's second quarter, about 11,100 mortgage applications contained
elements of fraud, compared with 19,700 applications in the second quarter of
2013 (when the total application volume was substantially higher as well),
according to CoreLogic's analysis.

Other findings from the report:

o Florida saw the highest year-over-year growth in mortgage application fraud
risk, while Arizona saw the largest decline in fraud, CoreLogic reports.

o Jumbo mortgages were found to have the highest fraud risk, followed by
low-down-payment mortgages.

o Maintenance that has been deferred on some properties, along with quick price
appreciation for other properties, has caused big discrepancies in values among
nearby properties, which has led to an increase in opportunities for incorrect
valuation and fraud-for-profit schemes. Such fraud was found most often in
judicial foreclosure states and high vacancy areas.

Among the 25 largest metros, the following cities had the largest year-over-year
growth rate in mortgage fraud:

Miami-Fort Lauderdale-West Palm Beach, Fla.: 113.2%
    Tampa-St. Petersburg-Clearwater, Fla.: 61.2%
    New York-Newark-Jersey City, N.Y.-N.J.-Pa.: 59.3%
    Pittsburgh, Pa.: 52.6%
    Chicago-Naperville-Elgin, Ill.-Ind.-Wis.: 30.6%
    Philadelphia-Camden-Wilmington, Pa.-N.J.-Del.-Md.: 25.4%

On the other hand, of the 25 largest metros, the following cities posted the
largest year-over-year decreases in mortgage fraud:

Phoenix-Mesa-Scottsdale, Ariz.: -31.9%
    Washington-Arlington-Alexandria, D.C.-Va.-Md.-W.Va.: -24.8%
    Denver-Aurora-Lakewood, Colo.: -24.3%
    Minneapolis-St. Paul-Bloomington, Minn.-Wis.: -20.6%
    Atlanta-Sandy Springs-Roswell, Ga.: -19.8%
    St. Louis, Mo.-Ill.: -16.7%


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:    editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              7 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 3, 2017 Friday

Texas: AG Paxton: 39,000 Texans Eligible for Restitution in $5 Million Western
Union Consumer Protection Settlement

LENGTH: 425  words

DATELINE: New York



 Austin: Office of the Attorney General Ken Paxton, The State of Texas has
issued the following news release:



   Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton today announced a $5 million settlement
with Western Union to protect consumers from wire fraud scams. The deal, which
involves 49 states and the District of Columbia, resolves an investigation into
complaints by people who used Western Union's wire transfer service to send
money to third parties who were involved in schemes to defraud them.





 In addition to the settlement with the states, Western Union agreed to pay $586
million to a fund that the U.S. Department of Justice will administer to provide
refunds to wire fraud victims nationwide, including approximately 39,000
consumers in Texas.



 "This settlement serves as a cautionary tale that scam artists are always
looking for new ways to fool people into wiring them money, including schemes
purportedly involving family members, romantic interests, lotteries and
contests," Attorney General Paxton said. "Western Union has agreed to establish
an anti-fraud program, which should help ensure consumers can safely wire funds
and avoid being ripped off by crooks."



 Anti-fraud measures Western Union agreed to in the settlement include:



 Anti-fraud warnings on forms that consumers use to wire money;

 Mandatory and appropriate training and education for Western Union's agents
about fraud-induced wire transfers;

 Heightened anti-fraud procedures when warranted by circumstances such as
increased fraud complaints;

 Due diligence checks on Western Union agents who process money transfers;

 Monitoring of Western Union agent activity related to prevention of fraud
-induced money transfers; and

 Prompt and appropriate disciplinary action against Western Union agents who
fail to follow required protocols concerning anti-fraud measures.



 In addition to Texas, the following participated in the settlement: Alabama,
Alaska, Arizona, Arkansas, Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Florida, Georgia,
Hawaii, Idaho, Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Kansas, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maine,
Maryland, Massachusetts, Michigan, Minnesota, Mississippi, Missouri, Montana,
Nebraska, Nevada, New Hampshire, New Jersey, New Mexico, New York, North
Carolina, North Dakota, Ohio, Oklahoma, Oregon, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island,
South Carolina, South Dakota, Tennessee, Utah, Vermont, Virginia, Washington,
West Virginia, Wisconsin, Wyoming, and the District of Columbia.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              8 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 1, 2017 Wednesday

Texas: AG Paxton: 39,000 Texans Eligible for Restitution in $5 Million Western
Union Consumer Protection Settlement

LENGTH: 425  words

DATELINE: New York



 Austin: Office of the Attorney General Ken Paxton, The State of Texas has
issued the following news release:



   Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton today announced a $5 million settlement
with Western Union to protect consumers from wire fraud scams. The deal, which
involves 49 states and the District of Columbia, resolves an investigation into
complaints by people who used Western Union's wire transfer service to send
money to third parties who were involved in schemes to defraud them.





 In addition to the settlement with the states, Western Union agreed to pay $586
million to a fund that the U.S. Department of Justice will administer to provide
refunds to wire fraud victims nationwide, including approximately 39,000
consumers in Texas.



 "This settlement serves as a cautionary tale that scam artists are always
looking for new ways to fool people into wiring them money, including schemes
purportedly involving family members, romantic interests, lotteries and
contests," Attorney General Paxton said. "Western Union has agreed to establish
an anti-fraud program, which should help ensure consumers can safely wire funds
and avoid being ripped off by crooks."



 Anti-fraud measures Western Union agreed to in the settlement include:



 Anti-fraud warnings on forms that consumers use to wire money;

 Mandatory and appropriate training and education for Western Union's agents
about fraud-induced wire transfers;

 Heightened anti-fraud procedures when warranted by circumstances such as
increased fraud complaints;

 Due diligence checks on Western Union agents who process money transfers;

 Monitoring of Western Union agent activity related to prevention of fraud
-induced money transfers; and

 Prompt and appropriate disciplinary action against Western Union agents who
fail to follow required protocols concerning anti-fraud measures.



 In addition to Texas, the following participated in the settlement: Alabama,
Alaska, Arizona, Arkansas, Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Florida, Georgia,
Hawaii, Idaho, Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Kansas, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maine,
Maryland, Massachusetts, Michigan, Minnesota, Mississippi, Missouri, Montana,
Nebraska, Nevada, New Hampshire, New Jersey, New Mexico, New York, North
Carolina, North Dakota, Ohio, Oklahoma, Oregon, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island,
South Carolina, South Dakota, Tennessee, Utah, Vermont, Virginia, Washington,
West Virginia, Wisconsin, Wyoming, and the District of Columbia.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              9 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                  April 6, 1995, Thursday, THREE STAR Edition

SPORTS SHORTS

BYLINE: Compiled by Ray Jordan Of the Post-Dispatch Staff

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 2D

LENGTH: 961 words

SPORTS SHORTS COLUMN


Ex-Baylor Coach Cleared; 3 Assistants Found Guilty

A federal jury acquitted former Baylor basketball coach Darrel Johnson on
Wednesday, but convicted three of his assistants on various wire fraud and mail
fraud charges in connection with their recruitment of five junior college
players in 1993.

The jury found that although Johnson was responsible for the Bears basketball
program, he was unaware of improper help his assistants gave to enable the
recruits to pass classes they needed to enroll at Baylor University.

Johnson, who was indicted one day after Baylor fired him in November, was
acquitted of all seven counts: four counts of wire fraud, two counts of mail
fraud and one count of conspiracy.

His assistants, however, were found guilty of various charges:

Assistant coach Gary Thomas was convicted of four counts of wire fraud and
acquitted on three counts of wire fraud and one count of mail fraud. Thomas is
now basketball coach at Salina Central High School in Salina, Kan.

Assistant coach Troy Drummond was convicted of three counts of mail fraud and
two counts of wire fraud and acquitted of three counts of wire fraud.

Assistant coach Kevin Gray was convicted of three counts of wire fraud, the only
charges that he faced.

The NCAA has not announced the results of its investigations into the recruiting
violations of which Johnson's staff was accused. BASKETBALL RiverQueens To Face
Minnesota

The St. Louis RiverQueens play host to the Minnesota Stars on Saturday night at
the University of Missouri-St. Louis' Mark Twain Building. Tipoff for the
Women's Professional Basketball Association game is 7 p.m. FOOTBALL Falcons Sign
Metcalf

The Atlanta Falcons signed two-time Pro Bowler Eric Metcalf, a star running back
expected to fill the slot receiver position. The Falcons had swapped first-round
draft picks with the Cleveland Browns to obtain Metcalf. The six-year veteran
has two years left on his contract. Also Wednesday, the Falcons released
defensive tackle Jumpy Geathers.

On Tuesday, the Falcons reached contract agreements with veteran safeties Rich
Miano and Brad Edwards, bolstering their interior secondary and gaining
flexibility for third-down defenses.

- The New York Giants signed linebacker Mike Croel, a free agent from the Denver
Broncos, and released linebacker Carlton Bailey, a free agent who led the team
in tackles two years ago. The Giants also re-signed tight end-blocking back
Aaron Pierce.

While salary figures were not disclosed, sources said that Croel signed a
one-year, $ 850,000 deal. Pierce signed a three-year, $ 3.25 million contract.
In cutting Bailey, the Giants will save $ 857,000 in salary, putting them about
$ 2 million below the National Football League's $ 37.1 million salary cap.

- Former Washington Redskins quarterback Doug Williams rejoined the Scottish
Claymores of the World League of American Football as the offensive coordinator.
Williams was the wide receivers coach for the new franchise, but quit Sunday
because of differences with coach Larry Kuharich. The Claymores fired Kuharich
on Monday because his "coaching philosophy did not mesh with the makeup of the
team." He was replaced by special teams coordinator Jim Criner, who asked
Williams to return.

- The Carolina Panthers said they had signed former New Orleans Saints outside
linebacker Darion Conner, an unrestricted free agent. Conner joined the Saints
last year after four seasons with Atlanta. He had 40 tackles and one
interception with New Orleans. BOWLING Husted Leads U.S. Open

Dave Husted continued his torrid pace, increasing his average to 241 and
widening his lead to 312 pins after three rounds of the $ 250,000 Bowling
Proprietors of America's U.S. Open in Troy, Mich. BOXING Weir Retains Title

Scottish fighter Paul Weir held onto his World Boxing Organization light
flyweight title in his hometown of Irvine, Scotland, with a unanimous decision
over Ric Magramo of the Philippines. It was Weir's fifth world title fight in
only his 10th pro contest. TENNIS Medvedev Advances In Lisbon

Andrei Medvedev survived a grim day for seeded players in the Estoril Open in
Lisbon, Portugal, with a 6-3, 7-6 (7-1) victory over the Czech Republic's Bohdan
Ulihrach in the second round.

Fifth-seeded Alex Corretja joined the ranks of upset Spanish seeds, following
the losses of top-seed Alberto Berasategui and defending champion and
eighth-seeded Carlos Costa.

- Conchita Martinez, coming off a big victory last week, beat Asa Carlsson 6-1,
6-2 in the rain and wind, advancing to the third round of the Bausch & Lomb
Championships in Amelia Island, Fla.

Martinez, the top seed who received a first-round bye, broke her Swedish
opponent five consecutive times and won 10 of the first 11 games.

Shortly after their match, rain halted play and forced a postponement of a
third-round match between No. 2 Gabriela Sabatini and Bettina Fulco-Villella, a
fellow Argentine. Six doubles matches also were postponed until today.
MISCELLANEOUS Women's Hockey Team Advances

Shelley Looney scored five goals and assisted on another as the United States
blanked Japan 14-0 in the second round of the Pacific Women's Hockey
Championship in San Jose, Calif. The United States (2-0-0) faces Canada (2-0-0)
today. Japan will meet China.

- Jack Kelly, president of the Goodwill Games since 1990, has resigned, the
Turner Broadcasting System, Inc., said. Kelly is leaving to open an event
consulting business, Event Partners.

- Ballroom dancing could be on the way to becoming an Olympic sport.   The
executive board of the International Olympic Committee granted provisional
recognition to ballroom dancing and surfing, the first step toward possible
inclusion in the Summer Games.

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 1995

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; Photo - Guilty: Former Baylor assistant basketball coach GARY
THOMAS leads the courthouse in Waco, Texas. He was found guilty of wire fraud
for giving recruits illegal help.

                  Copyright 1995 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              10 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 1, 2014 Saturday

Mortgage Fraud Up - Where Is It Highest?

LENGTH: 365  words


Washington, D.C.: American Land Title Association has issued the following news
release:

Mortgage fraud is on the rise, increasing 3.2 percent since the same period last
year and amounting to about $19.8 billion in applications that contained
elements of fraud or serious misrepresentations for the year, according to
CoreLogic's latest Mortgage Fraud Report.

In this year's second quarter, about 11,100 mortgage applications contained
elements of fraud, compared with 19,700 applications in the second quarter of
2013 (when the total application volume was substantially higher as well),
according to CoreLogic's analysis.

Other findings from the report:

o Florida saw the highest year-over-year growth in mortgage application fraud
risk, while Arizona saw the largest decline in fraud, CoreLogic reports.

o Jumbo mortgages were found to have the highest fraud risk, followed by
low-down-payment mortgages.

o Maintenance that has been deferred on some properties, along with quick price
appreciation for other properties, has caused big discrepancies in values among
nearby properties, which has led to an increase in opportunities for incorrect
valuation and fraud-for-profit schemes. Such fraud was found most often in
judicial foreclosure states and high vacancy areas.

Among the 25 largest metros, the following cities had the largest year-over-year
growth rate in mortgage fraud:

Miami-Fort Lauderdale-West Palm Beach, Fla.: 113.2%
    Tampa-St. Petersburg-Clearwater, Fla.: 61.2%
    New York-Newark-Jersey City, N.Y.-N.J.-Pa.: 59.3%
    Pittsburgh, Pa.: 52.6%
    Chicago-Naperville-Elgin, Ill.-Ind.-Wis.: 30.6%
    Philadelphia-Camden-Wilmington, Pa.-N.J.-Del.-Md.: 25.4%

On the other hand, of the 25 largest metros, the following cities posted the
largest year-over-year decreases in mortgage fraud:

Phoenix-Mesa-Scottsdale, Ariz.: -31.9%
    Washington-Arlington-Alexandria, D.C.-Va.-Md.-W.Va.: -24.8%
    Denver-Aurora-Lakewood, Colo.: -24.3%
    Minneapolis-St. Paul-Bloomington, Minn.-Wis.: -20.6%
    Atlanta-Sandy Springs-Roswell, Ga.: -19.8%
    St. Louis, Mo.-Ill.: -16.7%


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              11 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Orange County Register (California)

                             March 21, 2010 Sunday

Analysis finds mortgage fraud

SECTION: REALESTATE; Pg. F

LENGTH: 225 words



HIGHLIGHT: Report says rate is about 25 percent lower than peak in 2007.


First American CoreLogic analyzed 80 million loans provided through its Mortgage
Fraud Consortium and identified trends. The report will come out at the end of
this month, but in the meantime, the firm has released some key findings:

Nationwide, one in every 200 funded loans is fraudulent, according to Tim Grace,
senior vice president, fraud analytics, at First American CoreLogic.

The fraud rate has been decreasing since 2007 and is now about 25 percent lower
than when it peaked in the third quarter of 2007. Since then, lenders have been
more aggressive in curtailing mortgage fraud. "In 2010, 2011 and 2012 you won't
see nearly the amount of (fraud) reports that you're seeing today," Grace said.

The states where the highest number of fraudulent loans were found: California,
Florida, Georgia, North Carolina and South Carolina.

The highest risk ZIP codes in the U.S. for fraud: Jamaica, N.Y.; Orlando, Fla.;
Miami; Atlanta; and Detroit. These cities have an average fraud rate three to
four times the national level. Orange County ZIPs to come in a future post!

Most home equity fraud has been in the Los Angeles and San Francisco Bay areas.
Multilien fraud was one of the fastest growing schemes.

25 percent of foreclosures show fraud in the initial application.

30 to 70 percent of early payment defaults show fraud in the application.

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: James B. Duncan, left, and Hendrix Moreno Montecastro

DOCUMENT-TYPE:  Story

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 Orange County Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                              12 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Mortgage Servicing News

                                    May 2012

Employment and Income Fraud Risk Higher Again in 2011

BYLINE: Evan Nemeroff

SECTION: MANAGING REO; Pg. 22 Vol. 16 No. 6

LENGTH: 479  words


The risk for mortgage fraud in the areas of employment and income rose last
year, according to Interthinx.

The firm's Mortgage Fraud Risk Report found that incidents of employment and
income fraud increased 14% during 2011. This follows an upward trend seen over
the last two years in which these fraud activities occurred 45% of the time.

Interthinx said more employment and income fraud-when a borrower's income is
misrepresented in order to qualify for a loan-is taking place because of the
decline in home prices being outpaced by the decline in the income of working
households combined with more stringent underwriting and documentation
requirements. In particular, this type of risk is particularly high for investor
loans for high-value properties, the Agoura Hills, Calif.-based firm said.

"Keeping our guard up as risk profiles shift requires our industry to think as
creatively as the criminals," said Kevin Coop, president of Interthinx. "That's
only possible when lenders have access to the best data and analytics
available."

The same six states from 2010 remained the riskiest places for mortgage fraud in
2011, led by Nevada.

Over the last eight years, Nevada has experienced a cycle of fraud leading to an
artificial boom followed by a devastating bust resulting in the largest house
price declines, unemployment rates and foreclosure rates in the nation. High
fraud risk, associated in particular with foreclosure and short sale schemes,
contributed to Nevada retaining its top position for mortgage fraud risk across
the country.

Other top states for the most potential for mortgage fraud were Arizona,
Florida, California, Colorado and Michigan.

Meanwhile, the states having the lowest fraud risk also are similar to the prior
year with Kansas, West Virginia, Maine and South Dakota leading the way.

Additionally, 16 of the 20 riskiest metropolitan statistical areas in 2011 were
repeat markets from 2010. All top 20 of the riskiest MSAs are located in the
four riskiest states: 11 in California, and three each in Nevada, Arizona and
Florida. The California cities of Merced, Stockton and Modesto are the top three
riskiest places for fraud, while the entire Chicago MSA saw a dramatic decrease
in high-risk transactions in 2011.

Five of six New England states experienced large changes in fraud risk between
2010 and 2011. Rhode Island, Massachusetts and New Hampshire are among the
states with the largest decreases in risk, while Vermont and Connecticut have
btoh experienced large increases in fraud risk compared to the prior year.

"This alarming degree of persistence suggests that it is going to be a long road
back for these MSAs and states, particularly since current fraud risk is closely
associated with underwater borrowers and distressed/foreclosed properties and
these MSAs are all experiencing high levels of foreclosure activity," the report
said.

URL: http://www.mortgageservicingnews.com/

LOAD-DATE: May 1, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter

JOURNAL-CODE: MSN


                        Copyright 2012 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              13 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 9, 2014 Wednesday

Washington: Mortgage Fraud Rises in 2013, Continuing Trend

LENGTH: 514  words

DATELINE: Washington


American Land Title Association has issued the following news release:

For the second straight year, Washington, D.C., is the place lenders are most
likely to encounter mortgage fraud, according to the annual Mortgage Fraud Risk
Report released by Interthinx.

Interthinx, a subsidiary of First American Financial Corporation, annually
studies loan applications processed by its FraudGUARD system to determine the
riskiest places in the country for mortgage fraud. What it found from its study
of applications in 2013 was that fraud risk nationally rose by 4 index points to
a total of 104. This continues the rising trend in fraud risk observed over the
past three years as inventories shrink, prices rise, and markets stabilize.

More alarming is that nationally, the risk of occupancy fraud--whereby a
borrower lies that a house will be occupied in order to secure a mortgage--rose
24 percent to an index rating of 135. Greeley, Colorado, was the riskiest for
occupancy fraud risk, with an index of 227. According to Interthinx, this
increase is likely due to a more purchase-driven market and continued investor
interest in acquiring real estate.

The District of Columbia remained atop the list of riskiest states, with a
mortgage fraud risk index of 142. California was a close second on the list with
an index of 141, which is up 12 percent from 2012. Nevada, Illinois, Florida,
Alaska, Hawaii, Colorado, Maryland, and New Jersey rounded out the top 10
riskiest states.

The least risky state in the report is Maine, which has a risk index rating of
55. Mississippi, South Dakota, Nebraska, Wyoming, North Dakota, West Virginia,
Vermont, Iowa, and Kansas were the other nine least risky states.

Perhaps encouraging is Interthinx's finding that the geographic distribution of
fraud risk was less dispersed in 2013 than it was in 2012. Still, California
holds an unusually intense concentration of risks, claiming nine of the top 10
riskiest metropolitan statistical areas, or MSAs; 18 of the 25 riskiest ZIP
codes; five of the 10 riskiest MSAs for identity fraud; seven of the 10 riskiest
MSAs for occupancy fraud; and eight of the 10 riskiest MSAs for income and
employment fraud.

"What this year's report clearly demonstrates is the effect of changing markets
on fraud operations," said Ashley Woodworth, VP of business development and
corporate strategy at Interthinx. "In previous years, when refinances dominated
the market, we saw higher instances of employment and income fraud. Now that the
market has shifted to the purchase arena, we've seen a corresponding increase in
occupancy fraud."

Interthinx president Jeff Moyer said that because underwriters haven't been
exposed to purchase-market fraud schemes in several years, statistical analysis
of fraud trends is all the more timely. "The more statistical information we can
provide regarding where and how mortgage fraud risk manifests," he said, "the
better lenders are able to guard against fraud, which can only help in
furthering the recovery of the mortgage industry."


For further information please visit: http://www.alta.org

LOAD-DATE: April 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              14 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Mortgage Servicing News

                                  October 2011

BYLINE: Evan Nemeroff, Brian Collins , Bonnie Sinnock

SECTION: NEWS BRIEFS; Pg. 30 Vol. 15 No. 10

LENGTH: 1178  words


Mortgage Fraud Down, But Still at Elevated Risk

National mortgage fraud risk is down 2.3% from a year ago and is 1% lower than
the previous quarter, but is still at an elevated risk, Interthinx said in its
latest Mortgage Fraud Risk Report.

According to the Agoura Hills, Calif.-based firm, the changes coincide with
lender reports that borrower quality has greatly improved.

For the fifth consecutive quarter, Nevada and Arizona are the two most risky
states for fraud. California, which contains five of the 10 most risky MSAs, is
now the third highest state for fraud risk after holding the fifth spot last
quarter. Florida and Colorado, which jumped eight spots in the report, round out
the top five states.

The 10 states with the lowest fraud risk include West Virginia, Kansas, Iowa,
Maine, Kentucky, New Mexico, Nebraska, Wyoming, Mississippi and Montana.

The report also found a shift in fraud risk for local ZIP codes. Two ZIP codes
in Chicago had the highest fraud risk for the last four quarters, but as of this
report, the Chicago area does not appear in any of the top 20 fraud
indices-identity, occupancy, property valuation and employment/income-the firm
tracks.

"The recent decrease in mortgage fraud risk in the Chicago ZIP codes was as
dramatic as it was sudden as the city has been drawing attention for a year,"
said Kevin Coop, president of Interthinx. "It suggests that when the industry
has actionable intelligence and increases its scrutiny of an area, word gets out
and the fraudsters move on."

- Evan Nemeroff

Mortgage Delinquency Rates Rise in July

The national delinquency rate for loans 30 or more days past their payment date
but not in foreclosure is at 8.34% through July 2011.

Lender Processing Services' "first look" mortgage report revealed that this
figure represents a 2.4% month-over-month increase. However, the delinquency
rate over the past year has gone down 10.4%.

There are currently less than 4.4 million properties 30 days delinquent and
nearly 1.9 million homes that are seriously delinquent-homeowners who have not
made payments in 90 days or more.

The Jacksonville, Fla.-based analytic provider's monthly report comes from
approximately 40 million mortgage loans in the firm's database.

While the delinquency rate went up in July throughout the country, foreclosure
presale inventory decreased from the prior month by 0.4%. The overall inventory
rate is now at 4.11%, the report said. Over the past year, the inventory rate
has increased 9.7%.

Similar to the last month, the states that had the most noncurrent loans were
Florida, Mississippi, Nevada, New Jersey and Illinois, while the least
noncurrent loans were found in Montana, Wyoming, Alaska, South Dakota and North
Dakota.

- Evan Nemeroff

Trepp: A Slight Decline For CMBS, Multifamily

The delinquency rate on securitized multifamily mortgages fell 50 basis points
in August, but the loans continue to be the worst performing property type in
the commercial MBS market.

Trepp LLC reported that the percentage of CMBS multifamily loans that are 30
days or more past due fell to 16.44% in August, compared to 16.94% the prior
month. A year ago the multifamily delinquency rate was 14.5%.

The second-worst performing sector is lodging with a 13.8% delinquency rate.

Thanks to a decent performance from retail, office and industrial properties,
the overall CMBS delinquency rate slid to 9.5% in August, down 36 basis points
from July.

"This is the second-largest drop since the beginning of the credit crisis in
2008 and the third time the rate has dropped in the past four months," Trepp
analysts said.

However, the New York provider of CMBS information said commercial mortgage
lenders are "pulling back" and CMBS investors have "turned very bearish." Trepp
cites concerns about European banks and the U.S. economy for the reaction.

- Brian Collins

Mortgage Bankers Unhappy With New FHA Policy

The Mortgage Bankers Association is being inundated by member complaints about
the Federal Housing Administration's policy decision to extend the forbearance
period for unemployed homeowners to 12 months.

Servicers of Ginnie Mae MBS are already required to advance the principal and
interest payments to bond investors during a four-month forbearance period and
pay taxes and homeowner's insurance if necessary.

The new policy, which went into effect Aug. 1, increases that expense by another
eight months.

While the forbearance extension was well intended (designed to keep unemployed
borrowers in their homes) it has become an expensive burden for Ginnie Mae
servicers as well as community banks, credit unions and small mortgage banking
firms, according to MBA senior vice president Stephen O'Connor.

"Many of the small servicers we talked with stated that the cost of the new
forbearance program will force them out of the servicing business," O'Connor
says in a recent letter to Ginnie Mae and FHA officials.

The MBA is urging FHA to cover the cost of the extended forbearance policy.

"We believe that this is a cost that all taxpayers should share," the trade
group writes.

- Brian Collins

Program Could Improve Underwater Loans in MBS

Distinctive features related to principal forgiveness in an unusual modification
program Ocwen recently started could improve efforts made to resolve underwater
loans in securitizations, according to Moody's Investors Service.

Ocwen's program, which also has a novel shared appreciation component, is
unusual in the hierarchy of the modification options in that it offers principal
forgiveness first ahead of interest rate modifications and other adjustments,
said Amita Shrivastava, vice president-senior credit officer at Moody's. Also
among the factors that make the Ocwen program distinctive is the fact that
"there is no limit to the LTV" that it can be applied to, as long as the net
present value calculation shows it is a better alternative than foreclosure if
Ocwen pursues the modification, Gene Berman, assistant vice president-analyst at
Moody's Investors Service, told this publication.

Berman said this is "a little unusual, there is usually a limit in terms of the
principal forgiven" in most modification programs. Twenty-eight percent of the
loans in Ocwen's portfolio have LTVs greater than 135%.

This is the largest concentration of loan-to-value in the portfolio, according
to Moody's.

However, the next largest concentration of LTVs based on loan count (18%) is in
loans with LTVs lower than 85%.

In addition to the NPV test, there are other criteria in determining which loans
Ocwen will apply its unusual modification program to.

"DTI's also a driving factor in determining principal forgiveness" in Ocwen's
program, Shrivastava said in an interview.

While the shared appreciation component is unique in a modification context,
Berman said its immediate benefit would likely be "marginal" given the relative
lack of appreciation generally persisting in the mortgage market.

But there could be a little bit of psychological advantage "in that the borrower
is bringing something else to the table that they don't through other programs."

- Bonnie Sinnock

URL: http://www.mortgageservicingnews.com/

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter

JOURNAL-CODE: MSN


                        Copyright 2011 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              15 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Appeal-Democrat (Marysville, California)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            December 9, 2012 Sunday

Appeal-Democrat, Marysville, Calif., Off Beat column

BYLINE: Harold Kruger, Appeal-Democrat, Marysville, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 448 words


Dec. 09--If you're looking for a good place to commit mortgage fraud,
Yuba-Sutter may be the place for you.

Strange as it may sound, the Yuba City metro area -- Yuba and Sutter counties --
ranked very high on a recent mortgage fraud index.

Interthinx, which apparently keeps track of this stuff, reported that mortgage
fraud is actually down from where it was two years ago.

That's a good thing, of course.

The mortgage fraud index, as the company explained, covers the "overall risk of
mortgage fraud" and four indices:

--Property valuation fraud.

--Identity fraud.

--Occupancy fraud.

--Misrepresentation of employment/ income.

So Interthinx takes all those frauds, puts them in blender and comes up with
this mortgage fraud index. Right now, the national composite index fraud level
is 137. A score of 100 is considered a "nominal level of fraud risk."

According to this index, California and Florida have the most metro areas, 19
and 17, respectively, that are at a high risk level for mortgage fraud.

Other states with multiple high-risk metros are Arizona, Colorado, New Jersey
and Oregon.

The worst of the worst metros are Merced, Stockton, Miami/ Fort Lauderdale and
then ... wait for it ... wait for it ... Yuba City.

The Yuba City index score was 231, about 50 points lower than the fraud capital,
Merced.

The Yuba City metro area received special mention as an area ripe for property
valuation fraud, ranking third.

According to Interthinx, property valuation fraud is "perpetrated by
manipulating property value to create equity which is then extracted from loan
proceeds by various means."

So has this really been going on in Yuba-Sutter? Is there some strange,
nefarious underworld of overvalued properties?

Where are they now?

Time for another update on a former Yuba-Sutter person of note: Charles Maynard,
a Yuba City police captain who departed in 2000 to become police chief in San
Anselmo in Marin County.

The Ross Valley Reporter last week said Maynard is retiring this month.

His claim to fame in San Anselmo? He led the charge to consolidate the San
Anselmo Police Department with the Twin Cities (Corte Madera and Larkspur)
Department.

"It has nothing but positives coming out of the decision," Maynard told the
newspaper. "I think the plan will save those three communities significantly. I
think there will be more opportunities for employees."

San Anselmo's savings is about $900,000 in the first year, the newspaper said.

Maybe he should come to Marysville.

Off Beat is on vacation next Sunday. It will return in two weeks.

___ (c)2012 the Appeal-Democrat (Marysville, Calif.) Visit the Appeal-Democrat
(Marysville, Calif.) at www.appeal-democrat.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20121209-MY-Appeal-Democrat-Marysville-Calif-Off-Beat-column-1209-20121209

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MY


                         Copyright 2012 Appeal-Democrat


                              16 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               MortgageDaily.com

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           February 4, 2015 Wednesday

Ability to Repay Rule Reduces Mortgage Fraud

BYLINE: Mortgage Daily

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 667 words


Feb. 04--Home lenders are facing less risk of mortgage fraud, and one factor
contributing to the improvement is the Ability to Repay Rule.

For the third-quarter 2014, the National Mortgage Fraud Risk Index -- an
indication of current mortgage fraud trends -- was 98.

National fraud risk subsided 2 percent compared to the second quarter. A 9
percent improvement was made versus the third-quarter 2013.

The findings were outlined in The Interthinx 2014 Mortgage Fraud Risk Report for
the third quarter.

Interthinx explained that fraud risk is influenced by home prices, foreclosed
property concentration and market conditions. Among other factors are employment
rates, willingness to collude and regulation.

California had an index of 128 -- higher than any other state. The metropolitan
statistical areas of Fresno, Los Angeles, San Francisco and Silicon Valley were
among the nation's 10-worst MSAs for fraud risk.

No. 2 New Jersey had an index of 120, followed by 166 in Connecticut. Pushing
Connecticut to the top three was the Bridgeport MSA, where risk jumped by half
from the second quarter to land it in the second-highest spot among all MSAs.

The risk of defrauding home lenders was lowest in South Dakota.

The report highlighted improvement in Las Vegas.

"Fraud risk in Las Vegas -- a former perennial in the Mortgage Fraud Risk Index
Top 10 -- has declined substantially as house price increases and investor
acquisition activity have leveled off," the report stated.

Still, the Property Valuation Fraud Risk Index for Las Vegas has worsened by
nearly a third over the past year.

For all of the country, the Property Valuation Fraud Risk Index came in at 122
for the third-quarter 2014.

The risk of valuation fraud fell 5 percent from the prior quarter. This
reflected a decline in the frequency of fraud alerts associated with property
flipping and valuation fraud.

But valuation fraud risk has worsened 20 percent from the same period a year
earlier.

"In the markets where the inventory of distressed sales remains elevated due to
the judicial foreclosure process, there are more foreclosures, short and REO
sales (which are often purchased with cash) and thus, more opportunity for
flipping and the manipulation of values," the report stated.

Seven of the 10-worst MSAs for valuation fraud risk were in Florida, with Fort
Walton Beach in the No. 1 position.

In the Bridgeport-Stamford-Norwalk, Conn., MSA, valuation fraud risk soared 86
percent on a quarter-over-quarter basis and 76 percent on a year-over-year
basis.

The U.S. index for identity fraud risk was 79, down 3 percent from three months
earlier and 26 percent lower than 12 months earlier.

The Fayatteville, Ark., MSA had the highest index in this category: 221. Four
California MSAs were among the 10-worst.

The risk of occupancy fraud, which is most often undertaken by investors who
seek more favorable owner-occupied terms, was up 4 percent from the second
quarter, leaving the index at 133. There has been, however, a 10 percent
improvement from the third-quarter 2013.

The Port St. Lucie, Fla., MSA had the highest index in this category: 242. In
Memphis, Tenn., this index was up 78 percent from the prior period and 94
percent from the year-earlier period.

On a national basis, the Employment/Income Fraud Risk Index was only 59.

That was a 5 percent improvement from the previous quarter and a 22 percent
improvement from the third-quarter 2013.

The lower incidences of employment/income fraud risk are the result of the
Consumer Financial Protection Bureau's Ability to Repay rule, according to
Interthinx.

"Since the rule requires lenders to increase their scrutiny and validation of
borrower income, there is less opportunity for misrepresentation during loan
origination," Interthinx said in the report.

All but just one of the 10-riskiest MSAs for employment/income fraud risk were
in California, with Fresno topping the list.

___ (c)2015 Mortgage Daily Visit Mortgage Daily at www.mortgagedaily.com
Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: February 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150204-1MG-Ability-to-Repay-Rule-Reduces-Mortgage-Fraud-0204-20150204

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1MG


                                 Copyright 2015


                              17 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Origination News

                                   June 2010

Value Fraud Up in 2009

BYLINE: Jennifer Harmon

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 38 Vol. 19 No. 9

LENGTH: 203  words


CHICAGO - Originations rose last year and along with it the industry experienced
an uptick of 11% in appraisal and valuation fraud, according to LexisNexis
Mortgage Asset Research Institute.

The most troubling fraud trends include fake tax returns, and income and
application misrepresentation, the company said in its annual fraud report.

Speaking at the Mortgage Bankers Association's National Fraud Issues Conference
here, LNMARI noted that Florida is leading the nation in suspected fraud
followed by New York and California.

Looking at the national picture, misrepresentation on the loan application is
the most common type of fraud at 59%, and 33% of all reported fraud involves
appraisal misrepresentation, up from 22% in 2008.

Of the three top states in fraud-Florida, New York and California-Florida had
the highest amount of appraisal fraud at 36%. This is up 18% from 2008 loans.

The states with the highest concentration of appraisal fraud are all in the
Midwest-Ohio, Illinois and Michigan. States experiencing noticeable gains in
overall fraud include Arizona, New Jersey and Virginia. New York, with 37%, has
the highest reported tax return and financial statement fraud compared to the
national average of 26%.

URL: http://www.originationnews.com/

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter

JOURNAL-CODE: ON


                        Copyright 2010 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              18 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             National Mortgage News

                                  May 3, 2010

As Volumes Rose, Appraisal Fraud Up

BYLINE: Jennifer Harmon

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3 Vol. 34 No. 31

LENGTH: 205  words


CHICAGO-Residential originations rose last year and along with it the industry
experienced an uptick of 11% in appraisal and valuation fraud, according to
LexisNexis Mortgage Asset Research Institute.

The most troubling fraud trends include fake tax returns, and income and
application misrepresentation, the company said in its annual fraud report.

Speaking at the Mortgage Bankers Association's National Fraud Issues Conference
here, LNMARI noted that Florida is leading the nation in suspected fraud
followed by New York and California.

Looking at the national picture, misrepresentation on the loan application is
the most common type of fraud at 59%, and 33% of all reported fraud involves
appraisal misrepresentation, up from 22% in 2008.

Of the three top states in fraud-Florida, New York and California-Florida had
the highest amount of appraisal fraud at 36%. This is up 18% from 2008 loans.

The states with the highest concentration of appraisal fraud are all in the
Midwest-Ohio, Illinois and Michigan. States experiencing noticeable gains in
overall fraud include Arizona, New Jersey and Virginia. New York, with 37%, has
the highest reported tax return and financial statement fraud compared to the
national average of 26%.

URL: http://www.nationalmortgagenews.com//

LOAD-DATE: May 3, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NMN


                        Copyright 2010 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              19 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 11, 2016 Thursday

New York: A.G. Schneiderman Announces Settlement with MoneyGram Payment Systems
Requiring Tougher Measures To Protect Against Wire Transfer Fraud

LENGTH: 552 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Albany: Office of the New York Attorney General has issued the following news
release:



  Attorney General Eric Schneiderman today announced a settlement with Dallas
based MoneyGram Payment Systems, Inc., resolving a multistate investigation
which focused on complaints of consumers who used MoneyGram's wire transfer
service to send money to third parties involved in schemes to defraud consumers.
In addition to New York, 48 states and the District of Columbia participated in
this settlement.





 "Con artists use a wide variety of schemes that New Yorkers should always be on
the lookout for," Attorney General Schneiderman said. "As fraudsters continue to
innovate and employ increasingly elaborate tactics to scam unsuspecting
consumers, businesses must uphold strong anti-fraud practices to protect against
those looking to make a quick buck."



 MoneyGram has agreed to maintain and continue to improve a comprehensive and
robust anti-fraud program designed to help detect and prevent consumers from
suffering financial losses as a result of fraud induced wire transfers.  The
program must be documented in writing and at a minimum, include the following
elements:



     Mandatory and documented compliance training for agents and guidelines
regarding when an agent's conduct warrants suspension or termination;

     Suspension or termination of agents who fail to take commercially
reasonable steps to reduce fraud induced money transfers;

     A hotline system - telephonic and electronic- where employees and agents
can report noncompliance with anti-fraud measures;

     Sound mechanisms to evaluate actual fraud rates and consumer losses from
fraud induced money transfers in order to utilize that information to improve
compliance; and

     Continued enhancement of technology solutions, including its Anti-Fraud
Alert System (AFAS).



 MoneyGram has also agreed to pay a total of 13 million dollars to the states to
fund a nationwide consumer restitution program and for the states' costs and
fees.  The settlement provides for an independent third party settlement
administrator who will review MoneyGram records and send notices regarding
restitution to all consumers who are eligible to receive restitution under this
settlement.   Generally, consumers who are eligible for restitution previously
filed complaints with MoneyGram between July 1, 2008 and August 31, 2009
regarding fraud induced transfers sent from the U.S. to foreign countries other
than Canada.



 More information about this settlement is available at the Settlement
Administrator's website: www.MoneyGramSettlement.com



 In addition to New York, the following participated in the settlement: Alabama,
Alaska, Arizona, Arkansas, Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Florida, Georgia,
Hawaii, Idaho, Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Kansas, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maine,
Maryland, Massachusetts, Michigan, Minnesota, Mississippi, Missouri, Montana,
Nebraska, Nevada, New Hampshire, New Jersey, New Mexico, North Carolina, North
Dakota, Ohio, Oklahoma, Oregon, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, South Carolina,
South Dakota, Tennessee, Texas, Utah, Vermont, Virginia, Washington, West
Virginia, Wisconsin, Wyoming, and the District of Columbia.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              20 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 11, 2016 Thursday

New York: A.G. Schneiderman Announces Settlement with MoneyGram Payment Systems
Requiring Tougher Measures To Protect Against Wire Transfer Fraud

LENGTH: 552 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Albany: Office of the New York Attorney General has issued the following news
release:



  Attorney General Eric Schneiderman today announced a settlement with Dallas
based MoneyGram Payment Systems, Inc., resolving a multistate investigation
which focused on complaints of consumers who used MoneyGram's wire transfer
service to send money to third parties involved in schemes to defraud consumers.
In addition to New York, 48 states and the District of Columbia participated in
this settlement.





 "Con artists use a wide variety of schemes that New Yorkers should always be on
the lookout for," Attorney General Schneiderman said. "As fraudsters continue to
innovate and employ increasingly elaborate tactics to scam unsuspecting
consumers, businesses must uphold strong anti-fraud practices to protect against
those looking to make a quick buck."



 MoneyGram has agreed to maintain and continue to improve a comprehensive and
robust anti-fraud program designed to help detect and prevent consumers from
suffering financial losses as a result of fraud induced wire transfers.  The
program must be documented in writing and at a minimum, include the following
elements:



     Mandatory and documented compliance training for agents and guidelines
regarding when an agent's conduct warrants suspension or termination;

     Suspension or termination of agents who fail to take commercially
reasonable steps to reduce fraud induced money transfers;

     A hotline system - telephonic and electronic- where employees and agents
can report noncompliance with anti-fraud measures;

     Sound mechanisms to evaluate actual fraud rates and consumer losses from
fraud induced money transfers in order to utilize that information to improve
compliance; and

     Continued enhancement of technology solutions, including its Anti-Fraud
Alert System (AFAS).



 MoneyGram has also agreed to pay a total of 13 million dollars to the states to
fund a nationwide consumer restitution program and for the states' costs and
fees.  The settlement provides for an independent third party settlement
administrator who will review MoneyGram records and send notices regarding
restitution to all consumers who are eligible to receive restitution under this
settlement.   Generally, consumers who are eligible for restitution previously
filed complaints with MoneyGram between July 1, 2008 and August 31, 2009
regarding fraud induced transfers sent from the U.S. to foreign countries other
than Canada.



 More information about this settlement is available at the Settlement
Administrator's website: www.MoneyGramSettlement.com



 In addition to New York, the following participated in the settlement: Alabama,
Alaska, Arizona, Arkansas, Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Florida, Georgia,
Hawaii, Idaho, Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Kansas, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maine,
Maryland, Massachusetts, Michigan, Minnesota, Mississippi, Missouri, Montana,
Nebraska, Nevada, New Hampshire, New Jersey, New Mexico, North Carolina, North
Dakota, Ohio, Oklahoma, Oregon, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, South Carolina,
South Dakota, Tennessee, Texas, Utah, Vermont, Virginia, Washington, West
Virginia, Wisconsin, Wyoming, and the District of Columbia.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              21 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Mortgage Servicing News

                                   July 2009

Certification Key to Anti-Fraud Efforts

BYLINE: Amilda Dymi

SECTION: SPECIAL REPORT; Pg. 30 Vol. 13 No. 6

LENGTH: 396  words


Seattle-At least one firm sees specialists in fraud prevention and detection as
an important part of today's efforts to combat mortgage fraud.

Hagens Berman Sobol Shapiro, operating through its offices in Seattle, Chicago,
Boston, Los Angeles, Phoenix, San Francisco and New York since 1993, continues
to develop its litigation practice through experts like Gary Beisheim.

After five years of work and study of fraud litigation, Mr. Beisheim recently
received the Certified Fraud Examiner designation by the Association of
Certified Fraud Examiners, an anti-fraud training and education provider. (He
also holds the Certified Valuation Analysis designation and has been an active
CPA since 1985.)

In addition, to maintain his credentials, he is required to continue to
participate in professional education activity.

HBSS said Mr. Beisheim's certification enables him to help attorneys at the firm
increase efficiency in the examination of data and records for fraudulent
activity, interview fraud suspects, write investigation reports advise clients
and other fraud-related services.

HBSS managing partner Steve Berman stated in a company release that while the
firm recognizes that Mr. Beisheim has already been an instrumental part of HBSS,
"his recent fraud certification allows our team to expand our capabilities. At
HBSS a significant portion of our work involves uncovering fraud and corrupt
practices in large companies and Gary's certification enhances our ability to
investigate and recover on behalf of our clients."

Among others clients include home loan fraud cases filed against Countrywide, KB
Home and Wells Fargo claiming these companies conspired with appraisers to
initiate housing values, driving up home sale prices and pushing homeowners into
dangerous loans, HBSS said. The firm focuses on class-action lawsuits that
represent investors, customers and environment protection initiatives, cases
that according to Mr. Berman, demand expertise and ability to be assisted
successfully when pursuing justice through private litigation. Most recently the
firm has filed several cases related to the Madoff investment scheme that target
several "feeder funds" that pooled clients' money and passed along to Madoff for
investment. HBSS is also involved in several active investigations into Bank of
America and Richmond American Homes and other housing related cases.

URL: http://www.mortgageservicingnews.com/

LOAD-DATE: July 1, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter

JOURNAL-CODE: MSN


                        Copyright 2009 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              22 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               MortgageDaily.com

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             June 25, 2015 Thursday

Risk of Occupancy, Valuation Fraud Still a Problem

BYLINE: Mortgage Daily

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 513 words


June 25--The risk of overall mortgage fraud retreated last year. Still, the risk
of occupancy and valuation fraud remains elevated.

For all of last year, the 2014 Annual Mortgage Fraud Risk Index was 100 -- a
level that represents a nominal level of fraud risk.

The index is calibrated so that 100 represents the pace of occurrences of
fraudulent indicators between 2003 and 2007 -- a period considered to have had
nominal activity -- in states with low levels of foreclosure.

Interthinx Inc. reported the index based on an analysis of loan applications
that were processed last year through its FraudGUARD system.

Fraud risk subsided four percent from full-year 2013.

"This shows a halt in the gradually rising trend in fraud risk observed over the
past four years," the report stated. "We believe this is reflective of less
overall real estate market volatility, stabilization of real estate prices and
inventory across the nation."

Florida had the highest risk index -- 122 -- of any state in 2014, jumping from
No. 5 the previous year. Helping the Sunshine State ascend to infamy was the
Miami metropolitan statistical area, which had an index of  137 -- higher than
any of the other 25-biggest MSAs based on mortgage originations.

California was next with an index of 120. No. 2 MSA Los Angeles' 132 index
helped keep the Golden State in harm's way.

Next was New Jersey, Rhode Island and New Hampshire.

The lowest risk of mortgage fraud was in South Dakota.

Occupancy fraud presented the highest risk for the country, with an index of
132, off 2 percent from 2013.

In both the Los Angeles MSA and the Miami MSA, the index was the highest in the
nation: 189, closely trailed by San Diego's 187.

U.S. lenders' second-biggest threat was with property valuation fraud, which had
a 2014 index of 123, worsening 17 percent from a year earlier.

The Miami MSA was a hotbed for valuation fraud last year with a risk index of
184, though Houston was close behind with a 180 index.

The risk of identity fraud risk was minimal, with that U.S. index at 82 -- an 11
percent improvement over 2013.

In the Los Angeles MSA, the identity fraud risk index was highest at 116. The
The San Jose, California, MSA had a 115 index, and the New York MSA's level was
114.

Employment/income fraud risk was nationally the lowest with an index of just 65.
The latest index for this category was nearly a one-quarter improvement over the
previous year.

The California MSAs of San Francisco, San Jose and San Diego fared worst for
employment and income fraud risk with respective indices of 126, 122 and 121.

"Although the improvement we observed in 2014 was not evenly dispersed across
the United States, there is a general trend toward a new normal ... Fraud for
profit schemes are often conducted by industry insiders so we will need to
remain vigilant in 2015 and beyond as the industry seeks to shore up weaknesses,
limit opportunity, enhance loan performance and ensure data integrity,"
Interthinx said.

___ (c)2015 Mortgage Daily Visit Mortgage Daily at www.mortgagedaily.com
Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: June 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150625-1MG-Risk-of-Occupancy-Valuation-Fraud
-Still-a-Problem-0625-20150625

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1MG


                                 Copyright 2015


                              23 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               MortgageDaily.com

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          November 20, 2013 Wednesday

Mortgage Fraud Risk Rises, Jumbo Riskier

BYLINE: Mortgage Daily

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 415 words


Nov. 20--The risk of mortgage fraud increased during the latest three-month
period -- with identity and occupancy fraud risk seeing the most deterioration.
New data suggests that jumbo mortgages present more risk than non-jumbo loans. A
community that borders Arkansas and Missouri is one of the nation's worst hot
spots.

In the third quarter, the National Mortgage Fraud Risk Index was 108. The index
moved up from the second quarter, when it stood at 104.

Compared to the revised index level for the third quarter of last year, the risk
of mortgage fraud has worsened by 10 percent.

Interthinx, which publishes the index, reported that California ranked as the
riskiest state with a score of 151. The Golden State is home to seven of the
10-worst metropolitan statistical areas.

Behind California was Washington, D.C., where the risk index was 146.

Nos. 3, 4 and 5, respectively, were Delaware, Hawaii and Montana.

The lowest risk of mortgage fraud is in West Virginia, where the index was just
66.

By MSA, Fayetteville-Springdale-Rogers, Ark.-Mo., had the highest risk index:
186.

Interthinx reported the Property Valuation Fraud Risk Index at 102, improving
from 105 in the previous report. However, the risk of valuation fraud his crept
up 2 percent over the past year.

With an index of 182, valuation fraud was most likely in the
Fayetteville-Springdale-Rogers MSA.

The index for identity fraud came in at 107, jumping 18 percent from the prior
quarter and up 10 percent from a year earlier. The
Fayetteville-Springdale-Rogers MSA also dominated this category with a whopping
score of 288.

Occupancy fraud risk was worse, with the index rising to 147 from 126. Risk in
this category has elevated 36 percent over the prior year.

Occupancy fraud was most likely in the San Diego-Carlsbad-San Marcos, Calif.,
MSA, where then index has more than doubled over the past year to 263.

A 17 percent decline from the second quarter left the Employment/Income Fraud
Risk Index at 76. This category has seen a 12 percent decline in risk from the
third-quarter 2012.

The MSA at the highest risk of employment-income fraud was San Luis Obispo-Paso
Robles, Calif., with an index of 152.

The index for just jumbo mortgages was 164 versus just 102 for non-jumbo loans.

The jumbo disparity was greatest with occupancy fraud risk, though the level of
jumbo disparity with employment-income was close behind.

___ (c)2013 Mortgage Daily Visit Mortgage Daily at www.mortgagedaily.com
Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20131120-1MG-Mortgage-Fraud-Risk-Rises-Jumbo-Riskier-1120-20131120

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1MG


                                 Copyright 2013


                              24 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                             August 1, 2010 Sunday

FinCEN Reports Suspicious Activity Related to Mortgage Fraud in 2009

LENGTH: 670  words

DATELINE: Karachi


Karachi, Aug. 01 -- The Financial Crimes Enforcement Network (FinCEN), today
released its 2009 Mortgage Loan Fraud (MLF) study which found the number of
mortgage fraud suspicious activity reports (SARs) filed in 2009 grew 4 percent
compared with the number of mortgage fraud SARs filed in 2008. FinCEN also
reported today that just looking at the fourth quarter of 2009, mortgage fraud
SAR filings increased 6 percent over the same period in 2008.

Consistent with recent years, 9 percent of all SARs filed in 2009 indicated MLF
as an activity characterization. However, looking at just the fourth quarter,
this proportion rose to 11 percent.

In addition to the increase in SAR MLF filings, the analysis shows an increase
in the prevalence of post origination loan reviews by a variety of mortgage
market businesses other than mortgage lenders. Mortgage loan purchasers and
providers of mortgage insurance, certificate insurance, or similar credit
enhancement have taken an increasing role in detecting potential fraud or
misrepresentations.

"FinCEN is an active participant in the fight against mortgage fraud working
closely with local, state and federal law enforcement, assessing potential
vulnerabilities and sharing information that can lead to successful
prosecutions," said FinCEN Director James H. Freis, Jr. "These numbers tell us
that we must remain vigilant and continue taking action to focus resources and
hold accountable perpetrators of mortgage fraud."

The report also lists where MLF SARs are most common by state by county and by
metropolitan area. The following table shows the Metropolitan Statistical Areas
with the most SAR MLF filings and the number of mortgage loan fraud SARs that
were filed in 2009.

Mortgage Loan Fraud SAR Subjects 2009 2009 Q4

Top Metropolitan Statistical Area (MSA) Subjects Subjects

1. Los Angeles-Long Beach-Santa Ana, CA 10,656 3,103

2. Miami-Fort Lauderdale-Pompano Beach, FL 10,089 3,003

3. New York-Northern New Jersey-Long Island, NY-NJ-PA 7,214 2,165

4. Chicago-Naperville-Joliet, IL-IN-WI 5,552 1,591

5. Riverside-San Bernardino-Ontario, CA 3,643 1,024

6. Washington-Arlington-Alexandria, DC-VA-MD-WV 3,538 877

7. Phoenix-Mesa-Scottsdale, AZ 3,500 1,051

8. Atlanta-Sandy Springs-Marietta, GA 3,476 875

9. San Francisco-Oakland-Fremont, CA 3,068 831

10. Detroit-Warren-Livonia, MI 2,712 663

The volume of SAR filings in any given period does not directly correlate to the
number or timing of suspected fraudulent incidents in that period. The numbers
reported show when the suspicious activity was reported even if the activity
occurred prior to 2009. FinCEN's data indicates that almost 75 percent of
mortgage loan fraud SARs report suspicious activity that occurred more than one
year prior to filing the SAR. Foreclosures, repurchases, insurance
investigations, and enforcement actions appear in SAR narratives as contributing
factors to the ultimate discovery and reporting of suspicious activities.

Today's report supports the efforts of the Financial Fraud Enforcement Task
Force (FFETF), established by President Obama in November 2009 to wage an
aggressive, coordinated, and proactive effort to investigate and prosecute
financial crimes. Additionally, FinCEN efforts are being further developed as
part of the FFETF anti-mortgage fraud initiative to provide information sharing
based on SAR data, in particular to target organized criminal activity as well
as to support law enforcement investigations and prosecutions.

The ongoing nature of FinCEN's activities in combating mortgage fraud is in part
reflected in its report Loan Modification and Foreclosure Rescue Scams -
Evolving Trends and Patterns in Bank Secrecy Act Reporting , released in June
and which examines early results from FinCEN's April 2009 advisory to highlight
loan modification/foreclosure rescue scam Published by HT Syndication with
permission from Right Vision News. For any query with respect to this article or
any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 31, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              25 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily the Pak Banker

                             July 31, 2010 Saturday

FinCEN Reports Suspicious Activity Related to Mortgage Fraud in 2009

LENGTH: 670  words

DATELINE: Karachi


Karachi, July 31 -- The Financial Crimes Enforcement Network (FinCEN), today
released its 2009 Mortgage Loan Fraud (MLF) study which found the number of
mortgage fraud suspicious activity reports (SARs) filed in 2009 grew 4 percent
compared with the number of mortgage fraud SARs filed in 2008. FinCEN also
reported today that just looking at the fourth quarter of 2009, mortgage fraud
SAR filings increased 6 percent over the same period in 2008.

Consistent with recent years, 9 percent of all SARs filed in 2009 indicated MLF
as an activity characterization. However, looking at just the fourth quarter,
this proportion rose to 11 percent.

In addition to the increase in SAR MLF filings, the analysis shows an increase
in the prevalence of post origination loan reviews by a variety of mortgage
market businesses other than mortgage lenders. Mortgage loan purchasers and
providers of mortgage insurance, certificate insurance, or similar credit
enhancement have taken an increasing role in detecting potential fraud or
misrepresentations.

'FinCEN is an active participant in the fight against mortgage fraud working
closely with local, state and federal law enforcement, assessing potential
vulnerabilities and sharing information that can lead to successful
prosecutions,' said FinCEN Director James H. Freis, Jr. 'These numbers tell us
that we must remain vigilant and continue taking action to focus resources and
hold accountable perpetrators of mortgage fraud.'

The report also lists where MLF SARs are most common by state by county and by
metropolitan area. The following table shows the Metropolitan Statistical Areas
with the most SAR MLF filings and the number of mortgage loan fraud SARs that
were filed in 2009.

Mortgage Loan Fraud SAR Subjects 2009 2009 Q4

Top Metropolitan Statistical Area (MSA) Subjects Subjects

1. Los Angeles-Long Beach-Santa Ana, CA 10,656 3,103

2. Miami-Fort Lauderdale-Pompano Beach, FL 10,089 3,003

3. New York-Northern New Jersey-Long Island, NY-NJ-PA 7,214 2,165

4. Chicago-Naperville-Joliet, IL-IN-WI 5,552 1,591

5. Riverside-San Bernardino-Ontario, CA 3,643 1,024

6. Washington-Arlington-Alexandria, DC-VA-MD-WV 3,538 877

7. Phoenix-Mesa-Scottsdale, AZ 3,500 1,051

8. Atlanta-Sandy Springs-Marietta, GA 3,476 875

9. San Francisco-Oakland-Fremont, CA 3,068 831

10. Detroit-Warren-Livonia, MI 2,712 663

The volume of SAR filings in any given period does not directly correlate to the
number or timing of suspected fraudulent incidents in that period. The numbers
reported show when the suspicious activity was reported even if the activity
occurred prior to 2009. FinCEN's data indicates that almost 75 percent of
mortgage loan fraud SARs report suspicious activity that occurred more than one
year prior to filing the SAR. Foreclosures, repurchases, insurance
investigations, and enforcement actions appear in SAR narratives as contributing
factors to the ultimate discovery and reporting of suspicious activities.

Today's report supports the efforts of the Financial Fraud Enforcement Task
Force (FFETF), established by President Obama in November 2009 to wage an
aggressive, coordinated, and proactive effort to investigate and prosecute
financial crimes. Additionally, FinCEN efforts are being further developed as
part of the FFETF anti-mortgage fraud initiative to provide information sharing
based on SAR data, in particular to target organized criminal activity as well
as to support law enforcement investigations and prosecutions.

The ongoing nature of FinCEN's activities in combating mortgage fraud is in part
reflected in its report Loan Modification and Foreclosure Rescue Scams '
Evolving Trends and Patterns in Bank Secrecy Act Reporting , released in June
and which examines early results from FinCEN's April 2009 advisory to highlight
loan modification/foreclosure rescue scams Published by HT Syndication with
permission from Daily Pak Banker. For any query with respect to this article or
any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 31, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              26 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                American Banker

                            November 16, 2012 Friday

The 10,000 Identity Fraud Rings in U.S. Defy Stereotypes

BYLINE: Penny Crosman

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY Vol. 177 No. F345

LENGTH: 511  words


Security company ID Analytics has uncovered 10,000 identity fraud rings in the
U.S. Such rings steal people's identity information and use it to obtain
financial services; they also sometimes alter their own identities by, say,
changing one digit in their Social Security number to overcome their own poor
credit histories and obtain credit. The company found the rings after studying
1.7 billion credit card and cell phone account applications and finding similar
names, addresses and email addresses. ID Analytics provides the engine behind
the LifeLock data protection service for consumers and was recently bought by
LifeLock.

Besides the large number of active rings, two surprises came out of this
analysis.

The first was about who is committing the fraud. "In my previous research into
identity fraud, most ID fraudsters have tended to be in urban areas, in high
population density areas," observes Dr. Stephen Coggeshall, CTO of ID Analytics.
"I expected the fraud rings to be there, too, but it turned out to be the
opposite - these groups of people tend to be in rural areas. There's a striking
belt of fraud that cuts across the Southeast, going from Virginia across the
Carolinas, across Georgia and into Alabama. It's the rural parts of those states
where this fraud belt is occurring." States with the highest numbers of fraud
rings include Alabama, the Carolinas, Delaware, Georgia, Mississippi and Texas.
The three-digit ZIP codes with the most fraud rings observed are areas around
Washington DC; Tampa, Fla.; Greenville, Miss.; Macon, Ga.; Detroit; and
Montgomery, Ala.

The second surprise was that where Coggeshall expected the typical ring to be
made up of a handful of unrelated people, many of the members of these fraud
rings had the same last names and were living at the same address. These turned
out to be families with a strange new activity to bond over. Rings made up of
friends were also common.

Asked if the weakened economy and high unemployment rates may be driving people
to such crime, Coggeshall said he thought it probably was.

ID Analytics works with large banks, cell phone companies and retail card
companies to analyze their card and phone contract applicants for signs of fraud
. It gets half of all credit card applications and most cell phone applications,
Coggeshall says. The ID Analytics service compares incoming credit card and
phone applications against a database of similar applications, and pulls any
matches of similar personally identifiable information for further attention. It
provides fraud scores for new customers that's similar to a credit score, that
puts a number on a new customer's likelihood of perpetrating fraud.

Coggeshall makes a strong case for use of services like ID Analytics'. "You
could look for unusual activity that indicates fraud in your own shop, but to
really counteract fraud, you need a broader point of view," Coggeshall asserts.

Experian offers a Precise ID service that looks for signs of application and
authentication fraud. Guardian Analytics analyzes ACH activity for signs for
fraud.

URL: http://www.americanbanker.com

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AMERICANBANKER_AB


                        Copyright 2012 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              27 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             National Mortgage News

                                December 2, 2013

Jumbo Loans Present Higher Fraud Risk

BYLINE: Evan Nemeroff

SECTION: NEWS; NATIONAL MORTGAGE NEWS; Pg. 3 Vol. 38 No. 11

LENGTH: 521  words


The mortgage industry's shift toward a purchase-driven market increases the risk
of fraud, and that was evident in the third quarter, according to Interthinx.

Interthinx's national Mortgage Fraud Risk Index value through the end of the
third quarter is now 108, a 4% rise from the previous quarter and up 10% from a
year ago.

What stands out from the latest report is that jumbo loan index values are much
higher across all the risk types than conventional loans.

Jumbo loan fraud risk nationwide is 164, Interthinx revealed, while non-jumbo
loans have a risk of 102. The biggest difference was seen in the
employment/income fraud risk index, where the value is 146 for jumbo loans
versus a 69 for non-jumbo loans. Occupancy fraud risk for jumbos was also
extremely high-more than 200 compared to 150 for conventional loans.

A mortgage is classified as "jumbo" when the amount of the loan exceeds the
limits set by Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. In most states, the conforming loan
limit is $417,000. But this rises to $625,000 in Hawaii, Alaska and other
markets designated as high-cost.

"With the rise in popularity of jumbo loans, lenders must be aware of both the
credit risk and fraud risk those loans carry," says Ashley Woodworth, vice
president of business development and corporate strategy at Interthinx. "The
risk is out there, and lenders need to be aware."

California claimed the top spot for mortgage fraud risk with a value of 151, a
16% increase from the second quarter, Interthinx revealed. The Golden State
contains seven of the top ten metropolitan statistical areas for overall risk,
six of the top ten MSAs for identity fraud risk, and all of the ten riskiest
MSAs for employment/income fraud risk.

Washington, D.C., with a score of 146, entered the top two for potential fraud
for the first time since the Agoura Hills, Calif.-based company began this
report in early 2009. First-time entrants into the top 10, Delaware and Montana,
were at three and four, respectively. Hawaii rounds out the top five riskiest
states for fraud.

Nevada, ranked 10th in the third quarter, fell from one of the top three spots
for the first time since the inception of this report four years ago.

Conversely, Mississippi and West Virginia tied for the least risky states for
fraud with index values of 66. The other eight states that have the lowest
potential for fraudulent activity are North Dakota, South Dakota, Iowa,
Nebraska, Kentucky, Alabama, Ohio and Kansas.

Of the four type-specific indices Interthinx tracks, there were increases in
identity (up 18%) and occupancy (17%) fraud risk. The jump in occupancy fraud
risk was due to increases for both purchase and refinance transactions, while
there was a decline in the market share of refinances which inherently have less
occupancy fraud risk than purchases.

On a yearly basis, occupancy fraud risk -when investors falsely claim the intent
to live in a purchased property in order to obtain a mortgage with a lower
downpayment and/or lower interest rate-is up 36%.

Meanwhile, property valuation and employment/income both fell from the second
quarter, by 3% and 17%, respectively.

URL: http://www.nationalmortgagenews.com//

LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NMN


                        Copyright 2013 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              28 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               MortgageDaily.com

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             June 11, 2013 Tuesday

Different Drivers for Elevated Mortgage Fraud Risk in CA, FL

BYLINE: MortgageDaily.com

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 515 words


June 11--Potential identity fraud and income fraud have placed California at an
elevated risk of mortgage fraud. In Florida, lenders face more risk of being
deceived about occupancy and home values.

The national risk of mortgage fraud has not changed over the past year, leaving
Interthinx's Mortgage Fraud Risk Index at 100 for the first quarter. A value of
100 represents a nominal level of fraud risk based on originations from 2003
through 2007.

The index, which is now available through an online interactive report, was up 1
percent from the final quarter of last year.

Interthinx derived its findings using "an internal team of fraud experts" to
analyze more than 12 million loan applications accumulated through the
FraudGUARD loan-level fraud detection tool.

With a state mortgage fraud risk index of 125, California was deemed the
riskiest state. Four of the 10 riskiest zip codes were in the Golden State, as
were five of the 10 riskiest metropolitan statistical areas.

No. 2 was Nevada, with an index of 124, followed by Florida, which had an index
of 119.

Four of the worst U.S. zip codes -- including the riskiest zip code of 60640 --
were in the Chicago-Naperville-Joliet MSA.

At 115, the U.S. occupancy fraud index was 2 percent worse than three months
earlier and 15 percent worse than a year earlier.

"Clearly, this report illustrates that loan purpose is a pivotal factor in
occupancy fraud risk," Interthinx President Jeff Moyer said in the report. "The
higher occupancy fraud risk in purchases will become increasingly significant as
the mortgage market changes in the coming months from a refinance-dominated
market to a purchase-dominated market."

The risk of occupancy fraud jumped 144 percent from the fourth quarter in the
Pensacola-Ferry Pass-Brent, Fla., MSA, while it nearly doubled in the Panama
City-Lynn Haven-Panama City Beach, Fla. MSA. Half of the 10-worst occupancy-
fraud MSAs were in the Sunshine State.

The risk of property valuation fraud worsened by 9 percent from the prior
quarter and the same quarter in the prior year. That put the U.S. index at 109.

But in the Detroit and Cleveland MSAs, the risk of valuation fraud has more than
doubled over the past year. Five of the worst MSAs in this category were in
Florida.

"With the continuing trend for mortgage fraud to 'head east,' states like
Illinois and Ohio have shown increases in property valuation fraud risk,"
Interthinx Vice President Ashley Woodworth said in the report.

A 2 percent decline from the fourth quarter left the U.S. Employment/Income
Fraud Risk Index at 90. This index was down 10 percent from a year ago.

Nine of the 10-worst MSA's for employment-income fraud risk were in California.

Identity fraud risk was down 8 percent from the previous period and 15 percent
lower than the same period in 2012. The index, itself, was only 85.

In Chico Calif., the risk of ID fraud more than doubled over the past year. Six
of the worst MSAs in the category were located in California.

___ (c)2013 MortgageDaily.com Visit MortgageDaily.com at www.mortgagedaily.com
Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: June 12, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130611-1MG-Different-Drivers-for-Elevated-Mortgage-Fraud
-Risk-in-CA-FL-0611-20130611

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1MG


                                 Copyright 2013


                              29 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               MortgageDaily.com

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            February 28, 2014 Friday

Risk of Mortgage Fraud Declines

BYLINE: Mortgage Daily

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 634 words


Feb. 28--Lenders faced less risk of mortgage fraud during the final three months
of 2013. But on multi-unit properties, borrowers were over three times more
likely to lie about occupancy than on single-unit transactions.

In the fourth quarter of last year, the National Mortgage Fraud Risk Index was
101. The index declined from 108 in the third quarter.

But the index increased 2 percent from the same three-month period during 2012.,
though the year-earlier figures have been revised.

Interthinx Inc., which originally reported the fourth-quarter 2012 index at 159,
previously told Mortgage Daily that the index was recalibrated in the
first-quarter 2013 with a new base period of the first-quarter 2012, and the
methodology of calculation was adjusted to reflect a reassessment of the
FraudGUARD alerts that were being used to the determine the index

California had the highest state index at 139. But still, the Golden State's
index was down 8 percent from the previous report. Eight of the metropolitan
statistical areas with the highest levels of risk were located in California.

No. 2 Oklahoma jumped from the 13th spot in the last report. Oklahoma's
ascension was driven by Tulsa, which had the highest risk index of any MSA: 175.

Next was Washington, D.C.; then Colorado and Maryland.

The risk of mortgage fraud was lowest in Nebraska, where the index was just 50.

Behind the quarter-over-quarter U.S. decline in the national index was the
Identity Fraud Risk Index, which fell 19 percent to 87. The drop was fueled by
the Fayetteville-Springdale-Rogers, Ark.-Mo., MSA, where the index fell 54
percent Compared to the same three-month period in 2012, the risk of identity
fraud across the country diminished 5 percent.

The Identity Fraud Risk Index in Tulsa was 213, worse than any other MSA, up 59
percent from the prior quarter and 192 percent worse than the fourth-quarter
2012. The index for the Des Moines-West Des Moines, Iowa, MSA soared 319 percent
from a year earlier, while it was up 93 percent in the
Philadelphia-Camden-Wilmington, Pa.-N.J., MSA and 85 percent higher in the
Honolulu MSA.

At 101, the national risk of valuation fraud was little changed from the prior
quarter and prior year. The Minneapolis-St. Paul-Bloomington, Minn.-Wis., MSA
fared worst with an index of 177. The San Jose-Sunnyvale-Santa Clara, Calif.,
MSA had the biggest increase from the third quarter, 41 percent, and from the
fourth-quarter 2012, 95 percent.

The risk of occupancy fraud across the country decreased 5 percent from the
third quarter to 140. The Occupancy Fraud Risk Index, however, rose 24 percent
from the year-earlier period.

The Oxnard-Thousand Oaks-Ventura, Calif., MSA had the highest Occupancy Fraud
Risk Index at 280 -- surging 117 percent from the final quarter of 2012. The
biggest increase from the third quarter was in the Salinas, Calif., MSA at 73
percent.

The U.S. Employment/Income Fraud Risk Index remained low, inching up 1 percent
from the third quarter to 77. Risk in this category was down 16 percent on a
year-over-year basis.

In the San Francisco-Oakland-Fremont, Calif., MSA, the Employment/Income Fraud
Risk Index was 149, higher than any other MSA. The risk of employment fraud
increased 69 percent from the third quarter in the Santa Rosa-Petaluma, Calif.,
MSA, more than any other area. This index was up 37 percent from the
fourth-quarter 2012 in the Bakersfield, Calif., MSA, the biggest increase from
the previous year.

The report indicated that multi-unit properties are at twice as much risk of
mortgage fraud as single-unit properties, with the multi-unit index at 250. The
disparity was far more significant for multi-unit occupancy fraud, with that
index at 484.

___ (c)2014 Mortgage Daily Visit Mortgage Daily at www.mortgagedaily.com
Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140228-1MG-Risk-of-Mortgage-Fraud-Declines-0228-20140228

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1MG


                                 Copyright 2014


                              30 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               MortgageDaily.com

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              July 8, 2014 Tuesday

Property Valuation Fraud Risk Soars

BYLINE: Mortgage Daily

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 459 words


July 08--Although the overall risk of mortgage fraud has changed little, a
troublesome rise has been reported for the risk of valuation fraud.

At 100, the National Mortgage Fraud Risk Index for the first-quarter 2014 was
the same as its first-quarter 2012 calibration level.

The index represents the average risk in four categories: property valuation
fraud, identity fraud, occupancy fraud and employment/income fraud.

The index is published by Interthinx Inc. and based on indicators of fraudulent
activity in mortgage applications processed through Interthinx's FraudGUARD
system.

While the index was down 1 percent from three months earlier, it was no
different than in the first quarter of last year.

By state, California's 146 index was higher than any other state. In addition,
the Golden State was home to eight of the 10 riskiest Metropolitan Statistical
Areas -- including No. 1 Sacramento-Arden-Arcade-Roseville, where the index was
160.

No. 2 among states was Washington, D.C., with a 118 index, followed by Florida's
114, Arizona's 111 and Connecticut's 109.

At just 47, the lowest risk of mortgage fraud was in Mississippi.

The only category to experience quarter-over-quarter deterioration was property
valuation. The U.S. Property Valuation Fraud Risk Index was 128, soaring 27
percent from the fourth quarter of last year and 17 percent worse than the
first-quarter 2013.

"Indicators suggest this increase is driven by persons in certain areas
purchasing and listing multiple properties in the same neighborhood," the report
said. "By controlling those markets, these persons have the ability to
artificially control the price of a property to their advantage. Another
contributing factor observed is the rise of properties being appraised well
above traditional valuation thresholds."

Interthinx President Jeff Moyer called the deterioration in the Property
Valuation Fraud Risk Index "troublesome" since values are critical in lending
decisions.

Four California MSAs, led by San Francisco-Oakland-Fremont, had the highest
indices in the valuation category.

A 15 percent decline from three months earlier was recorded for the U.S.
Identity Fraud Risk Index, which was 74 in the most-recent period. Risk in this
category was down 13 percent from a year earlier.

The risk of occupancy fraud dropped 8 percent from the prior period, leaving the
index at 129 in the first quarter. Still, this category worsened 12 percent on a
year-over-year basis.

At 70, the Employment/Income Fraud Risk Index declined 9 percent on a
quarter-over-quarter basis and improved by 22 percent from the first-quarter
2013.

Interthinx is a Mortgage Daily advertiser.

___ (c)2014 Mortgage Daily Visit Mortgage Daily at www.mortgagedaily.com
Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: July 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140708-1MG-Property-Valuation-Fraud-Risk-Soars-0708-20140708

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1MG


                                 Copyright 2014


                              31 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               MortgageDaily.com

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 24, 2014 Wednesday

Risk of Identity Mortgage Fraud Intensifies

BYLINE: Mortgage Daily

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 523 words


Sept. 24--There was no quarterly change in the risk of mortgage fraud across the
country. But likely instances of perpetrators hiding their identity worsened.

No movement from the first quarter left the National Mortgage Fraud Risk Index
at 100 for the second quarter.

The index has declined, however, compared to the second quarter of last year,
with overall national fraud risk dropping 4 percent on a year-over-year basis.

The index is published by Interthinx, a Mortgage Daily advertiser, based on an
analysis of loan applications processed through the FraudGUARD system.

California had the highest state index: 128. Still, the Golden State improved by
12 percent from the previous quarter.

California's standing was bolstered by the Los Angeles-Long Beach-Santa Ana
Metropolitan Statistical Area, where the index was 149 -- riskier than any other
MSA. Three California MSAs were among the nation's 10-worst.

Florida and New Jersey both had the second-highest overall state index of 122.
Four of the MSA's with the 10-highest indices were located in the Sunshine
State.

After that was 119 in Arkansas and 116 in Delaware.

An overall index of 44 in South Dakota was lower than any other state.

The national Property Valuation Fraud Index was 129 during the most recent
period, 1 percent worse than the first quarter and 23 percent higher than the
second-quarter 2013.

Risk in this category shot up 51 percent in the Pensacola-Ferry Pass-Brent,
Fla., MSA. Compared to the same period in 2013, the Fort Walton
Beach-Crestview-Destin, Fla., MSA was up 91 percent.

A 10 percent deterioration from three months earlier was recorded for the U.S.
Identity Fraud Risk Index, the most deterioration of any category. But risk in
this category was down 11 percent from a year earlier.

Identity fraud risk rose 117 percent from the first quarter in the Charleston Et
Al, S.C., MSA and was 118 percent worse compared to a year earlier in the
Buffalo-Niagara Falls, N.Y., MSA.

The U.S. Occupancy Fraud Risk Index was 128, slipping 1 percent from the
previous period and edging up 2 percent from the year-earlier period.

With a 68 percent increase, the Fort Collins-Loveland, Colo., MSA moved up more
from the first quarter than any other MSA in the occupancy fraud category. A 320
percent year-over-year leap was recorded for the Hartford-West Hartford-East
Hartford, Conn., MSA.

The national risk of employment/income fraud fell 11 percent from the first
quarter, putting that index at just 62. The Employment/Income Fraud Risk Index
was off by a third from the same quarter last year.

Interthinx said that the 10 riskiest counties for employment/income fraud risk
on average have a much higher increase in their House Price Indices over a
one-year period. There was a 43 percent average increase in home prices for the
10 counties over a five year period versus 15 percent for the rest of the
counties.

"These findings suggest that decreases in housing affordability are a
significant factor in employment/income misrepresentation rates," the report
stated.

___ (c)2014 Mortgage Daily Visit Mortgage Daily at www.mortgagedaily.com
Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140924-1MG-Risk-of-Identity-Mortgage-Fraud-Intensifies-20140924

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1MG


                                 Copyright 2014


                              32 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               MortgageDaily.com

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 24, 2014 Wednesday

Risk of Identity Mortgage Fraud Intensifies

BYLINE: Mortgage Daily

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 523 words


Sept. 24--There was no quarterly change in the risk of mortgage fraud across the
country. But likely instances of perpetrators hiding their identity worsened.

No movement from the first quarter left the National Mortgage Fraud Risk Index
at 100 for the second quarter.

The index has declined, however, compared to the second quarter of last year,
with overall national fraud risk dropping 4 percent on a year-over-year basis.

The index is published by Interthinx, a Mortgage Daily advertiser, based on an
analysis of loan applications processed through the FraudGUARD system.

California had the highest state index: 128. Still, the Golden State improved by
12 percent from the previous quarter.

California's standing was bolstered by the Los Angeles-Long Beach-Santa Ana
Metropolitan Statistical Area, where the index was 149 -- riskier than any other
MSA. Three California MSAs were among the nation's 10-worst.

Florida and New Jersey both had the second-highest overall state index of 122.
Four of the MSA's with the 10-highest indices were located in the Sunshine
State.

After that was 119 in Arkansas and 116 in Delaware.

An overall index of 44 in South Dakota was lower than any other state.

The national Property Valuation Fraud Index was 129 during the most recent
period, 1 percent worse than the first quarter and 23 percent higher than the
second-quarter 2013.

Risk in this category shot up 51 percent in the Pensacola-Ferry Pass-Brent,
Fla., MSA. Compared to the same period in 2013, the Fort Walton
Beach-Crestview-Destin, Fla., MSA was up 91 percent.

A 10 percent deterioration from three months earlier was recorded for the U.S.
Identity Fraud Risk Index, the most deterioration of any category. But risk in
this category was down 11 percent from a year earlier.

Identity fraud risk rose 117 percent from the first quarter in the Charleston Et
Al, S.C., MSA and was 118 percent worse compared to a year earlier in the
Buffalo-Niagara Falls, N.Y., MSA.

The U.S. Occupancy Fraud Risk Index was 128, slipping 1 percent from the
previous period and edging up 2 percent from the year-earlier period.

With a 68 percent increase, the Fort Collins-Loveland, Colo., MSA moved up more
from the first quarter than any other MSA in the occupancy fraud category. A 320
percent year-over-year leap was recorded for the Hartford-West Hartford-East
Hartford, Conn., MSA.

The national risk of employment/income fraud fell 11 percent from the first
quarter, putting that index at just 62. The Employment/Income Fraud Risk Index
was off by a third from the same quarter last year.

Interthinx said that the 10 riskiest counties for employment/income fraud risk
on average have a much higher increase in their House Price Indices over a
one-year period. There was a 43 percent average increase in home prices for the
10 counties over a five year period versus 15 percent for the rest of the
counties.

"These findings suggest that decreases in housing affordability are a
significant factor in employment/income misrepresentation rates," the report
stated.

___ (c)2014 Mortgage Daily Visit Mortgage Daily at www.mortgagedaily.com
Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140924-1MG-Risk-of-Identity-Mortgage-Fraud-Intensifies-0924-20140924

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1MG


                                 Copyright 2014


                              33 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                              June 20, 2008 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Mortgage fraud probe snares 406 suspects;
Attorneys, agents, developers, loan brokers, appraisers charged

BYLINE: Kevin Johnson

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 2B

LENGTH: 471 words


WASHINGTON -- More than 400 mortgage fraud suspects allegedly linked to an
estimated $1 billion in losses have been charged since March 1 as part of the
Justice Department's mounting inquiry into the national home loan crisis, top
federal officials said Thursday.

Of the 406 people charged, nearly 300 had been arrested as of Thursday
afternoon. Sixty were arrested Wednesday.

The national sweep, dubbed Operation Malicious Mortgage, targeted a mix of
attorneys, real estate agents, developers, loan brokers and appraisers who
allegedly profited from housing scams scattered throughout the country, Deputy
Attorney General Mark Filip and FBI Director Robert Mueller said.

Mueller said the alleged fraud, including the use of inflated appraisals and
forged documents, represented a "significant threat" to U.S. financial markets.

"Our obligation is to protect the consumer and stabilize the economic markets,"
Mueller said.

The announcement at the Justice Department came as separate charges were
unsealed in New York against two Bear Stearns hedge fund managers accused of
fraud and conspiracy related to their marketing of securities. Their alleged
actions, according to government documents, contributed to the home loan
industry collapse.

"Mortgage fraud and related securities fraud pose a significant threat to our
economy, to the stability of our nation's housing market and to the peace of
mind of millions of American homeowners," Filip said.

Mueller said mortgage fraud complaints lodged by consumers are growing, and the
FBI is in the midst of redeploying agents just to keep pace.

Last month, the FBI reported that mortgage fraud complaints rose 31% to 46,717
in the fiscal year that ended Oct. 31 over the previous fiscal year. So far this
fiscal year, there have been 43,458 such reports.

As new allegations are investigated, Sharon Ormsby, the FBI's financial crimes
unit chief, said an increasing number involve foreclosure rescue scams that
promise to bail out financially strapped homeowners.

Authorities also are tracking developments in 10 states and the District of
Columbia, where they identified mortgage fraud as an "emerging problem": Nevada,
Utah, Arizona, Missouri, Tennessee, Virginia, Indiana, Maryland, New Jersey and
Rhode Island.

Ten other states -- California, Texas, Colorado, Minnesota, Illinois, Michigan,
Ohio, New York, Georgia and Florida -- already had been considered "fraud hot
spots," according to the FBI.

Apart from the individual cases announced Thursday, Mueller said the bureau is
investigating 19 corporations related to their possible role in the lending
crisis. The FBI director declined to identify the companies or the specific
allegations.

"The focus (on mortgage fraud) is very real," Filip said. "It's a very real law
enforcement issue. It's a very real issue for the American people."

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2008 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              34 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                            March 18, 2009 Wednesday

Mortgage fraud falls in Utah

BYLINE: Jasen Lee Deseret News

LENGTH: 391 words


Utah's dubious distinction as one of the top states for mortgage fraud is over,
at least for the time being. The state was not ranked in the top 10 list of
states with the highest mortgage fraud, according to the 11th Annual Mortgage
Asset Research Institute report released this month. The report compiled loan
data from the mortgage industry, including lenders, insurers, and regulatory
agencies from 2007 to 2008. Last spring, Utah was ranked fifth according to the
report.

This year's report ranked Rhode Island first nationally for mortgage fraud
followed by Florida, Illinois, Georgia, Maryland, New York, Michigan,
California, Missouri and Colorado. The information collected in the 11th annual
report comes from about 600 mortgage companies, including small community banks,
mortgage insurers and mortgage finance giants Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac.
Despite Utah's decrease in illegal mortgage activity, the latest report saw a 26
percent national hike in mortgage fraud from 2007 to 2008. "This is welcome news
for all Utah citizens because when we can conduct business without deceptive or
illegal behavior, our whole state benefits," said Gov. Jon M. Huntsman Jr. in a
news release. Mark Steinagel, director of the Utah Division of Real Estate told
the Deseret News that increased enforcement efforts by the Utah Mortgage Fraud
Task Force, made up of state industry regulators, investigators and criminal
prosecutors had a major impact on the state's decreased in fraud. "We passed the
Mortgage Fraud Act last year; that's also helped," he said. As awareness of the
mortgage fraud problem grows, national law-enforcement agencies are stepping up
their efforts to combat it as well. The FBI created a Washington-based national
mortgage fraud team in December and has more than 1,600 open mortgage fraud
investigations, more than double the number of such cases just two years ago.
With so many ongoing cases, FBI investigators are not focusing on individual
borrowers but industry professionals generating fraud schemes that could total
as much as hundreds of millions of dollars. Steinagel said that in 2008 his
agency stripped 104 people of their licenses compared to just 17 in 2007. "While
we are happy that Utah is no longer in the top 10, we will continue to fight
mortgage fraud with a steadfast vision."E-MAIL: jlee@desnews.com

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2009 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                              35 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Monterey County Herald (California)

                            December 2, 2008 Tuesday

Mortgage fraud incidents up 45 percent in 2Q as lenders tighten standards

BYLINE: The Monterey County Herald

SECTION: BREAKING

LENGTH: 399 words


MIAMI (AP)   Reported incidents of mortgage fraud grew by 45 percent in the
second quarter compared to the year-ago period, as borrowers misstated their
financial information to maneuver around tighter lending standards, industry
data released today showed.

Florida properties led the way with about one-fifth of mortgage fraud incidents
reported in the second quarter, the Mortgage Asset Research Institute reported.
California was second, and Illinois third, the data showed.

Mortgage fraud incident reports had increased 42 percent in this year's first
quarter, compared to the first quarter of 2007.

The largest increase in mortgage fraud in the first half of this year involved
borrowers misstating their financial profile, which is not surprising as
borrowers try to get around stricter lending guidelines, the report said.

Some basic examples of fraud included false bank statements made on computers
and pay stubs with white correction liquid on them, said Jennifer Butts, the
institute's director of operations.

The industry has partly been blamed for lax lending standards that helped drive
an overheated housing market. Mortgage fraud has cost lenders about $1 billion
over the past decade, the Mortgage Bankers Association has said.

But it appears that fraud reports are increasing, partly because lenders are
scrutinizing applications and industry professionals more closely to reduce
risk, said Denise James, director of market planning for mortgage services for
LexisNexis, which owns MARI.

Nationally, more than 65 percent of fraud incidents in the first two quarters
were categorized as general application misrepresentation of the buyer's true
name or assets. Among the other more common mortgage fraud cases were
misrepresentation of income, appraisals, employment history, and debt and
assets.

The metro areas of Miami and Tampa were one-two in Florida for mortgage fraud.
In California, Los Angeles and San Francisco led the way. Chicago and Rockford
were tops in Illinois.

The report concluded that lenders need better tools to find inconsistencies in
mortgage applications. Also, the industry needs to share information better and
flag suspicious loans from the beginning of the process, the report said.

The report is based on data submitted by the institute's subscribers, which are
mostly lenders, about loans that were originated in the second quarter and were
deemed fraudulent.

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 The Monterey County Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              36 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald Tribune (Florida)

                           September 26, 2016 Monday

Mortgage-fraud risk falls in area

BYLINE: JOHN HIELSCHER

SECTION: D; FL News; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 582 words


THE MONEY MINDERS

The risk of mortgage fraud is easing in Southwest Florida but remains a problem
for lenders here and nationwide.

In a new report, data analyst CoreLogic says the Sarasota-Manatee region ranked
14th among major U.S. metro areas for indications of fraud among mortgage
applications as of mid-year.

But that was down by 26 percent over last year, the fourth-largest decline among
the 100 metro areas measured.

Florida again ranked as the riskiest state for mortgage application fraud,
CoreLogic said. But the state also posted the largest year-over-year drop with a
19 percent reduction in fraud risk.

Nationwide, an estimated 12,718 mortgage applications - 0.70 percent of all such
applications - contained fraud. That can include anything from potentially false
information on identity, income, occupancy, property information and undisclosed
real estate debt. Income fraud - in which applicants misrepresent how much they
make - showed the largest year-over-year increase, at 12.5 percent.

The risk of mortgage application fraud is nearly 4 percent higher over the year,
due in part to the availability of higher loan-to-value (LTV) loans, which
attract scammers because the potential profit is larger.

"Mortgage application fraud risk will likely rise over the next few years if
current trends of higher LTV purchases and increased credit availability
continue," said Bridget Berg, senior director of fraud solutions strategy at
CoreLogic.

Six Florida metro areas ranked in the top seven nationwide for mortgage fraud
risk. Miami-Fort Lauderdale-West Palm Beach was ranked first, Lakeland-Winter
Haven was second, and Tampa-St. Petersburg-Clearwater was third.

New York-Newark was fourth, followed by Jacksonville, Deltona-Daytona
Beach-Ormond Beach and Orlando-Kissimmee-Sanford.

Floridians' income rises

The real median household income in Florida rose 4.1 percent last year, a new
study from the American Community Survey showed. But Florida workers are still
trailing behind the rest of the country, says senior economist Mark Vitner at
Wells Fargo Securities.

"Even with the gain, real median household income in Florida remains 11.3
percent below the national average," Vitner said in a recent report. "Tampa,
Miami and Orlando have the lowest median incomes among the nation's 25 largest
metropolitan areas.

"Household income has been weighed down by Florida's large tourist sector, which
employs large numbers of part-time and lower-paid workers," he said. The mix of
job growth has been improving in recent years, however, which should boost
income growth going forward."

Florida businesses added 24,500 new jobs to their payrolls in August. That
swelled 2016 gains to 259,800 jobs, a 3.2 percent improvement over the year.

July's figures were revised upward to reflect 36,700 new jobs, making it the
strongest month for hiring in six years.

"Job gains in August were broadly based," Vitner said. "Retail trade added 7,900
jobs, bringing the average gain for the past three months to 5,400 jobs.
Florida's reinvigorated manufacturing sector added 4,800 jobs, contrasting with
the nation, which saw manufacturing employment decline in August.

"Professional and technical services continues to post solid gains, which bodes
well for income as it captures hiring at computer programming, accounting and
consulting firms that tend to provide more stable and higher-paying jobs,"
Vitner said.

- Contact John Hielscher at 361-4875, fax to 361-4880 or email
john.hielscher@heraldtribune.com

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: THE MONEY MINDERS The risk of mortgage fraud is easing in Southwest
Florida but remains a problem for lenders here and nationwide. In a new report,
data analyst CoreLogic says the Sarasota-Manatee region ranked 14th among major
U.S. metro areas for indications of fraud among mortgage applications as of
mid-year.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              37 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                             April 2, 2009 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Report: City's Home Prices Staying Low

BYLINE: SHANNON BEHNKEN, sbehnken@tampatrib.com

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 541 words


And mortgage fraud has reached a crisis stage, attorney general says.

By SHANNON BEHNKEN

sbehnken@tampatrib.com

TAMPA - The city has a 99.7 percent chance of seeing lower home prices through
2010 as more people lose jobs and decide not to buy homes, according to a report
released Wednesday by Walnut Creek, Calif.-based PMI Mortgage Insurance Co.

Meanwhile, unrelated to the report, Florida Attorney General Bill McCollum said
the state's housing crisis is a breeding ground for mortgage fraud. State
agencies, he said, must do a better job working together to investigate and
prosecute fraud.

The PMI report showed that Tampa is among the top 10 cities with the highest
probability of lower prices in 2010. Four other Florida cities - Miami, Fort
Lauderdale, Orlando and Jacksonville - made the list. All 10 cities have a 99
percent chance of falling home sales.

Others cities in the top 10 are Los Angeles, Riverside and Santa Ana in
California; Las Vegas; and Phoenix.

PMI is the second-largest U.S. mortgage insurer and prepares such reports to
gauge its risk of defaults. Borrowers must take out mortgage insurance if they
don't pay at least a 20 percent down payment or have that much in equity.

Ten or 11 of the 50 biggest U.S. metropolitan areas have more than a 75 percent
chance of lower home prices in two years, according to the report. Six others
have more than a 50 percent chance.

Some areas fared much better because values did not rise as high during the
housing boom.

Areas with the least chance of lower prices, according to the report, include
Pittsburgh; Cleveland; Columbus, Ohio; Dallas; Houston; and Memphis, Tenn.

On the mortgage fraud front, Florida's attorney general said the economy and
large-scale housing bust is fueling more mortgage fraud, and state agencies are
overwhelmed.

They also are still investigating incidents that occurred during the housing
boom, McCollum said.

As more homeowners fall into foreclosure, he said, and more companies are
emerging to take advantage of them.

McCollum said mortgage fraud has become a crisis. He held a meeting Wednesday
with representatives from state law enforcement and investigative agencies. They
agreed to meet again in a couple of weeks to step up plans to battle mortgage
fraud.

One of the most prevalent types of complaints is foreclosure rescue fraud. In
these cases, McCollum said, companies charge fees to help homeowners avoid
foreclosure and then do nothing. A new law in 2008 prohibits mortgage rescue
companies from requiring upfront fees and other such business practices. But
though it's illegal, some companies still require upfront fees, McCollum said.

Mortgage fraud topped the list of complaints logged by the attorney general's
office in 2008, he said. The state has pursued civil and criminal action against
dozens of companies and individuals accused of mortgage fraud.

If you think you have been a victim of mortgage fraud, you can report it to the
attorney general's mortgage fraud hot line at 1-866-966-7226.

Information from The Associated Press was used in this report. Reporter Shannon
Behnken can be reached at (813) 259-7804.

Photo: Bill McCollum

Copyright © 2009, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: April 3, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2009 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                              38 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               MortgageDaily.com

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            January 27, 2014 Monday

Potential Mortgage Fraud Increases Again

BYLINE: Mortgage Daily

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 352 words


Jan. 27--The likelihood of mortgage fraud on new residential loan applications
during the latest quarterly period moved higher again.

The potential for mortgage fraud during the third-quarter 2013 on U.S. home
loans was an average of 10 percent higher than in the second quarter.

It was the third quarter in a row that mortgage fraud was more likely than in
the previous period.

The findings were delivered by Kroll Factual Data Inc. and based on loan
applications it received for review between July 1 and Sept. 30.

The mortgage service provider noted that the rise in risk comes as lenders face
complying with stringent new loan quality regulations from the Consumer
Financial Protection Bureau.

"The call for increased vigilance and processes for mitigating this risk is at a
pitch not to be discounted or ignored," Kroll Factual Data President Rod Bazzani
said in the news release. "Implementing the appropriate measures to combat
potential fraud, be it internally or via a third-party, is of critical
importance for lenders."

The National Mortgage Fraud Risk Index previously reported by Interthinx
indicated that fraud risk rose 4 percent between the second and third quarters.
The report from Interthinx -- a Mortgage Daily advertiser -- said that the risk
level was up 10 percent from a year earlier.

Kroll reported that among metropolitan statistical areas with at least a
thousand loan applications per quarter, Huntsville, Ala., had the biggest
increase from the second quarter: 55 percent.

Fort Collins-Loveland, Colo., followed with a 51 percent jump in mortgage fraud
risk.

After that was Manchester, N.H.'s, 41 percent; Santa Fe, N.M.'s., 37 percent and
Boulder-Longmont, Colo.'s, 32 percent.

At the other end of the spectrum was the Phoenix-Mesa, Ariz., MSA, which saw a
30 percent decrease in the risk of mortgage fraud compared to the second
quarter.

In the Interthinx report, the Fayetteville-Springdale-Rogers, Ark.-Mo., MSA had
the worst increase compared to the second quarter: 31 percent.

___ (c)2014 Mortgage Daily Visit Mortgage Daily at www.mortgagedaily.com
Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140127-1MG-Potential-Mortgage-Fraud-Increases-Again-0127-20140127

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1MG


                                 Copyright 2014


                              39 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                            January 29, 2010 Friday
                              Correction Appended
                                 FINAL EDITION

Little progress seen against health insurance fraud

BYLINE: Brad Heath

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 448 words


WASHINGTON -- Two years after the federal government started its latest push to
crack down on Medicare fraud, the number of people charged with ripping off
health care insurers has barely changed, Justice Department records show.

That effort comes at a critical time, because the White House and lawmakers are
hoping to use savings from anti-fraud measures in the government-run health plan
to help pay for health care legislation. Fraud costs Medicare an estimated $60
billion a year, Attorney General Eric Holder said Thursday.

Federal prosecutors charged 803 people with defrauding medical insurers in the
fiscal year that ended in September, Justice Department records show. That's up
about 2% since the government began deploying "strike forces" to target fraud in
2007. Nearly all of the charges involved attempts to cheat Medicare.

"While we can't prosecute our way out of the health care fraud problem, we are
making sure that we're using innovative ideas like the strike force model to
detect and prosecute health care fraud," acting Deputy Assistant Attorney
General Greg Andres said.

The Obama administration gathered experts at a Medicare fraud summit Thursday to
find new ways to stanch the losses. Most anti-fraud measures focus on prevention
and civil tools that can recover improper payments; usually only the most
blatant schemes lead to charges.

Fraud in the health care system is now "totally out of control," said Louis
Saccoccio, head of the National Health Care Anti-Fraud Association. He said the
government has generally done a good job targeting fraud, "but there's a lot out
there, and a lot of these cases are what you'd call the low-hanging fruit."

The latest federal crackdown began in 2007, when the Justice Department set up a
team of investigators and attorneys to fight fraud in Miami. Since then, it has
created similar "strike forces" in six other cities, including three that began
work in December in Baton Rouge, New York City and Tampa. The department was
unable to say how much it had spent on that effort.

When the Miami strike force started, the number of people charged with health
care fraud leaped nearly 35%, to 786, the department's records show. Since then,
however, the number has barely changed, though prosecutors and investigators say
they hope to bring more cases as the new strike forces continue their work.

The strike forces have scored some high-profile successes against schemes that
range from simple to complex. In Detroit, investigators last month charged nine
people in a $13 million Medicare billing scheme. The same day, prosecutors in
Miami announced charges against 15 people in a $41 million scheme involving home
health services.

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: February 1, 2010



CORRECTION: A story Friday on Medicare fraud misstated Attorney General Eric
Holder's estimate of annual losses. Holder said fraud costs $60 billion a year
when counting private health care systems as well as Medicare.

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, B/W, Julie Snider, USA TODAY, Source: U.S. Dept. of Justice
(Line graph)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2010 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              40 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                           February 15, 2007 Thursday
                                CENTRAL EDITION

I.D. theft here below average, study finds

BYLINE: By Jonathan D. Epstein - NEWS BUSINESS REPORTER

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B7

LENGTH: 777 words


You're less likely to have your identity stolen and used to commit fraud in
Buffalo than elsewhere in the country - but watch out if you go to New York
City, according to the latest in a series of recent reports on identity theft.

A new study issued this week by an identity theft prevention firm found that New
York State and New York City have the highest rates of identity fraud among
states and metropolitan areas nationally, while Buffalo's rate is about 15
percent below average.

The report by San Diego-based ID Analytics found New York edged out California
for the top spot among states, primarily because of New York City. It was
followed by Nevada, Arizona, and Illinois for third, fourth and fifth place.
Rounding out the top 10 were Hawaii, Oregon, Michigan, Washington and Texas.

By contrast, the safest places, or states with the lowest fraud rate, were
Wyoming, Vermont, Montana, North Dakota, New Hampshire, Ohio, Maine, Iowa, West
Virginia and South Dakota.

Among cities, New York City beat out Detroit and Los Angeles in the top three.
Little Rock, Ark., came in fourth, followed by Greenville, Miss.

Atlanta, Phoenix, Portland, Ore., and Dallas took the next four spots, with
Springfield, Ill., coming in 10th.

According to the report, Buffalo had a fraud rate of 0.85, versus a baseline
average of 1.00. New York City's rate was 4.0, which means its fraud level is
300 percent above average. Niagara Falls was 0.56, Albany was 0.57, and Syracuse
was 0.63, which means the rates of fraud in those cities are 44 percent, 43
percent and 37 percent below average.

ID Analytics' study was based on reports of actual and attempted frauds
collected from companies in the financial services, telecommunications,
e-commerce, health care, utility, retail and consumer industries. The data is
housed in the firm's ID Network fraud prevention system, which it uses to help
its clients analyze and stop crime.

The firm's study drills down to the five-digit zip code level, allowing it to
pinpoint concentrations of fraud that could indicate organized criminal
activity, officials said.

The firm claims its report is the first such publicly available research of its
kind. Previous reports, including the Federal Trade Commission's annual report,
relied on consumer reports. The FTC has been designated as the central
repository for tracking fraud and identity theft.

Identity theft has become one of the most common crimes in recent years, as
millions of consumers are targeted every year by thieves illegally using their
Social Security numbers and other personal information to obtain credit cards or
other loans, telephone or cell phone service, utility services, or other
purposes.

Thieves even create false drivers' licenses with the information, and have given
victims' names to police when they're pulled over for speeding.

The FTC and other experts estimate that about 10 million Americans fall victim
to identity theft each year, with annual losses to businesses and individuals
totaling about $50 billion. However, only a fraction actually report the crimes,
making it hard to track.

Last week, the FTC reported receiving 674,354 fraud complaints from consumers
last year in its Consumer Sentinel database, which collects information from
more than 115 organizations. That's down slightly from 2005 but slightly higher
than 2004. About 36 percent of the complaints constituted identity theft - the
largest single component. Consumers reported personal losses totaling $1.1
billion, up sharply from the last two years.

New York State had the eighth-highest rate of identity fraud, according to the
FTC, with 16,452 complaints, or 85.2 for every 100,000 people.

However, earlier this month, research firm Javelin Strategy & Research reported
that its own 2007 survey, based on telephone interviews with 5,000 consumers,
found ID theft falling. The firm reported 500,000 fewer victims in 2006 versus
2005, and a 12 percent, or $6.4 billion, drop in fraud amounts.

San Francisco-based Javelin said 3.7 percent of the U.S. population were ID
theft victims last year, down from 4 percent in 2005 and 4.7 percent in 2003.
Total fraud dollars fell to $49.3 billion from $55.7 billion.

The firm attributed the drops to better consumer education and awareness, and
more usage of online banking and similar sites that let consumers regularly
monitor their accounts.

"While identity fraud is still a serious criminal issue in the United States,
Javelin's new study points to significant identity fraud reduction as a direct
result of changes in industry and consumer behavior," Javelin founder and
president James Van Dyke said in a press release.

e-mail: jepstein@buffnews.com

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2007 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              41 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Payments Source

                            November 16, 2012 Friday

The 10,000 Identity Fraud Rings in U.S. Defy Stereotypes

BYLINE: Penny Crosman

SECTION: CCR - TECHNOLOGY Vol. 1 No. 1

LENGTH: 446  words


In an analysis that tallied 10,000 identity fraud rings in the United States, ID
Analytics made a couple of surprising findings - about where the crime is taking
place and who's committing it.

"In my previous research into identity fraud, most ID fraudsters have tended to
be in urban areas, in high-population-density areas," says Dr. Stephen
Coggeshall, ID Analytics' chief technology officer.

"I expected the fraud rings to be there, too, but it turned out to be the
opposite - these groups of people tend to be in rural areas," Coggeshall
continues. "There's a striking belt of fraud that cuts across the Southeast,
going from Virginia across the Carolinas, across Georgia and into Alabama. It's
the rural parts of those states where this fraud belt is occurring."

States with the highest numbers of fraud rings include Alabama, the Carolinas,
Delaware, Georgia, Mississippi and Texas. The three-digit ZIP codes with the
most fraud rings observed are areas around Washington, D.C.; Tampa, Fla.;
Greenville, Miss.; Macon, Ga.; Detroit; and Montgomery, Ala.

Coggeshall expected the typical ring to be made up of a handful of unrelated
people, but many of the rings turned out to be family operations. Rings made up
of friends were also common.

Asked if the weakened economy and high unemployment rates may be driving such
crime, Coggeshall said he thought it probably was.

ID Analytics found the rings after studying 1.7 billion credit card and
cellphone account applications and finding similar names, addresses and email
addresses. The security company provides the engine behind the LifeLock data
protection service for consumers and was recently bought by LifeLock.

ID Analytics works with large banks, cellphone companies and retail card
companies to analyze their card and phone contract applicants for signs of fraud
. It gets half of all credit card applications and most cellphone applications,
Coggeshall says.

The ID Analytics service compares incoming credit card and phone applications
against a database of similar applications, and pulls any matches of similar
personally identifiable information for further attention. It provides fraud
scores for new customers that's similar to a credit score, that puts a number on
a new customer's likelihood of perpetrating fraud.

Coggeshall makes a strong case for use of services like ID Analytics'.

"You could look for unusual activity that indicates fraud in your own shop, but
to really counteract fraud, you need a broader point of view," he says.

Experian offers a Precise ID service that looks for signs of application and
authentication fraud. Guardian Analytics analyzes automated clearing house
activity for signs for fraud.

Â

URL: http://www.paymentssource.com

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: PAYMENTSSOURCE_NEWS


                        Copyright 2012 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              42 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 27, 2014 Friday

Virginia: Operators of Brian Center Health and Rehabilitation Center Indicted

LENGTH: 689  words

DATELINE: Richmond


United States Attorney's Office for the Western District of Virginia has issued
the following press release:

A Federal Grand Jury in the Western District of Virginia in Roanoke has charged
four individuals with a variety of Federal crimes, including racketeering
[RICO], relating to the operation of a Weber City, Va., skilled nursing
facility.

In an indictment returned Tuesday, June 24, 2014, the Grand Jury has charged Avi
Klein, 45, of Miami Beach, Fla., Alicia Dietrich, 52, of Lancaster, Ohio,
Charles R. Menten, 62, of Wilton Manors, Fla., and Vicki Cox, 46, of Kingsport,
Tenn. with various crimes relating to the operation of the nursing facility
formerly known as the Brian Center Health and Rehabilitation Center in Weber
City, Va.

Klein has been charged with one count of racketeering conspiracy, one count of
conspiracy to commit wire, mail and healthcare fraud, ten counts of wire fraud,
one count of healthcare fraud, fifty-five counts of mail fraud, one count of
obstruction of justice and one count of conspiracy to commit money laundering.

Dietrich has been charged with one count of racketeering conspiracy, one count
of conspiracy to commit wire, mail and healthcare fraud, eight counts of wire
fraud, one count of healthcare fraud, fifty-four counts of mail fraud, one count
of obstruction of justice and one count of conspiracy to make false statements.

Menten has been charged with one count of racketeering conspiracy, one count of
conspiracy to commit wire, mail and healthcare fraud, two counts of wire fraud,
fifty-five counts of mail fraud and one count of conspiracy to commit money
laundering.

Cox has been charged with one count of racketeering conspiracy, one count of
conspiracy to commit wire, mail and healthcare fraud, eight counts of wire fraud
, one count of healthcare fraud and one count of conspiracy to make false
statements.

According to the indictment, the defendants, and their associates, operated the
Brian Center, a 90 bed skilled nursing facility in Weber City, Va., to commit a
multi-component fraud scheme that included defrauding Medicare and Virginia
Medicaid by, among things, causing the facility to operate without sufficient
certified nursing assistants and supplies, and in violation of Federal nursing
facility requirements.  The other components of the fraud scheme included
defrauding vendors who supplied goods and services to the facility and
defrauding the facility's employees of money withheld from their paychecks for
benefits that were not provided.

The indictment alleges that the defendants caused residents to live in
unsanitary and unclean conditions, to be without good nutrition and personal and
oral hygiene, including but not limited to a lack of bathing, toileting,
grooming, cleaning, turning, feeding and meaningful restorative services, and to
have neglected and untreated pressure sores.

In convicted the defendants face up to 20 years in federal prison and/or fines
of up to $250,000 for each of the racketeering and fraud counts.  The money
laundering conspiracy charge carries a maximum of 10 years in prison and/or
fines of up to $250,000, and the conspiracy to make false statements charge has
a maximum penalty of 5 years in prison and/or fines of up to $250,000.  Each
defendant also faces significant forfeitures for the racketeering, fraud, and
money laundering charges.

This case is the result of a cooperative investigation by the Department of
Health and Human Services Office of Inspector General, Internal Revenue Service
Criminal Investigation, the Virginia Attorney General's Medicaid Fraud Control
Unit, and the Department of Labor's Employee Benefits Security Administration.
Assistant United States Attorney's Rick Mountcastle and Daniel Bubar and
Virginia Assistant Attorney General and Special Assistant United States Attorney
Eric Atkinson are prosecuting the case for the United States.

A Grand Jury Indictment is only a charge and not evidence of guilt.  These
defendants are entitled to a fair trial with the burden on the government to
prove guilt beyond a reasonable doubt.

For more information please visit: http://www.justice.gov/usao/vaw

LOAD-DATE: June 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              43 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                    October 8, 1997, Wednesday, ALL EDITIONS

Spano agrees to plea

BYLINE: FROM NEWS SERVICES

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 10F

LENGTH: 466 words


John Spano Jr., whose deal to buy the New York Islanders fell apart when he was
unable to meet the payments, pleaded guilty Tuesday to criminal charges related
to his efforts to purchase the NHL team.

Spano was accused of making fraudulent claims to obtain the $ 80 million loan
from Fleet Bank that he used to buy the team in April. Spano also spent $
400,000 of the team's money after fraudulently assuming ownership.

Spano quietly said "yes" when asked by the judge if he were guilty of each of
the charges against him; two counts of wire fraud, one count of mail fraud and
one count of bank fraud.

Spano, 33, could be sentenced from 51 to 63 months in prison. He can also be
fined $ 250,000 for each wire and mail fraud charge. The bank fraud charge
carries a $ 1 million dollar fine.

Tuesday's games

Hurricanes 3, Kings 3 (OT): Gary Roberts scored his first goal since returning
to hockey following a serious neck injury as Carolina tied Los Angeles. It was
the Kings' third tie in four games while the Hurricanes are still winless since
moving in May from Hartford, Conn.

Stars 4, Sabres 2: Dominik Hasek allowed two goals on the first three shots and
was booed by Buffalo fans in pregame ceremonies as visiting Dallas won.

Jere Lehtinen scored two goals, including a penalty shot, to lead Dallas to its
first victory in three games this season. Mike Modano scored 55 seconds into the
game on a breakaway, and he set up Greg Adams' goal less than three minutes
later for the Stars.

Obvious, we're very spoiled here," Sabres coach Lindy Ruff said. "We expect
Dominik to stop all those. In any other city, it's a good goal, but here it's a
bad goal because you have Dominik."

Briefly . . .

Florida Panthers center Rob Neidermayer may be out for a month after suffering a
concussion in the team's season-opener last Wednesday against the Philadelphia
Flyers. . . Jeff Friesen ended his holdout and agreed to contract terms with San
Jose. He will join the team today. Terms of the deal were not released. . . .
Defenseman Alexei Zhitnik, 25, signed a one-year contract with Buffalo for $ 1.5
million, about $ 500,000 less than he was asking. . . . Los Angeles placed
veteran center Ray Ferraro on injured reserve with torn cartilage in his left
knee. He will miss at least a week. . . . Calgary defenseman Todd Simpson will
undergo arthroscopic knee surgery today and could miss from a week to at least a
month. . . . New Jersey Devils left wing Brian Rolston will play in today's home
opener against the Philadelphia Flyers, five days after signing a two-year
contract. . . . Pennsylvania Gov. Tom Ridge will ride the Detroit Red Wings'
Zamboni while wearing a Wings jersey to settle a bet with Michigan Gov. John
Engler made during the Stanley Cup finals.

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1997 The Atlanta Constitution


                              44 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              India Insurance News

                      February 3, 2015 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

Interthinx Q3 2014 Report Shows Higher Levels of Fraud Risk in Markets with High
Foreclosures, Distressed Sales

LENGTH: 823  words


Feb. 3 -- First American Financial Corp issued the following news release:

Interthinx, Inc., a subsidiary of First American Financial Corporation (NYSE:
FAF) and a leading provider of comprehensive risk mitigation solutions for the
financial services industry, has released its quarterly interactive Mortgage
Fraud Risk Report covering data collected in the third quarter of 2014.

Interthinx Fraud Risk indices are influenced by many factors including house
price indices, concentrations of defaulted and foreclosed properties, market
demand and supply, employment rates, collusion by parties to loan transactions,
regulation and changing consumer patterns. In Q3 2014, the top five states for
overall fraud risk have disproportionately higher levels of foreclosures and
distressed sales (short and REO) than markets with lower overall risk levels.
Although they each have a different mix of fraud risk activity, they all have
higher indices for Property Valuation Fraud Risk and Occupancy Fraud Risk than
the national values.

Despite the elevated risk in distressed markets, nationally overall fraud risk
is declining. In the third quarter of 2014, the national Mortgage Fraud Risk
Index value is 98, down two percent from Q2 2014 and down nine percent from Q3
2013.

The national Property Valuation Fraud Risk Index is 122, down five percent from
last quarter and up 20 percent from a year ago. Of note, seven of the top ten
Metropolitan Statistical Areas (MSAs) for Property Valuation Fraud Risk this
quarter are in Florida, including four of the top five spots.  Fort Walton
Beach-Crestview-Destin remains the riskiest MSA for Property Valuation Fraud
Risk this quarter, with an index of 215, although down 11 percent from a year
ago.

Other notable findings in the report include the following:

* Fraud risk in Las Vegas - a former perennial in the Mortgage Fraud Risk Index
Top 10 - has declined substantially as house price increases and investor
acquisition activity have leveled.

* The national Occupancy Risk index is 133, up four percent over last quarter
and down 10 percent from last year. Although occupancy risk is fairly evenly
distributed across the country, Port St. Lucie, Florida moved from number nine
last quarter to become the riskiest MSA for Occupancy Fraud this quarter with an
index of 142, a 34 percent increase from last quarter, and a 62 percent increase
over last year.  Of note, the Memphis MSA, at 198, has the greatest increase
both over last quarter and last year at 78 percent and 94 percent respectively.

* The national Employment/Income Fraud Risk Index is 59, down five percent from
last quarter. Nine of the 10 riskiest MSAs for Employment/Income Fraud Risk are
located in California, five of which return to the top 10 this quarter: San
Jose-Sunnyvale-Santa Clara, San Francisco-Oakland-Fremont, Los Angeles-Long
Beach-Santa Ana, Santa Cruz-Watsonville, and San Diego-Carlsbad-San Marcos. The
riskiest MSA for Employment/Income Fraud Risk is Fresno, California, with an
index of 133. Notably, Boulder, Colorado, at the number two spot, experienced
the greatest percentage growth in employment/income fraud at 81 percent.

* Findings continue to suggest that decreases in housing affordability are a
significant factor in employment/income misrepresentation rates.

"Housing price pressure and home affordability can closely correlate with fraud
risk," said Jeff Moyer, president of Interthinx.  "Analysis of our indices has
shown that higher fraud risk is associated with markets that have lower
affordability metrics. When first time or lower income homebuyers face
challenges during the qualification of credit, it can open the door to potential
risk factors. Conversely, in the most affordable markets -- where median income
exceeds monthly housing expense, deposits are stronger, and consumer debts are
lower, there is less likelihood to misrepresent income and our indices show
comparatively lower fraud risk."

The full report is available at:
(http://www2.interthinx.com/l/17902/2015-01-21/g617h)

The Mortgage Fraud Risk Report is an Interthinx information offering created by
an internal team of fraud experts. This is the twenty-second time Interthinx has
released its quarterly report. The report provides deeper insight into current
fraud trends through the analysis of millions of loan applications amassed from
the industry's use of the Interthinx FraudGUARD loan-level fraud detection tool.

The Fraud Risk indices are influenced by many factors including house price
indices, concentrations of defaulted and foreclosed properties, market demand
and supply, employment rates, collusion by parties to loan transactions,
regulation, and changing consumer patterns. By analyzing the data in the
Mortgage Fraud Risk Report, it is possible to reach conclusions linked to the
overall market experience and gain actionable intelligence to empower risk
mitigation in real time.

Source: First American Financial Corp

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2015 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              45 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Tampa Bay Times

                             July 12, 2012 Thursday
                           4 State / Suncoast Edition

BAY AREA'S FORECLOSURES DOWN IN JUNE

SECTION: LOCAL; HEARD IT HERE; Pg. 4B

LENGTH: 280 words


After two months of increases, foreclosures in Tampa Bay fell in June. Across
the entire bay area, foreclosures dropped by 23 percent, according to a
RealtyTrac report released today. That number is down about 6 percent from the
same time last year. Hernando County saw the largest drop at 47 percent.
Foreclosures dropped in Hillsborough County by 28 percent, in Pasco County by 35
percent and in Pinellas County by 2 percent. Across the state, foreclosures were
down by 16 percent in June. Nationally, foreclosures were down by about 4
percent. Florida had the sixth highest foreclosure rate for the month, behind
California, Arizona, Nevada, Georgia and Illinois.

* * *

Florida still leads in mortgage fraud

A recent improvement in the housing market aside, Florida has easily retained
its title as mortgage fraud capital of the country. Florida has been holding on
to the unwanted crown since 2007, and last year it only strengthened its hold,
according to an annual report from LexisNexis' released Wednesday. The analysis
showed Florida had a mortgage fraud index of 766, which is over seven times the
expected rate of fraud investigations for the state based on the number of new
mortgages. Its fraud index was more than twice as high as No. 2 Nevada and more
than three times higher than No. 3 Arizona. The index represents investigations
into loan fraud and misrepresentations over the past five years. Miami-Fort
Lauderdale ranked third among all major metros, accounting for 7 percent of all
mortgage fraud reports nationwide. Florida came in third for fraud
investigations based solely on mortgages that originated last year, down from
second in 2010 and first in years prior.

LOAD-DATE: July 12, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO - CHRIS ZUPPA - Times GRAPH - Times: Local utilities low on
satisfaction

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2012 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              46 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            March 5, 2008 Wednesday
                                Suburban Edition

NATION IN BRIEF

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A02

LENGTH: 501 words

Not-Guilty Plea In Renzi Fraud Case

 TUCSON -- Rep. Rick Renzi (R-Ariz.) pleaded not guilty Tuesday to all charges
in a federal indictment that accuses him of abusing his office for financial
gain and of raising campaign funds by embezzling insurance premiums collected by
his family's firm.

Renzi was arraigned on charges including wire fraud, insurance fraud, conspiracy
to commit wire fraud, extortion and money laundering. Two co-defendants also
were named in the 35-count indictment.

U.S. Magistrate Judge Bernardo Velasco ordered Renzi released on his promise to
appear. He was fingerprinted and photographed by federal authorities and
released.

"I have a lot of faith in my attorneys," Renzi said outside of court. "I'll be
okay."

Terror Plot Was Real, Witness Says

MIAMI -- The star witness in the retrial of six men accused of plotting to
destroy Chicago's Sears Tower and bomb FBI offices testified that the group was
fully committed to the terrorist attacks and that the FBI did not entrap the
men, as defense attorneys allege.  The witness, paid FBI informant Elie Assad,
posed as an al-Qaeda operative sent in late 2005 and 2006 to help alleged
ringleader Narseal Batiste with the plot. Assad said he had no doubt that
Batiste was serious and rejected defense allegations  that  the FBI orchestrated
the whole thing.

Few Clues in Memphis Slayings

MEMPHIS -- Police said they had no suspects, few clues and no apparent motive
behind the  slaying of six people, including two children. Three children
survived the attack, two in extremely critical condition and the third in
serious condition, police said. Investigators said it was possible the victims
were attacked sometime between Saturday night and 6 p.m. Monday, when a relative
called police.

White Powder at Hotel Is Not Ricin

LAS VEGAS -- A man reported finding an unidentified white powder in a Las Vegas
hotel room, days after officials found the toxin ricin at a Las Vegas motel, but
police soon determined there was no danger. Authorities said a substance found
in a room at the Excalibur hotel-casino is not hazardous, but they did not
disclose what the substance was.

Building Collapse Cuts Train Service

NEW YORK-- A five-story building in Manhattan, apparently vacant, collapsed on
East 124th Street near Park Avenue. The collapse caused Metro-North Railroad to
suspend commuter train service in and out of Grand Central Terminal, a spokesman
said. The railroad travels between New York and its northern suburbs.

Civil Rights Group's Taxes in Order

ATLANTA -- The Southern Christian Leadership Conference has caught up on its
late tax returns and says it plans to file its 2007 taxes on time. Last month,
the civil rights organization co-founded by the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr.
acknowledged that it had not filed a financial report with the Internal Revenue
Service since February 2005, for the tax period ending in June 2004. Nonprofit
groups are required to file such reports annually to account for donations.

-- From News Services

LOAD-DATE: March 5, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; By Ross D. Franklin -- Associated Press; Rep. Rick Renzi
(R-Ariz.), right, is accused of wire fraud, insurance fraud, extortion and money
laundering.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              47 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    March 7, 2001, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

Net fraud flourishes in auctions

BYLINE: Greg Farrell

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 2B

LENGTH: 345 words


Caveat emptor, indeed.

The first detailed study of fraud on the Internet finds that online
auctions are the most likely place for consumers to get ripped
off.

According to the Internet Fraud Complaint Center, 64% of all the
referable complaints lodged by consumers between May 8 and Nov.
8, 2000, involved some form of auction fraud.


The next most frequently cited brand of cybertheft involved non-delivery
of merchandise, which accounted for 22% of actionable complaints.
Credit card fraud accounted for 5% of Internet crime complaints.

The fraud center, a joint venture of the FBI and the federally
supported National White Collar Crime Center, received more than
20,000 fraud-related complaints during the May-November period.
Of that total, it referred 5,273 cases of cyber-fraud to appropriate
law enforcement authorities for further action.

"E-business is no longer just a buzzword. It's here to stay,
and we must find ways to help consumers and businesses have confidence
in the transaction technology they choose," said Texas State
Securities Commissioner Denise Voigt Crawford, who also is on
the board of the National White Collar Crime Center.

"Part of the commitment to our electronic commerce community
rests in law enforcement's ability to respond quickly to crime
problems as they arise."

Other notable findings from the initial study:

* California ranks No. 1 for Internet fraud victims and
perpetrators. Other top states: Florida, Texas, Pennsylvania,
Illinois and New York.

* The average amount lost in frauds reported: $ 255. But
for businesses defrauded, as well as for individuals over 80 years
old (a small percentage of the complaints), the average loss exceeded
$ 600.

* Several business complaints involved losses of $ 100,000
or more, with the largest at $ 366,000.

* On a global basis, the USA generated the most complaints,
94%, and was home to 92% of the perpetrators.

* The average Internet fraud victim: a thirtysomething
man in one of the USA's most-populous states.

LOAD-DATE: March 07, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2001 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              48 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                            April 20, 2011 Wednesday
                           4 State / Suncoast Edition

TAYLOR, BEAN & WHITAKER FOUNDER GUILTY

SECTION: TAMPA BAY; HEARD IT HERE; Pg. 4B

LENGTH: 512 words


Lee Farkas, founder and former chairman of Ocala's Taylor, Bean & Whitaker
Mortgage Corp., was found guilty Tuesday of 14 counts of conspiracy and bank,
wire and securities fraud. Prosecutors said his was one of the largest and
longest-running bank frauds in the country. According to Bloomberg News, a
federal jury in Alexandria, Va., returned the verdict after one day of
deliberation. Farkas, 58, faces a sentence of up to 30 years on the conspiracy
and bank fraud charges, plus 20 years or more on the wire fraud and securities
fraud charges. Prosecutors said Farkas was behind a $3 billion fraud involving
fake mortgage assets that duped some of the country's largest financial
institutions, targeted the federal bank bailout program and contributed to the
failure of Alabama-based Colonial Bank. Farkas used Taylor Bean as his own
"personal piggy-bank," prosecutors said, and stole more than $30 million from
the company he built to buy homes, cars, airplanes, restaurants and other side
businesses.

* * *

St. Petersburg losing 133 jobs

Murphy Cap & Gown Co., which makes gowns for clerics, church groups and
graduates, is closing its St. Petersburg plant, idling 133 workers. According to
a WARN layoff notice filed with the state, the jobs at 4200 31st St. N in St.
Petersburg will be cut between June 17 and July 1. Murphy is owned by
Indianapolis-based Herff Jones, a company best-known for making class rings,
yearbooks and other graduation gear. Earlier this month, Herff Jones sold its
photography business to photography service Lifetouch.

* * *

Capital trickles to Tampa Bay, state

Fourteen private companies in Florida received a total of $114.6 million in
venture capital funding in the first quarter of 2011. That compares to 14
Florida deals funded by only $48.3 million in the same quarter of 2010,
according to the MoneyTree survey from PricewaterhouseCoopers and the National
Venture Capital Association. Four of those 14 Florida firms funded in this
year's first quarter are from the Tampa Bay area and are: health care service
provider Health Integrated Inc., Tampa ($89,000); software maker Motivano Inc.,
Tampa ($850,000); fiber optic telecommunications provider Tower Cloud Inc., St.
Petersburg ($12.5 million); and hardware products wholesaler Vology Data
Systems, Oldsmar ($20 million). Florida venture capital experts say the market
is improving for venture capital but acknowledge the state, for its size,
remains seriously underfunded. By comparison, in the first quarter of 2011, 270
California firms received a total of $3 billion in venture capital, the
MoneyTree survey said.

* * *

CompUSA chief is on the way out

The chief executive of Miami's CompUSA and TigerDirect has been removed from his
post and termination action is begun following an investigation of an anonymous
whistle-blower complaint, the Miami Herald reports. The news of Gilbert
Fiorentino's departure was announced by Systemax, the parent company of both
CompUSA and TigerDirect.Details of the allegations were not released. A call to
Fiorentino's cell phone was not returned.

LOAD-DATE: April 20, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Farkas

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2011 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              49 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              India Insurance News

                       July 3, 2014 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

First American Title Insurance: Interthinx Q1 2014 Report Reveals Property
Valuation Fraud Risk Up Nationwide

LENGTH: 341  words


July 3 -- Interthinx, a subsidiary of First American Financial Corporation
(NYSE: FAF) and a leading provider of comprehensive risk mitigation solutions
for the financial services industry, has released its quarterly interactive
Mortgage Fraud Risk Report covering data collected in the first quarter of 2014.



In the first quarter of 2014, the national Mortgage Fraud Risk Index value is
100, the same value as it was a year ago and down 1 percent from Q4 2013. The
national Property Valuation Fraud Risk Index is 128, up 27 percent from last
quarter and 17 percent from a year ago. Indicators suggest this increase is
driven by persons in certain areas purchasing and listing multiple properties in
the same neighborhood. By controlling those markets, these persons have the
ability to artificially control the price of a property to their advantage.
Another contributing factor observed is the rise of properties being appraised
well above traditional valuation thresholds.

Other notable findings in the report include the following:

California continues to be the riskiest state with a Mortgage Fraud Risk Index
of 146, and it contains eight of the 10 riskiest Metropolitan Statistical Areas,
(MSAs) and eight of the 10 riskiest ZIP codes. California also continues to
dominate the type-specific lists with four of the 10 riskiest MSAs for property
valuation fraud, seven of the 10 riskiest MSAs for identity fraud, six of the 10
riskiest MSAs for occupancy fraud and eight of the 10 riskiest MSAs for
employment/income fraud.

The top 10 riskiest states for Q1 2014 are California; Washington, D.C.;
Florida; Maryland; Arizona; Connecticut; New Jersey; Maine; Arkansas; and
Colorado. For the first time since the inception of this report in 2009, Nevada
is not in the top 10.

After largely disappearing from the riskiest MSAs, Miami-Ft. Lauderdale-Pompano
Beach, Florida reappeared this quarter as the ninth riskiest MSA in overall
fraud risk with an index of 136, sixth riskiest for property valuation fraud and
fourth riskiest for occupancy fraud.

LOAD-DATE: July 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2014 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              50 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  April 17, 1992, Friday, Late Edition - Final

Mortgage Fraud Charges

BYLINE: Reuters

SECTION: Section D; Page 10; Column 5; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 254 words

DATELINE: BOSTON, April 16


Fifteen people have been indicted for operating what Federal law enforcement
officials described on Wednesday as a mortgage fraud scheme that netted $20
million in four years.

The 112-count indictment, returned on Tuesday, charges officials of United
States Funding, a mortgage broker that is now defunct, with defrauding 15
mortgage lenders and other financial institutions in 1985 to 1989.

The indictment charges the people with conspiracy, mail fraud, wire fraud, bank
fraud and other charges.

Under the scheme, the mortgage lenders, some from as far as California, bought
loans that had originated with U.S. Funding. Mortgage originators generally try
to sell the obligation soon after it is granted to a borrower.

Named in all 112 counts is Guy J. Scarpaci, the president and sole shareholder
of U.S. Funding, which was based in Weymouth, Mass. Also named, in 104 counts,
is his brother Frank, a lawyer, as well as U.S. Funding's certified public
accountants, Vincent Nardo and David Carlton.

The indictment charges that they misrepresented the income, asset liabilities
and employment histories of clients in selling their mortgages to other lending
institutions.

The falsified applications were supported by fraudulent documents, including tax
returns, pay and pension check stubs, bank statements, certifications of title
and other papers.

The defendants also paid $160,000 in bribes to obtain loans and misrepresented
the financial strength of U.S. Funding as part of the scheme, officials said.

LOAD-DATE: April 17, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company


                              51 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                           December 1, 2016 Thursday

Head Line: US Patent granted to Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. (California) on November
29, 2016 titled as "Automated secondary linking for fraud detection systems"

LENGTH: 213 words

DATELINE: New York


ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no.
9,509,705 on November 29, 2016, to Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. (California) titled as
"Automated secondary linking for fraud detection systems"

Inventors: Hamidi; Sean S. (Lafayette, CA), Moss; Beth S. (Danville, CA),
Stokes; Jason M. (Los Angeles, CA), Alexander; Ryan S. (Mill Creek, WA), Stutz;
Wendy M. (SLC, UT), Berkery; Angela C. (Sandy, UT), Geer
Assignee: Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. (San Francisco, CA) (California)



According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office:
"Systems, methods, and other embodiments associated with automated secondary
linking for fraud detection systems. According to one embodiment, a system
includes a parsing logic configured to receive an incoming fraud report based on
a first fraud detection strategy. The parse logic is also configured to parse
the incoming fraud report into fraud data. The system further includes a search
logic configured to search a set of fraud reports to identify instances of the
fraud data. The system also includes an alert logic configured to generate an
alert in response to an instance of the fraud data being identified in the set
of fraud reports."

The patent was filed on August 7, 2014 Application No. 14/453,988


LOAD-DATE: December 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              52 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                             June 26, 2012 Tuesday
                                 THIRD EDITION

NATION DIGEST

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A21

LENGTH: 635 words

DATELINE: 0


Financier convicted in $200 million fraud

An Indianapolis businessman accused of looting an Ohio-based finance company
after buying it and bilking about 5,000 mostly elderly investors out of more
than $200 million was convicted Wednesday on all counts.

A federal jury found Tim Durham guilty of securities fraud, conspiracy and 10
counts of wire fraud. His business partners, James F. Cochran and accountant
Rick D. Snow, also were convicted of conspiracy and securities fraud, and some
wire fraud counts. When sentenced, the men could face decades in prison.

Defense rests in Sandusky trial - Jerry Sandusky's defense rested its case
Wednesday morning after less than two full days of mostly character testimony
and only a few substantive witnesses, bringing a quiet end to a high-profile
case involving the former Penn State coach charged with sexually abusing 10
young boys.

The prosecution didn't offer any rebuttal testimony. Instead, jurors got a sneak
preview of what they'll be doing today, including beginning deliberations.

Senior Judge John Cleland will give his instructions to the jury at 9 Friday
morning, followed by closing arguments from the defense and the prosecution.
After that, the jury will deliberate in sequestration.

Colorado firefighters get break - Firefighters took advantage of a break in the
heat Wednesday to ramp up their attack against wildfire burning on more than 100
square miles in northern Colorado. After three straight days of gusty wind and
heat in the 90s, temperatures were about 20 degrees cooler.

Regulators delay decision on nuclear plant - State utility regulators are
postponing a decision on whether to launch an investigation into the troubled
San Onofre, Calif., nuclear power plant, an agency spokesman said Wednesday. The
twin-reactor plant between Los Angeles and San Diego has been shut down for
nearly five months after a break in a tube that carries radioactive water.

Judge stops use of copters in horse roundups - A federal judge on Wednesday
temporarily banned the U.S. Bureau of Land Management from using helicopters to
gather many of the hundreds of mustangs targeted in a roundup already under way
about 150 miles northeast of Reno, Nev.

U.S. District Judge Howard McKibben granted part of a temporary restraining
order sought by horse protection advocates who say the BLM's own rules prohibit
helicopter roundups during foaling season. He said he would allow it to continue
in the southern half of the Jackson Mountains because BLM has proven an
emergency due to drought.

Alaska man finds himself upside down in tree - A man in Alaska had to be rescued
after he climbed a tree but got stuck upside down by one leg. Fairbanks
firefighters had to use a ladder truck to reach the man, 53, who was dangling
nearly 30 feet off the ground. He was uninjured. Authorities were alerted by a
friend, whom the man called from a cellphone attached to a lanyard around his
neck.

Oracle's Ellison to buy most of Lanai - Hawaii Gov. Neil Abercrombie says Oracle
Corp. CEO Larry Ellison is buying 98 percent of the island of Lanai. Abercrombie
said Wednesday that the land's current owners, Castle & Cooke, have filed a
transfer application with the state.

U.S. to take control of N.Y. dinosaur skeleton - A dinosaur skeleton is
scheduled to be taken by U.S. authorities on Friday from the custody of an
auction house after a judge permitted its seizure for its likely return home to
Mongolia. Heritage Auctions Co-Chairman Jim Halperin said the Dallas-based
company, the dinosaur's current custodian, looks forward to releasing the
Tyrannosaurus bataar after it was assured it will be properly and carefully
transported and stored by the government in a secure, climate-controlled and
fully insured art storage facility.

Read more national news at stltoday.com/news/national.

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  Digest

GRAPHIC:  Photo by Jeffrey Furticella o Associated Press  Yoga practitioners
celebrate the summer solstice Wednesday at an event in New York's Times Square.
At least 14,000 people attended on the longest day of the year.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: BRIEF

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2012 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              53 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                             June 21, 2012 Thursday
                                 THIRD EDITION

NATION

BYLINE: Read more national news at stltoday.com/news/national.

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A21

LENGTH: 626 words

DATELINE: 0


Financier convicted in $200 million fraud

An Indianapolis businessman accused of looting an Ohio-based finance company
after buying it and bilking about 5,000 mostly elderly investors out of more
than $200 million was convicted Wednesday on all counts.

A federal jury found Tim Durham guilty of securities fraud, conspiracy and 10
counts of wire fraud. His business partners, James F. Cochran and accountant
Rick D. Snow, also were convicted of conspiracy and securities fraud, and some
wire fraud counts. When sentenced, the men could face decades in prison.

Defense rests in Sandusky trial - Jerry Sandusky's defense rested its case
Wednesday morning after less than two full days of mostly character testimony
and only a few substantive witnesses, bringing a quiet end to a high-profile
case involving the former Penn State coach charged with sexually abusing 10
young boys.

The prosecution didn't offer any rebuttal testimony. Instead, jurors got a sneak
preview of what they'll be doing today, including beginning deliberations.

Senior Judge John Cleland will give his instructions to the jury at 9 Friday
morning, followed by closing arguments from the defense and the prosecution.
After that, the jury will deliberate in sequestration.

Colorado firefighters get break - Firefighters took advantage of a break in the
heat Wednesday to ramp up their attack against wildfire burning on more than 100
square miles in northern Colorado. After three straight days of gusty wind and
heat in the 90s, temperatures were about 20 degrees cooler.

Regulators delay decision on nuclear plant - State utility regulators are
postponing a decision on whether to launch an investigation into the troubled
San Onofre, Calif., nuclear power plant, an agency spokesman said Wednesday. The
twin-reactor plant between Los Angeles and San Diego has been shut down for
nearly five months after a break in a tube that carries radioactive water.

Judge stops use of copters in horse roundups - A federal judge on Wednesday
temporarily banned the U.S. Bureau of Land Management from using helicopters to
gather many of the hundreds of mustangs targeted in a roundup already under way
about 150 miles northeast of Reno, Nev.

U.S. District Judge Howard McKibben granted part of a temporary restraining
order sought by horse protection advocates who say the BLM's own rules prohibit
helicopter roundups during foaling season. He said he would allow it to continue
in the southern half of the Jackson Mountains because BLM has proven an
emergency due to drought.

Alaska man finds himself upside down in tree - A man in Alaska had to be rescued
after he climbed a tree but got stuck upside down by one leg. Fairbanks
firefighters had to use a ladder truck to reach the man, 53, who was dangling
nearly 30 feet off the ground. He was uninjured. Authorities were alerted by a
friend, whom the man called from a cellphone attached to a lanyard around his
neck.

Oracle's Ellison to buy most of Lanai - Hawaii Gov. Neil Abercrombie says Oracle
Corp. CEO Larry Ellison is buying 98 percent of the island of Lanai. Abercrombie
said Wednesday that the land's current owners, Castle & Cooke, have filed a
transfer application with the state.

U.S. to take control of N.Y. dinosaur skeleton - A dinosaur skeleton is
scheduled to be taken by U.S. authorities on Friday from the custody of an
auction house after a judge permitted its seizure for its likely return home to
Mongolia. Heritage Auctions Co-Chairman Jim Halperin said the Dallas-based
company, the dinosaur's current custodian, looks forward to releasing the
Tyrannosaurus bataar after it was assured it will be properly and carefully
transported and stored by the government in a secure, climate-controlled and
fully insured art storage facility.

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  Digest

GRAPHIC:  Jeffrey Furticella o Associated Press Photo -  Yoga practitioners
celebrate the summer solstice Wednesday at an event in New York's Times Square.
At least 14,000 people attended on the longest day of the year.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: BRIEF

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2012 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              54 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   February 23, 1999, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Fed's war against health care fraud escalates

BYLINE: Peter Eisler

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 5B

LENGTH: 942 words


Criminal prosecutions for health care fraud have more than
tripled in recent years. Medical professionals are going to jail
in record numbers as the government attempts to crack down on
an estimated $ 12 billion a year in fraudulent Medicare claims.

When Attorney General Janet Reno announced in 1993 that cracking
down on health care fraud would be a top Justice Department priority,
U.S. attorneys didn't immediately jump into overdrive.

Initially, they lacked the manpower, money and know-how to handle
the complex, labor-intensive cases.


Most health fraud prosecutions involve inflated or unjustified
bills to Medicare or Medicaid, the public insurance programs for
the elderly, poor and disabled. Investigators have to pore over
thousands of claims to see that services were provided, necessary
and billed correctly.

"Health care fraud was, for many U.S. attorneys, a relatively
new area so it's taken some time to learn how to do it," says
Michael Mangano, the Department of Health and Human Services'
deputy inspector general, whose office provides investigators
for health care fraud cases.

"The way you do it is by taking cases and getting better and
better at it."

Many federal prosecutors have done just that. Despite a slow start,
criminal prosecutions for health care fraud have more than tripled
since Reno made them a priority.

Civil cases have climbed, too. And, because of growing public
recognition of the costs of health care fraud, such prosecutions
have shed some of their grunt-work reputation.

Some recent cases:

* Michael Schooler, president of Georgia Intensive Care,
an Atlanta ambulance company, was sentenced to a year in prison
and ordered to pay $ 295,000 in restitution in a Medicare fraud
case last spring. He pleaded guilty to submitting false claims
for transporting patients, inflating mileage charges and billing
for oxygen that was never administered.

* Carol Hoogenboom, a northern Illinois psychologist, was
convicted last fall on charges that she submitted 11,000 false
claims to Medicare, many for psychological testing that was never
performed. She used some of the $ 480,000 in unwarranted payments
to buy two cars. She was sentenced to more than five years in
prison.

* Charter Hospital Orlando South, a 56-bed psychiatric
hospital in Kissimmee, Fla., agreed in August to pay $ 4.7 million
to resolve a civil lawsuit filed by U.S. attorneys. The hospital
was charged with routinely admitting elderly patients with irreversible
brain disorders even though in-patient treatment could do them
no good.

Such cases still are relatively rare, accounting for only 1% of
U.S. attorneys' criminal caseloads, but supporters of the Justice
Department's crackdown on health care fraud say they send a strong
message.

"It's a very small core of (health care) providers who go out
and commit fraud," says Bill Mahon, head of the National Health
Care Anti-Fraud Association, a nonprofit agency that backs public
and private fraud-fighting efforts. "So, there's a real long-term
benefit to bringing (federal) cases, especially criminal prosecutions.
Jail may not be much of a deterrent in certain types of street
crime, but there's a lot of impact on a physician who sees a counterpart
across town going to jail for five years."

A number of factors have helped drive the increase in prosecutions
for health care fraud. Among them:

* In 1995, the Clinton administration launched Operation
Restore Trust, a health care fraud-fighting campaign that teamed
U.S. attorneys with investigators from the FBI and the Department
of Health and Human Services. Initially a five-state pilot, the
program has become a national model, rewriting the way health
care fraud is investigated and tried.

* In 1996, Congress passed legislation that sharply boosted
spending for investigations and prosecutions of health care fraud.
In 1997, the legislation, which included regulatory changes to
facilitate anti-fraud efforts, provided more than $ 150 million
in new funding, including $ 47 million earmarked to boost FBI involvement.

* Heightened public awareness of the costs of health care
fraud has spurred a rise in whistle-blower complaints, bringing
investigators more tips from consumers and health care workers
who spot fraudulent practices. Last year, federal agents received
more than 100,000 calls reporting suspected fraud and abuse in
Medicare and Medicaid.

The government's largely successful effort to publicize its anti-fraud
initiatives has drawn complaints from some health care providers.

Among those targeted -- doctors, hospitals, nursing homes, home
health care agencies, and suppliers of oxygen and other medical
supplies that are billed to the Medicare and Medicaid programs
-- there is a belief that the government is unfairly tarring the
entire health care industry for the sins of a few.

"This characterization of widespread fraud is really undermining
the public's confidence in health care providers," says Mary
Grealy of the American Hospital Association.

But federal officials insist that the only way to combat health
care fraud is with the help of consumers, who are in the best
position to spot bogus bills sent on their behalf to Medicare,
Medicaid and private insurers.

Says John Bentivoglio, Justice Department special counsel for
health care fraud: "Our best cases come from whistle-blowers."

Contributing: Barbara Pearson

TEXT OF INFO BOX 'Prosecuting health care fraud'
NOT AVAILABLE FOR DATABASE -- PLEASE SEE MICROFICHE

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, B/W, J.L. Albert, USA TODAY, Source: USA TODAY analysis by
Barbara Pearson of Justice Department Data collected by the Transactional
Records Access Clearinghouse

                      Copyright 1999 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              55 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Inland Valley Daily Bulletin (Ontario, CA)

                            April 25, 2013 Thursday

Ontario man, two others found guilty in $1.5 million Medicare fraud case

BYLINE: By Beatriz E. Valenzuela beatriz.valenzuela@ inlandnewspapers.com
@IEBeatriz on Twitter

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 482 words


An Ontario man and two others, including an Anaheim physician, were found guilty
Wednesday in federal court of defrauding the Medicare system of $1.5 million
dollars through kickbacks and unnecessary prescriptions, according to the U.S.
Department of Justice.

Godwin Onyeabor, 49, of Ontario, Sri J. Wijegunaratne, 58, of Anaheim and Heidi
Morishita, 48, of Valencia are each facing up to 10 years in prison for the
fraud, according to federal authorities.

Trial evidence presented in U.S. District Court in the Central District of
California showed Onyeabor, who was an officer at Fendih Medical Supply in San
Bernardino, paid kickbacks to Wijegunaratne and Morishita for providing
Onyeabor's company with unnecessary prescriptions for medical supplies,
including electric wheelchairs.

Onyeabor, who reportedly owns the medical supply company with his wife, Victoria
Onyeabor, 52, then billed Medicare for the equipment.

Authorities say the trio committed the fraud from January 2007 to February 2012.

Prosecutors introduced evidence at trial from Medicare beneficiaries stating
they had been promised free juice and vitamins to receive care at certain
medical clinics, according to the news release. They testified they later
received a power wheelchair they did not want and attempts to reject the chairs
from Fendih Medical Supply were unsuccessful.

Wijegunaratne was found guilty of conspiracy to commit health care fraud and six
counts of health care fraud. Onyeabor was convicted of conspiracy to commit
health care fraud and 11 counts of health care fraud. All three, including
Morishita, were found guilty of one count of conspiracy to pay and receive
kickbacks, according to the news release.

A search of Wijegunaratne's record on the Medical Board of California's website
shows the Anaheim doctor does have a valid license to practice medicine in the
state under the name Wijegoonaratna. Wijegunaratne practices geriatrics in
Orange, records show.

The three were investigated as part of a large, nationwide investigation that
focused on Medicare fraud in Baton Rouge, La., Brooklyn, NY., Chicago, Dallas,
Miami, Houston and Los Angeles late last year.

According to FBI officials, the Los Angeles-area cases allegedly bilked Medicare
out of more than $65 million and is believed to be the highest amount in
fraudulent Medicare billing in the history of the Los Angeles Medicare Fraud
Strike Force.

During last year's sweep, a total of 91 people were arrested nationwide and 18
in Southern California, federal officials said.

The Medicare Fraud Strike Force was formed in March 2007 as part of the health
Care Fraud Prevention & Enforcement Action Team. The strike force is now
operating in nine cities across the country and has charged nearly 1,500 people
for Medicare fraud, officials said.

Anyone with information on Medicare fraud is asked to report it by logging on
tostopmedicarefraud.gov .

LOAD-DATE: April 26, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              56 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                              June 20, 2008 Friday

SECTION: WIRE; Pg. 2A

LENGTH: 590 words


Hundreds swept up in mortgage fraud arrests

By LARA JAKES JORDAN and ALAN ZIBEL

Associated Press Writer

WASHINGTON (AP) - More than 400 real estate industry players have been indicted
since March - including dozens over the last two days - in a Justice Department
crackdown on incidents of mortgage fraud nationwide that stem from the country's
housing crisis.

The FBI put the losses to homeowners and other borrowers who were victims in the
schemes at over $1 billion.

"Mortgage fraud poses a significant threat to our economy, to the stability of
our nation's housing markets and to the peace of mind of millions of American
homeowners," Deputy Attorney General Mark Filip said at an afternoon news
conference.

Since March 1, 406 people have been arrested in the sting dubbed "Operation
Malicious Mortgage" resulting from 144 cases across the country. Sixty people
were arrested on Wednesday alone, including in Chicago, Miami, Houston and a
dozen other regions policed by the FBI.

Law enforcement officials said their stepped-up focus on mortgage cases aims to
combat problems that have grown out of the risky lending practices prevalent
until the mortgage market collapse started last year. Officials have identified
10 "mortgage fraud hotspots" nationwide in California, Colorado, Texas,
Minnesota, Michigan, Illinois, Ohio, New York, Georgia and Florida.

To people who have committed fraud or are contemplating doing so, FBI Director
Robert Mueller said: "We will find you, you will be investigated and you will be
prosecuted."

Those named in the cases include housing developers, mortgage lenders and
brokers, lawyers, real estate agents and appraisers, said Sharon Ormsby, section
chief in charge of financial crimes for the FBI.

In some cases, gang, drug and organized crime investigations have resulted in
mortgage fraud cases because such schemes enable criminals to launder money,
Ormsby said.

Mortgage foreclosure rescue scams, which promise to help struggling homeowners
stave off foreclosure and keep their homes, also have become a major problem,
officials said. Typically, unsuspecting owners sign over their homes and then
find they are victims of fraud.

In separate arrests, two former Bear Stearns managers in New York were indicted
Thursday, becoming the first executives to face criminal charges related to the
collapse of the subprime mortgage market.

Across the country, reports of mortgage fraud have soared over the past year as
the subprime mortgage market collapsed, and defaults and foreclosures soared.

Banks reported nearly 53,000 cases of suspected mortgage fraud last year, up
from more than 37,000 a year earlier and about 10 times the level of reports in
2001 and 2002, according to the Treasury Department's Financial Crimes
Enforcement Network.

In recent months, the FBI has been investigating more than 1,400 mortgage fraud
cases and 19 companies - including Bear Stearns - tied to the subprime mortgage
crisis.

Officials declined to say who might be the next corporate target, but Mueller
said the investigations focus on accounting fraud, insider trading, and failure
to disclose the value of mortgage-related securities and other investments.

Under review for potential fraud are: investment banks, hedge funds, credit
rating agencies, brokerage houses and due diligence firms - which evaluate loans
packaged into investments.

Similar to the federal investigations of Enron Corp. and WorldCom Inc., the
cases are complex and rely on intense scrutiny of documents, Mueller said.

Hundreds swept up in mortgage fraud arrests

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2008 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              57 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                              May 3, 1993, Monday

FINANCIALLY BESIEGED INSURANCE COMPANIES INTENSIFY FIGHT AGAINST FRAUD

BYLINE: BRIGITTE MAXEY; Journal of Commerce Staff

SECTION: INSURANCE, Pg. 11A

LENGTH: 650 words


What's bad news for insurance companies' bottom lines is turning into worse news
for people thinking of defrauding them.

People like Shawn Smoker - who faked swallowing glass in order to recover bodily
injury awards - have found out the hard way how quickly insurers and insurance
fraud bureaus hook up to catch crooks. The Insurance Fraud Bureau of
Massachusetts foiled his attempt to defraud several Boston-area hotels after a
Westin Hotel employee tipped off investigators. Mr. Smoker is serving three to
ive years in the state penitentiary.

Insurance companies have been struggling in the sluggish economy, so they have
become more aggressive in combatting fraud, according to John Maes, assistant
communications director of the National Insurance Crime Bureau.

"More than ever, they are concerned about their bottom lines," he said.

The industry-supported organization investigates insurance fraud and teaches
insurers how to fight it. The one-year-old bureau is the product of a merger of
two industry groups, the Insurance Crime Prevention Institute and National
Automobile Theft Bureau. It is based in the Chicago suburb of Palos Hills.

"Insurers are becoming more aggressive," Mr. Maes said. "It's come to the point
that it was time to deal with the problem." In 1992, insurance companies
reported about 27,000 fraud cases to the bureau, almost 74 percent more than a
year earlier.

Insurers claim that fraud costs them between $ 17 billion and $ 20 billion
annually. Part of that represents crimes committed by insurance company
employees.

In one recent example, some employees in the Voorhees, N.J., office of Travelers
Insurance Co. of Hartford, Conn., solicited kickbacks from body shops in New
Jersey and Pennsylvania and filed $ 5 million of false insurance claims for
paint damage to cars and trucks between 1988 and 1990.

A former senior appraiser, an assistant manager and a supervisory appraiser were
convicted in federal court in Philadelphia of racketeering charges.

Travelers worked closely with investigative officials from New Jersey and
Philadelphia. That is common practice,fraud investigators said. But insurance
companies also increasingly are hiring former police and FBI investigators to
work on a free-lance basis.

John Cusolito, a spokesman for Boston-based Liberty Mutual Insurance Co., said
the fight against fraudulent activities needs the cooperation of insurers and
state and local officials.

Liberty Mutual, the country's largest workers compensation insurer, is
investigating several kinds of suspected workers compensation fraud.

One involves so-called double dipping, or collecting workers compensation
benefits from one company while working for another. Brian McCarthy, a security
guard, was accused of doing this.

Insurers discovered Mr. McCarthy's fraud when a claims specialist found
conflicting information on his wage statement, said Daniel Skelly, vice
president and chief of investigations at the Massachusetts fraud bureau, which
is the only independent state-level insurance fraud bureau in the country.

Workers compensation fraud accounts for half of the Massachusetts bureau's 3,000
insurance fraud cases.

The insurance industry supplies its annual operating funds of $ 3.2 million.
Other fraud bureaus are state-run and are closely tied to state insurance
departments.

Government control doesn't mean the bureaus are less effective, insurers agreed.
The New York Insurance Department's fraud bureau, for example, said 34
convictions were obtained from the 66 arrests in which it was involved last
year.

John Calagna, spokesman for the insurance department, credited his bureau's
relationship with local and state prosecutors. "Our cooperative success with the
Attorney General's Office and local prosecutors has enabled us to hire 20
positions, most of which will be investigators," Mr. Calagna said.

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1993 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                              58 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                           December 3, 2008 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Mortgage Fraud Rises

BYLINE: SHANNON BEHNKEN, sbehnken@tampatrib.com

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 419 words


Florida leads nation, and Tampa is second in suspicious activity.

By SHANNON BEHNKEN

sbehnken@tampatrib.com

TAMPA - In a state that leads the nation in mortgage fraud, Tampa had the
second-most cases of suspicious loan activity of any Florida city, according to
a report released Tuesday from the Reston, Va.-based Mortgage Asset Research
Institute.

Fraud also seems to be a growing problem in Tampa. The group said fraud reports
for the area make up 18 percent of the state's volume, up from 4 percent last
quarter.

Despite fewer loan applications nationwide, mortgage fraud cases are up 45
percent in the second quarter, compared with the same quarter a year ago, the
report said. Of those cases, 21 percent of the loans were for properties in
Florida.

Florida has led all other states in reported mortgage fraud for two consecutive
quarters. California and Illinois ranked second and third among the states.

It's somewhat surprising that mortgage fraud continues to grow, even though it's
more difficult to obtain loans now, said Denise James, a director of
ChoicePoint, the parent company of the research institute.

Part of the reason, she said, is because mortgage professionals who took part in
fraud during the boom years want to maintain their lifestyles.

"They're going to have to keep that up and really embellish the applications,"
she said. "We're seeing very basic fraud such as fake pay stubs."

Miami, with 45 percent of the state's fraud reports, had the most problem loans,
the report showed.

The most common types of misrepresentation for the Tampa area were associated
with appraisals, flip sales and inflated values of more than 30 percent.

Professionals involved in fraudulent transactions in the Miami area honed in on
the borrower's financial history and stability, while those in Tampa were more
focused on misrepresented property data, the report said.

Among the types of fraud, Florida had higher percentages than other states in
asset and debt misrepresentation on the loan applications, verification of
employment fraud, appraisal misrepresentation and escrow and closing document
misrepresentation.

The Mortgage Asset Research Institute provides mortgage fraud prevention
information and analysis to major lenders. Banks and mortgage origination
companies report suspicious activity to the group, which then tracks the growth
in fraud.

Reporter Shannon Behnken can be reached at (813) 259-7804.

Copyright © 2008, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2008 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                              59 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Journal Record (Oklahoma City, OK)

                             August 21, 2006 Monday

OSU professor helps guard against workplace fraud

BYLINE: David Page

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 441 words


Carol Johnson has a goal - helping businesses stop fraud in the workplace.
Johnson, associate professor in the Department of Accounting at Oklahoma State
University in Stillwater, conducts workshops on "Detecting, Controlling and
Avoiding Fraud" through the William S. Spears School of Business Center for
Executive and Professional Development. "Primarily we are trying to help stop
fraud in the workplace," she said.

The seminar covers theories of fraud and fraud prevention, common fraud schemes
employed in the workplace and who commits fraud and why. "The first thing I do
is talk about why people commit fraud and the motivators," she said. "If you
know why they do it, it is easier to close the gate behind them. " The seminar
is available as a customized on-site program. Most of the seminars have been in
the Oklahoma City and Tulsa areas. Johnson also has presented seminars in
Houston. "Most workplace fraud is just a new twist on an old scheme - the same
thing done over and over again with new technology," she said. Employers should
watch for red flags to indicate potential fraud, she said. "Fraud is mostly
committed by your own employees," said Johnson, who has been at OSU since 1992.
She suggests that managers, owners, chief financial officers, accountants,
auditors, treasurers and controllers attend the seminars. Employees who commit
fraud usually are not good at saving what they steal, Johnson said. "They steal
to satisfy a need," she said. "Once they satisfy this need and see that it
works, the need often expands into greed. "When you see people who are living or
driving beyond their means, it is often an indicator of fraud," Johnson said.
Other fraud indicators include certain personalities or missing documents. "For
very small businesses, such as a doctor's office, one of the best controls is to
have the bank statement sent to the owners' home," she said. "Too often, the
person who commits the fraud is allowed to do too many duties for the
organization," Johnson said. "For instance, you do not want to have the same
person keeping the records and controlling the cash. " The Association of
Certified Fraud Examiners estimates annual workplace fraud losses in U.S. at
$652 billion. By some estimates, Johnson said, fraud consumes about 5 percent of
business revenues. Johnson is a member of the Association of Certified Fraud
Examiners, the Association of Certified Anti-Money Laundering Specialists and
the American Accounting Association. Before joining the OSU staff, she taught at
Arizona State University, Illinois State University and Illinois Wesleyan
University. She also worked for State Farm Insurance.

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              60 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 Network World

                                 March 12, 2001

No 'Net user is immune to online fraud, study says

BYLINE: Sam Costello

LENGTH: 380 words



The widespread adoption of new technologies has created new opportunities for
fraud that any Internet user is susceptible to, a situation made worse by
ignorance about the issue, according to a new study released this week.

The top complaint reported was online auction fraud, with nearly 66% of
complaints coming in that category. This was followed by nondelivered
merchandise or payment at 22% and credit or debit card fraud at nearly 5%.

The figures come from the first report on Internet fraud released by the
Internet Fraud Complaint Center (IFCC), a partnership between the FBI and the
National White Collar Crime Center. The report covers the six-month period from
May 8, 2000 to Nov. 8, 2000.

These frauds led to over $4.6 million in total losses, with the average loss
being $894. Despite such a high average amount, only 17% of the losses were over
$1,000. The majority of losses totaled less than $500. Investment fraud led to
the biggest losses. Auction fraud, despite being the largest culprit
percentage-wise, led to the lowest average losses.

The perpetrators of the fraud tend to be male, according to the report, and are
overwhelmingly U.S. residents (92%) living in large states. The most
perpetrators (17.3%) live in California. The average victim of online fraud also
lives in a large and populous state - California, Texas, Florida or New York -
is male and between the ages of 30 and 50. The report notes however that women
have also fallen prey to online fraud, and that the ages of victims range from
10 to 100.

Over 50% of fraud victims are initially contacted by e-mail, with 38% of
contacts coming via a Web page, the report said. The leading methods of payment
in fraud cases are money order and credit card.

The report includes data taken from over 20,000 complaints filed on the IFCC Web
site. The report is based on the nearly 6,100 complaints referred to law
enforcement by Nov. 8, with the majority of the complaints involving the
Internet; not all IFCC complaints involve the Internet.

A copy of the IFCC report is available at:
http://www.ifccfbi.gov/strategy/6monthreport.pdf

The FBI, in Washington, D.C., is at http://www.fbi.gov. The National White
Collar Crime Center is at http://www.nw3c.org.


LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2001 Network World, Inc.


                              61 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Mortgage Servicing News

                                  August 2013

Purchases Have Greater Fraud Risk Than Refis

BYLINE: Evan Nemeroff

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 8 Vol. 17 No. 09

LENGTH: 465  words


As the mortgage market changes from a refinance market to a purchase market over
the next several months, a shift in fraud risk trends will take place during
this time that lenders need to be aware of.

According to Interthinx's latest Mortgage Fraud Index report, purchases have a
higher fraud risk than refinances. This is primarily the case because occupancy
fraud risk increased by 15% in the first quarter compared to a year ago, the
Agoura Hills, Calif.-based risk mitigation firm said.

One of the main reasons why occupancy fraud risk is higher on a yearly basis, as
well as up 2% from the prior quarter, is because of the continuing investor
appetite for rental properties.

Through the first quarter, occupancy fraud risk index-perpetrated primarily by
investors who falsely claim the intent to live in a purchased property in order
to obtain a mortgage with a lower downpayment and/or lower interest rate-for
purchases is 176, while it is only 76 for refinances.

"The higher occupancy fraud risk for purchases is likely due to the relative
difficulty in falsifying owner-occupancy status when applying for a refinance as
opposed to a purchase," Interthinx said in its quarterly report.

Overall, the national mortgage fraud risk index for 1Q13 is one percent more
than the previous quarter and unchanged from the same time period last year.

California continues to be the riskiest state for mortgage fraud, Interthinx
said, followed by Nevada, Florida, Washington DC, and Alaska, rounding out the
top five.

The Golden State contains four of the top 10 ZIP codes with the greatest
possibility for mortgage fraud, and five of the top 10 metropolitan statistical
areas-including the riskiest, Santa Barbara-Santa Maria-Goleta. Additionally,
nine of the top ten cities for the potential of employment/income fraud risk are
located in California.

Meanwhile, the least risky states are Mississippi, Iowa, Maine, South Dakota,
Nebraska, Kansas, Kentucky, Wisconsin, Indiana and Oklahoma.

On a local level, four of the riskiest ZIP codes nationwide are located in the
Chicago area, Interthinx noted.

Other highlights from the report is that property valuation fraud risk, in which
a scammer manipulates property value to create "equity" which is then extracted
from loan proceeds, was up 9% both year-over-year and quarter-over-quarter.

However, identity fraud risk and employment/income fraud risk each declined on a
yearly basis, by 15% and 10%, respectively.

"Clearly, this report illustrates that loan purpose is a pivotal factor in
occupancy fraud risk," said Jeff Moyer, president of Interthinx. "The higher
occupancy fraud risk in purchases will become increasingly significant as the
mortgage market changes in the coming months from a refinance-dominated market
to a purchase-dominated market."

URL: http://www.mortgageservicingnews.com/

LOAD-DATE: August 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter

JOURNAL-CODE: MSN


                        Copyright 2013 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              62 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Origination News

                                   July 2013

Interthinx: Purchase Fraud Risk Is Growing

BYLINE: Evan Nemeroff

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 28 Vol. 22 No. 10

LENGTH: 465  words


As the mortgage market changes from a refinance market to a purchase market over
the next several months, a shift in fraud risk trends will take place during
this time that lenders need to be aware of.

According to Interthinx's latest Mortgage Fraud Index report, purchases have a
higher fraud risk than refinances. This is primarily the case because occupancy
fraud risk increased by 15% in the first quarter compared to a year ago, the
Agoura Hills, Calif.-based risk mitigation firm said.

One of the main reasons why occupancy fraud risk is higher on a yearly basis, as
well as up 2% from the prior quarter, is because of the continuing investor
appetite for rental properties.

Through the first quarter, occupancy fraud risk index-perpetrated primarily by
investors who falsely claim the intent to live in a purchased property in order
to obtain a mortgage with a lower downpayment and/or lower interest rate-for
purchases is 176, while it is only 76 for refinances.

"The higher occupancy fraud risk for purchases is likely due to the relative
difficulty in falsifying owner-occupancy status when applying for a refinance as
opposed to a purchase," Interthinx said in its quarterly report.

Overall, the national mortgage fraud risk index for 1Q13 is one percent more
than the previous quarter and unchanged from the same time period last year.

California continues to be the riskiest state for mortgage fraud, Interthinx
said, followed by Nevada, Florida, Washington DC, and Alaska, rounding out the
top five.

The Golden State contains four of the top 10 ZIP codes with the greatest
possibility for mortgage fraud, and five of the top 10 metropolitan statistical
areas-including the riskiest, Santa Barbara-Santa Maria-Goleta. Additionally,
nine of the top ten cities for the potential of employment/income fraud risk are
located in California.

Meanwhile, the least risky states are Mississippi, Iowa, Maine, South Dakota,
Nebraska, Kansas, Kentucky, Wisconsin, Indiana and Oklahoma.

On a local level, four of the riskiest ZIP codes nationwide are located in the
Chicago area, Interthinx noted.

Other highlights from the report is that property valuation fraud risk, in which
a scammer manipulates property value to create "equity" which is then extracted
from loan proceeds, was up 9% both year-over-year and quarter-over-quarter.

However, identity fraud risk and employment/income fraud risk each declined on a
yearly basis, by 15% and 10%, respectively.

"Clearly, this report illustrates that loan purpose is a pivotal factor in
occupancy fraud risk," said Jeff Moyer, president of Interthinx. "The higher
occupancy fraud risk in purchases will become increasingly significant as the
mortgage market changes in the coming months from a refinance-dominated market
to a purchase-dominated market."

URL: http://www.originationnews.com/

LOAD-DATE: July 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter

JOURNAL-CODE: ON


                        Copyright 2013 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              63 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             National Mortgage News

                                 June 17, 2013

Purchases Have Greater Fraud Risk Than Refis

BYLINE: Evan Nemeroff

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1 Vol. 37 No. 38

LENGTH: 465  words


As the mortgage market changes from a refinance market to a purchase market over
the next several months, a shift in fraud risk trends will take place during
this time that lenders need to be aware of.

According to Interthinx's latest Mortgage Fraud Index report, purchases have a
higher fraud risk than refinances. This is primarily the case because occupancy
fraud risk increased by 15% in the first quarter compared to a year ago, the
Agoura Hills, Calif.-based risk mitigation firm said.

One of the main reasons why occupancy fraud risk is higher on a yearly basis, as
well as up 2% from the prior quarter, is because of the continuing investor
appetite for rental properties.

Through the first quarter, occupancy fraud risk index-perpetrated primarily by
investors who falsely claim the intent to live in a purchased property in order
to obtain a mortgage with a lower downpayment and/or lower interest rate-for
purchases is 176, while it is only 76 for refinances.

"The higher occupancy fraud risk for purchases is likely due to the relative
difficulty in falsifying owner-occupancy status when applying for a refinance as
opposed to a purchase," Interthinx said in its quarterly report.

Overall, the national mortgage fraud risk index for 1Q13 is one percent more
than the previous quarter and unchanged from the same time period last year.

California continues to be the riskiest state for mortgage fraud, Interthinx
said, followed by Nevada, Florida, Washington DC, and Alaska, rounding out the
top five.

The Golden State contains four of the top 10 ZIP codes with the greatest
possibility for mortgage fraud, and five of the top 10 metropolitan statistical
areas-including the riskiest, Santa Barbara-Santa Maria-Goleta. Additionally,
nine of the top ten cities for the potential of employment/income fraud risk are
located in California.

Meanwhile, the least risky states are Mississippi, Iowa, Maine, South Dakota,
Nebraska, Kansas, Kentucky, Wisconsin, Indiana and Oklahoma.

On a local level, four of the riskiest ZIP codes nationwide are located in the
Chicago area, Interthinx noted.

Other highlights from the report is that property valuation fraud risk, in which
a scammer manipulates property value to create "equity" which is then extracted
from loan proceeds, was up 9% both year-over-year and quarter-over-quarter.

However, identity fraud risk and employment/income fraud risk each declined on a
yearly basis, by 15% and 10%, respectively.

"Clearly, this report illustrates that loan purpose is a pivotal factor in
occupancy fraud risk," said Jeff Moyer, president of Interthinx. "The higher
occupancy fraud risk in purchases will become increasingly significant as the
mortgage market changes in the coming months from a refinance-dominated market
to a purchase-dominated market."

URL: http://www.nationalmortgagenews.com//

LOAD-DATE: June 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NMN


                        Copyright 2013 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              64 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                             March 14, 2008 Friday

Mortgage fraud growing

BYLINE: Jasen Lee Deseret Morning News

LENGTH: 814 words


Utah ranks fifth in the nation for mortgage fraud, and state leaders have vowed
to crack down on the problem.

A report Thursday by the Mortgage Asset Research Institute for the Mortgage
Bankers Association found that the Beehive State had a high incidence of people
committing mortgage fraud. The most common types of fraud included misstating
income or employment history and falsifying financial information.

The top state for mortgage fraud was Florida, which led the list for the second
year in a row, followed by Nevada, Michigan, California and Utah.

The report came from an industrywide database that includes information about
fraud and fraud allegations collected from approximately 700 mortgage companies,
ranging from finance giants Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac to mid-size lenders.

The report, released at a Mortgage Bankers Association conference in Chicago,
did not detail the exact number of fraud cases by state or nationwide. Instead,
the group calculated a "fraud index" by comparing fraud reports with the number
of home loans made in each state.

It cited FBI statistics showing 46,700 mortgage-fraud reports in 2007, a more
than 30 percent increase from the year before and twice as many than in 2000.
Federally insured lenders are required to report fraud to the government.

Mortgage fraud has represented about $1 billion in losses over the past decade,
the Mortgage Bankers Association said.

David Kittle, chairman of the mortgage bankers' group and chief executive of
Principle Wholesale Lending in Louisville, Ky., said the industry does not blame
borrowers alone for committing fraud. He said real estate agents, mortgage
brokers, builders and lenders all share responsibility for a climate of lax
standards that has now ended.

"There's enough responsibility to go around to everybody," he said in a
conference call with reporters.

The Mortgage Bankers Association is calling for more than $31 million over the
next five years in new funding for the FBI and Justice Department to fight
mortgage fraud by hiring new investigators and prosecutors.

U.S. federal law enforcement agencies are planning a nationwide crackdown on
suspected cases of mortgage fraud in June, a U.S. Department of Justice official
said Thursday.

"Operation Malicious Mortgage" is the third national effort by federal agencies,
John D. Arterberry, the executive deputy chief of the Justice Department's fraud
section, criminal division, said Thursday at the bankers conference.

"This is not going to solve the problem overnight," Arterberry said. "I'm
optimistic it's going to be substantially larger than the previous two sweeps."

The number of mortgage-fraud cases being investigated has tripled over the past
five years, as soaring demand for loans led to looser underwriting standards,
Arterberry said. More than 150 defendants were charged in the 2004 and 2005
operations, Arterberry said.

Mark Steinagel, director of the Utah Division of Real Estate, said the state has
implemented various strategies to combat the problem, including developing a
mortgage-fraud task force this past fall.

"Mortgage fraud is a problem, and we won't rest until Utah is at the bottom of
the list for mortgage fraud," he said.

A mortgage-fraud bill passed last year allows the division to go after not only
licensees, but those who are acting as licensees, Steinagel said. That includes
mortgage brokers, real estate agents, appraisers or "anyone who commits
fraudulent activity and causes this problem of mortgage fraud."

The legislation also increases fines for those convicted of mortgage fraud from
$500 per violation to $2,500 per violation or the value the perpetrator received
from the fraud. In addition, the agency received approval to bring on another
investigator to target mortgage fraud, he said.

As part of its ongoing work, the division said Thursday that it had revoked the
licenses of an appraiser and two mortgage brokers for mortgage fraud, and they
face administrative fines.

Merle Sharick, a vice president with ChoicePoint Inc., which owns the Mortgage
Asset Research Institute, said fraud has become more evident now that the
industry is examining loans in foreclosure and default. "When times are good and
the market is roaring, fraud is not as evident," he said.

Sharick also noted that the industry has traditionally worried more about
organized schemes to defraud lenders, rather than borrowers misrepresenting
their income. But now, with property values falling, the industry is seeing "a
lot more instances" of fraud committed by borrowers who were simply stretching
to buy bigger homes and are now stuck with properties they can't afford. Top
states for mortgage fraud

1. Florida

2. Nevada

3. Michigan

4. California

5. Utah

6. Georgia

7. Virginia

8. Illinois

9. New York

10. Minnesota

Source: Mortgage Asset Research Institute LLC Contributing: Bloomberg News;
Associated Press. E-mail: jlee@desnews.com

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2008 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                              65 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 24, 2014 Friday

Fraud Investigator II

LENGTH: 760  words


Washington, D.C.: Biotechnology Industry Organization has issued the following
news release:


Fraud Investigator II
Job ID:  20852383
Position Title:  Fraud Investigator II
Company Name:  Green Dot Corporation
Industry:  Banking & Financial Institution
Job Function:  Investigator
Entry Level:  No
Location(s):  Pasadena, California, 91107, United States

Posted:  October 23, 2014
Job Type:  Full-Time
Job Duration:  Indefinite
Min Education:  H.S. Diploma/Equivalent
Min Experience:  3-5 Years
Required Travel:  10-25%
APPLY FOR THIS JOB
Apply URL:  http://ch.tbe.taleo.net/CH07/ats/careers/requisiti...
Save Job  Email Job  Print Job
Job Description

Green Dot Corporation is a technology-centric, consumer-focused Bank Holding
Company with a mission to reinvent personal banking for the masses. The company
is the largest provider of prepaid debit card products and prepaid card
reloading services in the United States as well as a leader in mobile banking
with its GoBank mobile bank account offering. Green Dot Corporation products are
available to consumers at more than 90,000 retailers nationwide, online and via
the leading app stores. The company is headquartered in Pasadena, CA with its
bank subsidiary, Green Dot Bank, located in Provo, UT.  The company also has
offices in Palo Alto, CA, Rogers, AR, and Tampa, FL.

Summary

The Fraud Investigator II is responsible for examining moderate to complex
account activity utilizing various propriety and industry tools to detect and
prevent fraudulent activity as well as investigate suspected, alleged or known
internal and external fraud perpetrated against Green Dot and its customers

Responsibilities

Conduct investigations of suspicious loss or account activity related to
moderate or complex fraud schemes.  Investigations involve highly confidential
data and may include the interviewing of alleged suspects and fact witnesses.
    Execute large scale and complex data pulls related to criminal, compliance,
and operational investigations.
    Complete complex link analysis projects utilizing specialized analytical
tools and software packages.
    Present findings and recommendations from fraud investigations and data
mining activities to Sr. Leadership, Key Customers, and members of Law
Enforcement.
    Serve as a Subject Matter Expert (SME) to team members.  Assists in the
delivery of fraud awareness training initiatives throughout Green Dot as well as
to external partners and audiences.
    Testify in court on case specific work product or custodian of record
matters.
    Develop, pilot, and implement fraud reduction / red flag rules within the
Green Dot production environment.
    Assist with minor database administration activities.
    Use sound judgment to plan and accomplish goals under limited supervision.
    Perform other ad hoc analytical activities.

Job Requirements

Requirements

3 to 5 years of experience conducting financial crime investigations or data
mining, preferably involving debit / credit card fraud, check fraud, wire fraud,
on-line banking, embezzlement, and ACH fraud, data breech investigations, etc.
    Experience testifying on work products for litigation or criminal
proceedings, strongly preferred.
    Bachelor's Degree strongly preferred.
    2+ years of experience with i2 Programs (Analyst Notebook and iBase)
strongly preferred.
    Experience testifying on work products for litigation or criminal
proceedings strongly preferred.
    Proficient in Excel, Access, and SQL and willingness to further enhance
those skillsets.
    High professional integrity given the daily requirements to handle
confidential and proprietary data.
    Ability to take initiative and execute tasks with minimal direct supervision
and day to day management.
    Strong verbal and written communication skills and the ability to interact
professionally with all levels of the corporation including Executive / C-Level.

    Certified Fraud Examiner, preferred.
    24/7 availability, including willingness to work on weekends, and outside of
the normal business hours.
    Ability to travel overnight approximately 20%.
    Must possess strong problem-solving and analytical skills to understand
complex transactions and accounts.

Green Dot Corporation is committed to achieving a diverse workforce and is proud
to be an equal opportunity employer without regard to race, color, religion,
sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any category
protected by law.


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              66 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             National Mortgage News

                                  June 4, 2012

BYLINE: Evan Nemeroff, Lew Sichelman, Brian Collins, Paul Muolo

SECTION: NEWS BRIEFS; Pg. 21 Vol. 36 No. 36

LENGTH: 1677  words


Foreclosure Homes Are 26% Of All Residential Sales

More than a quarter of all national residential sales in the first quarter were
either a short sale or bank-owned property, according to RealtyTrac.

Foreclosure-related sales made up 26% of all home sales through the first three
months of 2012, up from 22% in the last quarter of 2011 and 25% seen a year ago.

Third parties purchased 233,299 residential properties that were either in
default, scheduled for foreclosure auction or REO during the first quarter. This
is an 8% increase from the prior quarter.

The average sales price for a home in foreclosure or bank-owned was $161,214 in
the first quarter, 27% below the median price for a nonforeclosed property.

Short sales hit a three-year high in 1Q 2012 even as the average preforeclosure
sales price dropped to a record low. A total of 109,521 short sales occurred in
the first quarter of 2012, 25% more than the same time period last year.

Short sales accounted for 12% of all sales in the first quarter, with the
average property selling for $175,461. The median sales price of a short sale
home was 21% below a nonforeclosure home.

"Lenders are approving more aggressively priced short sales, which in turn is
resulting in more successful short sale transactions," said Brandon Moore, CEO
of RealtyTrac.

Preforeclosure sales, which took about 306 days to complete after starting the
foreclosure process, increased on an annual basis in 27 states, including
Wisconsin, Michigan, Georgia, Texas and Illinois.

Among the nation's 20 largest metropolitan statistical areas, the biggest annual
increases in short sales were Atlanta (78%), Detroit (75%), San Antonio (74%),
Sacramento (70%) and Dallas (69%).

Meanwhile, REO sales increased 2% from the previous quarter but decreased 15%
year-over-year with only 123,778 bank-owned homes sold in the first quarter. REO
sales comprised 14% of all residential sales from January to March 2012.

The median value that bank-owned homes sold for was $147,995, which is 33% less
than what a nonforeclosed property sells for.

REO sales increased quarter-over-quarter in 21 states, including Oregon, North
Carolina, Ohio, Florida and Wisconsin. It took 178 days for a lender to sell an
REO home during the first quarter, three more days than the fourth quarter of
2011.

Cities that experienced the largest annual increases in REO sales were
Minneapolis (33%), Boston (30%), Philadelphia (22%), Atlanta (15%) and Chicago
(13%).

- Evan Nemeroff

Mortgage Fraud Risk Going Down, Income Fraud Going Up

Mortgage fraud risk is improving nationally as Interthinx's quarterly index
reached its lowest mark in nearly three years.

Overall, the national mortgage fraud risk index decreased 4.3% in 1Q 2012 from
the previous quarter and 3.1% from a year ago.

Property valuation fraud risk was down 12% quarter-over-quarter, while identity
fraud risk and occupancy fraud risk also both fell 2% during this time period.

However, employment and income fraud risk rose 5% from the fourth quarter of
2011 and 18% from the first quarter last year. Over the last two years,
employment and income fraud risk has gone up 37%.

"The continued increase is due to misrepresentation of borrower data to meet
debt-to-income thresholds required by lenders," Interthinx said in the report.
"As already low mortgage rates have fallen further to new historical lows,
refinancing activity has surged. The resulting change in the composition of loan
applications is at least partially responsible for many of the trends seen over
the last year."

Nevada regained the status as the riskiest state for mortgage fraud in the first
quarter of 2012 after Arizona, which now is ranked as the second most likely
state for fraud risk, took over this spot in the prior quarter. Florida was
third on the list for mortgage fraud risk as it contains the two highest
metropolitan statistical areas-Cape Coral and Miami-and half of the top ten
riskiest ZIP codes in the nation for the possibility of fraud.

The number of markets considered as "very high risk" for mortgage fraud
decreased from 67 to 62. California and Florida account for more than half of
the MSAs classified under this category, while Michigan, Ohio, Colorado and
Arizona cities make up another fifth on this list.

- Evan Nemeroff

Most Completed Foreclosures Come From Five States

Five states accounted for nearly half the total of foreclosures that occurred
over the past year through April 2012, CoreLogic's national foreclosure report
revealed.

In April 2012, 66,000 foreclosures took place across the country, which is down
from 78,000 a year ago. Approximately 1.4 million homes, or 3.4% of all homes
with a mortgage, were in the foreclosure inventory as of April.

For the last 12 months, more than 838,000 foreclosures have been finalized
nationally.

But 409,000 of these foreclosures came from five states, led by California.

The Golden State completed 142,000 foreclosures in the last 12 months, followed
by Florida (92,000), Michigan (60,000), Texas (58,000) and Georgia (57,000).
These five states accounted for 48.8% of all completed foreclosures nationally.

The five states that had the fewest number of completed foreclosures were South
Dakota (62), District of Columbia (162), North Dakota (541), West Virginia (598)
and Hawaii (601).

"The inventory of homes in foreclosure in judicial states is growing, but this
increase is being more than offset by declining inventories in nonjudicial
states where the processing timelines to clear a foreclosure are shorter," said
Anand Nallathambi, chief executive officer of Santa Ana, Calif.-based CoreLogic.
"Nationally the inventory of homes in foreclosure decreased 0.1% from what it
was a year ago, and has leveled off over the first four months of 2012."

- Evan Nemeroff

Markets Brighten in the Sunshine State

One of the states hit hardest by the housing downturn is starting to shine
again, according to two unrelated reports.

A check by Housing Intelligence of median prices of all homes sold in January in
markets with at least 2,000 closings finds found that the stop five were all in
Florida.

Thanks to strong investor demand, the median price of both new and existing
homes leaped 27% in the Cape Coral-Fort Myers area from January 2012, and
Orlando was a fairly close second with a 22% gain, according to HI, which is the
research arm of the Hanley Wood publishing company.

Palm Bay clocked in with a 21% jump, followed by Tampa with a 16% improvement
and Miami up by 16%.

Meanwhile, the latest report from Condo Vultres, a South Florida-based
consulting firm, indicates that developers in the Miami-Dade, Broward and Palm
Beach area are hoping economic issues across the pond will prompt people in many
Western European countries to step up their investments in the United States,
particularly the Sunshine State.

International buyers already have played a major role in acquiring the excess
South Florida condo inventory that flooded the market beginning in 2007 at the
start of real estate crash.

Estimates are that foreigners have acquired some $3.8 billion annually in condo,
townhouse, and single-family house resales in the Miami-Miami Beach-Fort
Lauderdale market.

Besides resales, foreigners are buying new condo units directly from South
Florida developers-or lenders that have repossessed troubled properties-with
unsold inventory from the boom that began in 2003.

And they are playing a key role in the latest South Florida new condo boom where
at least 31 towers with nearly 6,250 units are proposed.

According to the National Association of Realtors, citizens of France, Germany
and Spain account for 23% of all foreign transactions in the state.

- Lew Sichelman

Case-Shiller: Home Prices Have Not Turned Yet

Standard & Poor's reported that its national home price index fell 2% in the
first quarter on a sequential basis.

"While there has been some improvement in some regions, prices have not turned,"
according to David Blitzer, chairman of the S&P index committee.

However, house prices were unchanged from February to March, based on the
20-city S&P Case-Shiller house price index.

"After close to six consecutive months of price declines across most cities,
this is relatively good news," Blitzer noted.

In February, values fell in 16 cities. In March, 12 cities saw average home
prices rise, seven cities saw prices fall, and prices in Las Vegas were flat.

Blitzer said more cities have to post price increases before he will be
convinced values have finally stabilized and turned the corner.

Overall, prices are down 2.6% from March 2011 based on the latest reading of the
20-city S&P Case-Shiller HPI.

- Brian Collins

Treasury Change on Seconds Could Boost Short Sales

The Treasury Department's decision to raise the amount servicers can pay second
mortgage holders for a lien release should give its short sales program a boost,
according to an industry expert.

Second-lien holders can veto any short sale so Treasury raised the buyout limit
by $2,500 to $8,500 in March along with other improvements to its Home
Affordable Foreclosure Alternatives program.

"HAFA is really a nice program at this point," said Travis Olsen, co-president
of Loan Resolution Corp.

Since its roll out in the spring of 2010, servicers have completed 40,000 HAFA
short sales. However, "the numbers have picked up a lot in the last year," Olsen
told National Mortgage News.

With the increase in the second lien payoff limit, Olsen sees much more HAFA
activity coming down the road.

"I can see numbers doubling from 40,000 to 80,000 in closed short sales in a
year," Olsen said.

- Brian Collins

Carrington East Coast Wholesale Manager Departs

Ken Ferrari recently parted ways with Carrington Mortgage Services where he
served as vice president of the firm's Eastern division. Ferrari is based in the
Greater New York area.

An official from Carrington said his position was eliminated as part of a
business restructuring with his duties being reassigned to an East Coast sales
manager.

During his career Ferrari has worked in executive positions at Darien Rowayton
Bank and First Magnus.

- Paul Muolo

URL: http://www.nationalmortgagenews.com//

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NMN


                        Copyright 2012 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              67 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                             August 13, 2007 Monday

The truth about election fraud

BYLINE: By Tom Spencer

SECTION: BREAKING; Opinion; Columnists

LENGTH: 708 words


Recent investigations should silence critics who say that election fraud is
non-existent or a bogeyman for those intent on vote suppression.

A few weeks ago, Washington state officials charged seven former ACORN workers -
a group supposedly dedicated to encouraging voter participation -with what
prosecutors called "the worst case of voter-registration fraud in the history of
the state of Washington."

In Alabama, officials charged a former congressional candidate in July with
arranging fraudulent voting in nursing homes. In April, Harris County, Texas
officials received more than 50 fraudulent voter applications. The applications
listed the same nonexistent Houston address and were mailed from El Paso, more
than 700 miles away.

In Wisconsin, elections have even involved attempts to bribe with cigarettes
homeless people to vote and the mentally incompetent with popcorn parties.
Canvassing results showed more votes were cast than eligible registered voters
in Milwaukee.

In 2005, the Commission on Federal Election Reform, led by former President
Jimmy Carter, reported that the U.S. Department of Justice had conducted more
than 180 investigations into election fraud since 2002. Federal prosecutors had
charged 89 individuals, and convicted 52, for election fraud offenses including
falsifying voter registration information and vote buying.

The report stated, "The best way to maintain ballot integrity is to investigate
all credible allegations of electoral fraud and otherwise prevent fraud before
it can affect an election."

John Fund, in his carefully researched book "Stealing Elections," documented the
many methods used by groups to tilt elections unlawfully and rob the voters'
franchise. His book described how some groups use intimidation and bribery to
influence voters, and take advantage of the sick and elderly. Some criminals
actually steal absentee ballots and forge the names of the registered voters.
The book also describes "ghost voters," individuals who appear on the voter
rolls illegally, registered by groups such as ACORN, who then cast ballots.

Since voter fraud is a problem that is well documented, why are concerned public
officials and citizens not doing more to fight it? Why have some politicians and
groups labeled efforts to combat election fraud "voter intimidation" or
"discouraging people to vote"? Unfortunately, partisanship and ideology cause a
few to hide their heads in the sand on this subject. Others argue that election
fraud is too difficult to prosecute, or should be a low priority for federal and
state attorneys general, because it is a victimless and non-violent crime.

The integrity of our democratic system should not be compromised simply because
combating election fraud is difficult to prosecute or may harm candidates or
parties with whom the fraudsters are associated.

Election fraud is not a victimless crime. Election fraud diminishes and
marginalizes the votes of voters who take the time and effort to get to a
polling place on Election Day. It diminishes and undermines the legitimacy of
the election process and elected officials, whether or not the particular
election was tainted.

Election fraud cannot be fought solely through formal investigations and
prosecutions. It requires preventive efforts through educating those involved in
the political process, adopting reasonable anti-fraud rules and election
administration procedures, and encouraging all qualified, eligible voters to
vote.

The Republican National Lawyers Association leads the effort to educate and
train lawyers who along with every citizen must do all they can to prevent
election fraud. RNLA seminars provide a forum where real problems and practical
solutions are discussed and participants are equipped with successful tools to
combat fraud.

Central to RNLA's efforts is the principle that the right to vote is a
foundation of our electoral democracy, and to deny it through fraud or outright
theft diminishes our constitutional right of self-governance and the freedoms
that all of us as Americans expect and seek to enjoy.

---

ABOUT THE WRITER

Tom Spencer of Coral Gables, Fla., is vice chair for the Republican National
Lawyers Association, http://www.rnla.org . Readers may send him e-mail at
trsmiami@aol.com .

LOAD-DATE: August 14, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              68 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Day (New London, Connecticut)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 12, 2011 Tuesday

Four convicted in massive mortgage fraud

BYLINE: Lee Howard, The Day, New London, Conn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 315 words


April 12--HARTFORD -- Four defendants in a massive mortgage-fraud scheme
centered in New London were found guilty today by a U.S. District Court jury
after four days of deliberations.

Among those found guilty were 47-year-old Waterford painting contractor Rab
Nawaz, convicted on one count of conspiracy to defraud the United States, eight
counts of wire fraud and one count of obstruction of justice. Former Pfizer Inc.
scientist Wendy Werner, 46, who listed an address in New London on loan
documents but now lives in Sarasota, Fla., was also convicted, on one conspiracy
count and one count of mail fraud.

Others found guilty included 82-year-old Morris Olmer of New Haven, a former
attorney and one-time state representative, who was convicted of one conspiracy
count, eight counts of wire fraud and four counts of making a false statement.
Home seller Marshall Asmar, 40, of Milford was convicted of one conspiracy
count, three counts of wire fraud and three counts of making a false statement.

The jury could not decide on the guilt or innocence of attorney David Avigdor,
57, of New Haven, a prominent rabbi.

The mortgage scam, masterminded by Syed A. "Ali" Babar of New London, involved
dozens of properties throughout Connecticut. Loans for the various properties,
including those in Norwich, Groton and New London, amounted to more than $10
million, of which an estimated $3 million was lost through inflated appraisals
and so-called straw buyers -- purchasers in name only -- who conspired to walk
away from the homes almost as soon as the closings were held.

To see more of The Day, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.theday.com. Copyright (c) 2011, The Day, New London, Conn.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110412-NL-Four-convicted-in-massive-mortgage-fraud-0412-20110412

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NL


                             Copyright 2011 The Day


                              69 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Origination News

                                  October 2013

Interthinx: Property Valuation Fraud Risk Down 4% in 2Q13

BYLINE: Evan Nemeroff

SECTION: SPECIAL REPORT: ENSURING ACCURATE APPRAISALS; Pg. 26 Vol. 23 No. 1

LENGTH: 694  words


Among the four fraud risk indices Interthinx tracks-property valuation,
identity, occupancy and employment/income-the only type-specific fraud that saw
a decrease in 2Q13 from the previous quarter was property valuation.

However, the company warns the opportunity for this type of fraud is rising as
home values go up as well.

According to the second quarter Mortgage Fraud Risk Report released by
Interthinx, the likelihood for fraudulent activity to occur throughout the
country rose on a quarterly and yearly basis. Overall, the Agoura Hills,
Calif.-based risk mitigation provider said the index value is 104 in 2Q13, up 4%
from the previous quarter and a year ago.

Ann Fulmer, vice president of industry relations at Interthinx, said even though
fraud risk is increasing now, it is still nowhere near historic levels that were
evident during the housing boom when the index values in many cities was around
400.

"Lenders have done a good job cracking down on fraud," Fulmer told Origination
News in an interview. "There's a lot more awareness now too, which has helped
because during the boom, people didn't talk about fraud the same way we talk
about it now. But the industry has learned a lot of hard lessons and is now
doing better for it."

Through the second quarter, the property valuation index is at 105, a 4% drop
from the first quarter. Property valuation fraud is perpetrated by manipulating
property value to create "equity" which is then extracted from loan proceeds by
various means.

Fulmer said property valuation fraud is occurring most in markets that have a
high volume of distressed housing units. The report showed that Dayton holds the
top spot for property valuation fraud risk, with an index value of 199, followed
by Fayetteville, Ark., at 183 and then Fort Myers, Fla., has a mark of 174.

"Rising home prices means fraud is easier to commit," Fulmer said. "Lenders need
to make sure their watching what kind of loans are being underwritten, as well
as what they look like when they are reviewed and ultimately how they perform
over time."

Meanwhile, all the other three indices increased from the first quarter.
Identity fraud risk was up 7% and has an index of 91. Occupancy fraud risk index
is now 126, a 10% uptick on a quarterly basis, while employment/income rose by
2% with a mark of 92.

With a mortgage fraud risk index value of 132, Nevada displaced California as
the state with the highest potential for mortgage fraud activity. Interthinx
said California remains in the second spot, with Washington D.C., Florida and
Illinois rounding out the top five, respectively.

Despite being the second riskiest state for mortgage fraud, California contains
four of the top ten worst ZIP codes for possible suspicious scams. The Golden
State also features six of the overall riskiest metropolitan statistical areas,
five of the riskiest MSAs for the potential of identity fraud, and the entire
top ten MSA list for employment/income fraud risk.

Interthinx is also warning lenders to be wary that as interest rates and home
prices rise in many markets-with wages remaining stable-the demand for
adjustable rate mortgages will likely increase among borrowers.

Currently, for all fraud risk types, Interthinx said index values are much
higher in adjustable-rate mortgages than in fixed-rate mortgages, which carries
a significantly greater opportunity for fraud risk. Fulmer noted that ARMs are
"very attractive" for those that are planning to move in the next three years
and are becoming more popular as a way to reduce mortgage payments.

Therefore, she said lenders need to do proper due diligence to prevent fraud and
scrutinize all loans to make sure the data is accurate.

"One of the lessons that we need to learn is that if you don't crack down on
fraudulent conduct in the beginning, it can snowball completely out of control.
That's pretty much what happened during the boom," Fulmer added.

"We need to do our homework on the property and the borrower and pay attention
to who the sellers are. As we move to a purchase market, banks also need a staff
that is trained to analyze their data properly to limit any vulnerability in
their loans," she said.

URL: http://www.originationnews.com/

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter

JOURNAL-CODE: ON


                        Copyright 2013 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              70 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                           Crain's Cleveland Business

                              May 6, 2002, Monday

Local dentist taking a bite out of crime

BYLINE: DEANNA BOTTAR

SECTION: Pg. 22

LENGTH: 700 words


Dr. Donald P. Lewis Jr.'s passion for preventing white-collar crime has taken
him on quite a ride - from Orlando, Fla., to Fairbanks, Alaska, and from Bermuda
to Hawaii three times over.

Ironic because the Cleveland dentist and oral surgeon turned traveling lecturer
and author admits he never was the sleuth type. He always considered himself to
be the trusting sort. Still does. But he learned to temper that with security
smarts after discovering nine years ago that a trusted employee stole from his
practice.

And he recently took his interest in fraud to a new level by earning the
certified fraud examiner designation from the Association of Certified Fraud
Examiners, an international fraud-fighting organization based in Austin, Texas.

Dr. Lewis is only one of two dentists among the organization's 25,000 members,
but he contends fraud-savvy training should be just as important in the health
care field as it is to the accountants, attorneys and law enforcement workers
who typically seek the designation.

''I want this topic to touch as many people in as many different professions as
possible,'' he said.

To that end, Dr. Lewis plans to continue consulting and lecturing as sidelines
to his full-time dental practice. He said he frequently receives telephone calls
and letters from people who have attended his lectures and are seeking input
from him about their own theft or fraud situations. This made becoming a
certified fraud examiner a logical move, he said.

''The majority of the people I get the calls from are physicians and dentists,
but it's expanded,'' he said. ''I get calls from accountants representing their
clients in the health care profession.''

He also is in the process of finishing his second book, ''A Road Map to
Financial Security in the Dental Practice,'' which follows his first, ''Employee
Embezzlement and Fraud in the Dental Office: Scams, Schemes and Broken Dreams.''
He has plans for a third book that will broaden his scope to include small
business owners outside the health care realm.

To earn the certified fraud examiner designation, Dr. Lewis passed a lengthy
exam and will undergo continual training.

''When I give my seminars, I always say, 'This lecture has been spawned by a
true-life story,''' Dr. Lewis said. ''Unfortunately, it was my own.''

In 1993, Dr. Lewis discovered that over a more than three-year period, an
employee stole ''a significant amount of money, in the high five figures'' from
his oral and maxillofacial surgery practice. The investigation, prosecution and
recovery process prompted Dr. Lewis to evaluate and renovate his business
practices.

''There were some questions in my mind about how this really happened,'' he
said. ''I knew how she did it, but I wondered why it happened. I wanted to know
more the psychology part of it, wanting to know what kind of person could do
this and for what reason - issues such as if she did it one way, there must be a
multitude of other ways it could happen.

''I realized I was not the only one that this had happened to or it would happen
to,'' Dr. Lewis said.

That's when Dr. Lewis began to speak publicly about the incident and ways to
detect and prevent what the Association of Certified Fraud Examiners terms
''occupational fraud'' - asset misappropriations, corruption or fraudulent
statements.

According to the association's ''2002 Report to the Nation,'' a study of 663
occupational fraud cases that caused more than $7 billion in losses, certified
fraud examiners estimate occupational fraud and abuse cause a loss of 6% of the
U.S. Gross Domestic Product, or about $600 billion.

Dr. Jerold Goldberg, dean of the Case Western Reserve University School of
Dentistry, said it is difficult to quantify the monetary loss of occupational
fraud activity within health care but it is a serious concern.

''An indication of (fraud's) prevalence is the fact that Don has been for
several years now lecturing to large groups of dentists many times a year on the
subject,'' Dr. Goldberg said. ''So my guess is that with the number of people in
the profession who have an interest in this and come to those lectures,'' it's a
pertinent concern.

LOAD-DATE: May 07, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 2002 Crain Communications, Inc.


                              71 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                             April 3, 2008 Thursday

National And International Report / ATA Airlines in bankruptcy, stranding
thousands of fliers

BYLINE: Pioneer Press

SECTION: BUSINESS; Intl Biz Briefing

LENGTH: 593 words


ATA Airlines shut down operations and stranded thousands of travelers Thursday
when an unexpected loss of key charter flights and soaring fuel costs forced the
carrier into bankruptcy. Once the nation's 10th-largest air carrier, ATA entered
bankruptcy for the second time in just over three years. The company had more
than 2,200 employees, and "virtually all" were told their jobs were gone,
company spokesman Michael Freitag said.

Many passengers learned of the collapse at ticket counters, where advisories
were posted in the handful of cities ATA still served. About 10,000 passengers
flew ATA each day when operations were shut down, according to the airline. The
airline did not serve Minneapolis-St. Paul International Airport. Mortgage fraud
reports up 42% last year

Reports of suspected mortgage fraud rose 42 percent last year as banks became
more leery of lies on loan applications. The Treasury Department's Financial
Crimes Enforcement Network said Thursday that there were 52,868 reports for
mortgage fraud in 2007, up from 37,313 a year earlier. Mortgage fraud reports
were the third-most common type of suspicious activity. Banks and other
financial institutions are required to alert the government of fishy financial
transactions such as money laundering or check fraud.

The most common type of mortgage fraud was misrepresentation of income or
assets, followed by forged documents, misrepresentation of a borrowers' intent
to occupy a property as a primary residence, occupancy fraud and inflated
appraisals, the government said in an analysis of the report.One-third of
domestic flights late in Feb.

Nearly a third of domestic flights failed to arrive on time in February,
continuing a period of historically poor performance for an airline industry
plagued by safety concerns and pinched by fuel costs.

More than 31 percent of commercial flights in the U.S. arrived late, were
canceled or diverted in February, according to Transportation Department data
released Thursday. American Eagle Airlines, which operates regional flights for
American Airlines, had the worst February, with more than 39 percent of its
flights delayed by at least 15 minutes. JetBlue's evening flight from Newark,
N.J., to Fort Lauderdale, Fla., was the worst individual performer, arriving an
average of 69 minutes late every time it took off.

Briefly National

Auto-parts maker Delphi Corp. faces a deadline today to get the loans it needs
to exit bankruptcy. Delphi needs to secure $6.1 billion in exit financing to
meet the requirements of a plan by investors to invest as much as $2.55 billion
in the reorganized company. ... Boeing Co. delivered 115 commercial airplanes in
the first quarter, up 8 percent from a year ago. ... Liberty Media Corp. said
Thursday it has purchased 78.3 million shares of DirecTV to increase its stake
in the satellite television provider to 48 percent. ... ConocoPhillips warned
Thursday that higher crude prices significantly squeezed refining margins in the
first quarter. ... Starbucks baristas in New York City are the latest to file a
lawsuit alleging the coffeehouse chain improperly shared their tips with shift
supervisors. The lawsuit claims Starbucks owes at least $5 million to more than
2,000 workers. Similar suits have been filed around the nation, including one in
Minnesota.

Briefly International

Alitalia edged closer to bankruptcy protection Thursday after Air France-KLM
abruptly broke off talks to buy the struggling Italian airline and Alitalia's
chairman of seven months resigned in frustration.

-- From wire reports

LOAD-DATE: April 4, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2008 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              72 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Muskogee Phoenix (Oklahoma)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           November 8, 2012 Thursday

Adoption fraud case enhanced

BYLINE: Wendy Burton, Muskogee Phoenix, Okla.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 338 words


Nov. 08--A Muskogee woman who was already charged with defrauding couples hoping
to adopt a nonexistent baby has now been charged with wire and mail fraud.

A federal grand jury handed down 22 counts of wire fraud and one count of mail
fraud Wednesday against Davanna Deamber Dotson, 21.

Dotson is accused of contacting individual families looking to adopt a child or
adoption agencies and claiming she had a baby she wanted to place for adoption,
according to the indictment.

Dotson was charged in Muskogee County District Court in September 2011 with
eight counts of obtaining money by false pretenses for allegedly taking money
from parents hoping to adopt a baby. She was then charged with another count
Oct. 2.

Dotson is in the Muskogee County/City Detention Facility without bond, according
to court records.

Her scheme involved families and agencies in Alabama, Arkansas, Illinois,
Louisiana, Ohio, Oklahoma, Virginia and Texas.

She allegedly received amounts as little as $8 and as much as $442.50 from the
families and agencies.

Sometimes, Dotson would say she already had a baby, and other times she would
say she was pregnant, the indictment states.

She allegedly would tell the families or agencies she lived in the same state as
they did, then say she was stranded in Oklahoma and needed money to get home and
bring them the baby, or for food, diapers or gas.

The indictment lists 11 people, by initials only, who sent money to Dotson
either by Western Union, through a bank transfer, through Green Dot cards or
Money Gram.

Dotson returns to Muskogee County District Court for a jury trial on the
September case Jan. 18, and she is scheduled for a preliminary hearing in the
Oct. 2 case on Jan. 3.

If convicted of the federal charges, Dotson faces up to 20 years imprisonment
and/or up to a $250,000 fine.

Reach Wendy Burton at (918) 684-2926 or wburton@muskogeephoenix.com

___ (c)2012 the Muskogee Phoenix (Muskogee, Okla.) Visit the Muskogee Phoenix
(Muskogee, Okla.) at muskogeephoenix.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: November 8, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20121108-XK-Adoption-fraud-case-enhanced-1108-20121108

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: XK


                        Copyright 2012 Muskogee Phoenix


                              73 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 8, 2015 Tuesday

New York Woman Convicted of Mortgage Office Burglary and Fraud Scheme

LENGTH: 518 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Office for the United States Attorneys, Eastern District of Virginia has issued
the following news release:




 NEWPORT NEWS, Va. - Anika N. Greene, 42, of Bronx, New York, was convicted
today by a federal jury on charges of conspiracy to commit bank and wire fraud,
bank fraud, wire fraud, access device fraud and three counts of aggravated
identity theft.


 Green was charged in a superseding indicted on July 15, 2014. According to
court records and evidence presented at trial, Greene and three other
individuals, Jeffrey Washington, Alice Howard, and Catya J. Craig, burglarized
Wells Fargo mortgage offices throughout New York, New Jersey, Connecticut and
Maryland in 2012 and 2013. The defendants stole over 1,800 mortgage files that
were then used in a variety of bank customer impersonation and retail credit
fraud schemes, targeting various banks and retailers. Washington recruited
individuals to go into banks, impersonate customers and remove funds via setting
up business accounts and transferring funds from the accounts of bank customers.
Washington and other defendants, including Greene, traveled from New York to the
Eastern District of Virginia on multiple occasions throughout 2012 and 2013.
 Green faces a maximum penalty of 30 years in prison for the conspiracy to
commit bank and wire fraud, and bank fraud convictions; 20 years on the wire
fraud conviction; 10 years on the access device fraud conviction; and 24 months
consecutive to all other counts on each of the aggravated identity convictions.
Green will be sentenced on December 3, 2015.  The maximum statutory sentence is
prescribed by Congress and is provided here for informational purposes, as the
sentencing of the defendant will be determined by the court based on the
advisory Sentencing Guidelines and other statutory factors.
 Washington pleaded guilty to conspiracy to commit bank fraud and aggravated
identity theft for which he was sentenced to 176 months in prison. Craig pleaded
guilty to conspiracy to commit bank fraud and was sentenced to 21 months in
prison. Howard pleaded guilty to conspiracy to commit bank fraud and aggravated
identity theft and was sentenced to 65 months in prison.
 Dana J. Boente, U.S. Attorney for the Eastern District of Virginia; Kathy A.
Michalko, Special Agent in Charge of the U.S. Secret Service's Washington Field
Office; David G. Bowers, Inspector in Charge of the Washington Division of the
U.S. Postal Inspection Service; and Richard W. Myers, Chief of Newport News
Police, made the announcement after the verdict was accepted by U.S. District
Judge Arenda L. Wright Allen. Assistant U.S. Attorneys Brian J. Samuels and
Kaitlin C. Gratton prosecuted the case.
 A copy of this press release may be found on the website of the U.S. Attorney's
Office for the Eastern District of Virginia.  Related court documents and
information may be found on the website of the District Court for the Eastern
District of Virginia or on PACER by searching for Case No. 4:14-cr-32.


 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              74 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Accounting Today

                                August 16, 2010

Assurance News

SECTION: ASSURANCE; Pg. 13 Vol. 24 No. 10

LENGTH: 322  words


GASB LOOKS TO IMPROVE PENSION STANDARDS

Norwalk, Conn. - The Governmental Accounting Standards Board has issued a
document outlining its preliminary views on how to improve pension accounting
and financial reporting by government employers. The approach presented in the
preliminary views would move governmental pension accounting and reporting away
from the funding orientation that now exists, and instead introduce recognition
and measurement standards that would be based on GASB's conceptual framework,
including information that would help financial statement users better assess
the degree to which inter-period equity has been achieved.

The document is available for download at www.gasb.org. The deadline for
submitting comments is Sept. 17, 2010. GASB will host public hearings on the
issue in Dallas, San Francisco and New York in mid-October.

FRAUD COSTS COMPANIES AN AVERAGE OF $105K

Austin, Texas - The median fraud loss for U.S. organizations is $105,000,
according to a new study by the Association of Certified Fraud Examiners, with
billing and corruption schemes the most common types of fraud reported.

Among the 1,021 U.S. cases in the study, the median fraud loss was $105,000.
Billing schemes were present in 27.6 percent of these cases, while corruption
was reported in 21.9 percent. While 46.2 percent of U.S. frauds in the study
were committed by lower-level employees who caused a median fraud loss of
$50,000, it was the 17.1 percent of frauds committed by owners and executives
that did the most damage, with a median loss of $485,000. Another 36.7 percent
of frauds committed by managers had a median loss of $150,000.

Anonymous fraud hotlines have made a major impact, with 37.8 percent of the U.S.
frauds in the study detected through tips. Management review detected 17.1
percent, and internal audit detected 13.7 percent of the frauds.

The "2010 Report to the Nations" is available online at www.acfe.com/rttn.

URL: http://www.webcpa.com/

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ACT


                        Copyright 2010 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              75 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                August 31, 1986, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

C. H. Butcher Cleared Of U.S. Fraud Charges

BYLINE: UPI

SECTION: Section 1; Part 1, Page 34, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 166 words

DATELINE: CHATTANOOGA, Tenn., Aug. 30


The former banker C. H. Butcher Jr. was found not guilty today of defrauding
depositors in a savings institution that collapsed in 1983.

Mr. Butcher, 49 years old, the younger brother of the convicted bank-fraud felon
Jake Butcher, and an associate, James Steiner, 44, were acquitted in Federal
court on 25 counts of securities fraud, mail fraud and wire fraud by a jury that
deliberated more than 15 hours over three days.

The two men were accused of defrauding depositors in the Southern Industrial
Banking Corporation, an uninsured financial institution that filed for
bankruptcy protection three weeks after the failure of Jake Butcher's United
American Bank of Knoxville.

Jake Butcher, a banker and politician in Tennessee, is now serving a 20-year
sentence in Federal prison for bank fraud and income tax fraud.

C. H. Butcher Jr. still faces scores of Federal fraud charges related to
Southern Industrial and will remain a prisoner because he has been deemed a risk
to jump bond.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company


                              76 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                            December 18, 2015 Friday

Two Men Indicted on Federal Charges in $45 Million Mortgage Fraud Conspiracy

LENGTH: 372  words


COLUMBIA, SCUnited States Attorney Bill Nettles announced today an indictment
charging George L. Turner, Jr., 41, of Ladson, South Carolina and Clayton G.
Wickersham, age 34, of Summerville, South Carolina, with Conspiracy to Commit
Mail Fraud, Wire Fraud, and Bank Fraud, in violation of Title 18, United States
Code, Section 1349. Turner and Wickersham are each facing a maximum of 30 years
imprisonment and/or a $1,000,000 fine and five years of supervised release.

The indictment stems from an ongoing investigation into allegations the
defendants were involved in a mortgage fraud conspiracy based out of real estate
and mortgage businesses located in Summerville. The indictment alleges the
scheme involved more than 70 properties, approximately $45 million of mortgage
loans, and a loss of more than $23 million suffered by financial institutions.
The indictment further alleges that the properties were located in Charleston,
Johns Island, Ladson, Mount Pleasant, Summerville, Edisto Island, St. Helena
Island, Garden City, Murrells Inlet, Myrtle Beach, North Myrtle Beach, Lake
Keowee, and Tybee Island, Georgia.

Three other defendants previously pleaded guilty in connection with the scheme
and are awaiting sentencing. Scott M. Wickersham, 36, of Summerville, pleaded
guilty to one count of Conspiracy to Commit Mail Fraud, Wire Fraud, and Bank
Fraud, in violation of Title 18, United States Code, Section 1349, and two
counts of Willfully Making and Subscribing a False Tax Return, in violation of
Title 26, United States Code, Section 7206(1). Steven F. Weiss, 66, of Virginia,
and Kelly Martin, 34, of Moncks Corner, each pleaded guilty to one count of
Conspiracy to Commit Mail Fraud, Wire Fraud, and Bank Fraud, in violation of
Title 18, United States Code, Section 371.

The Indictment is the result of an investigation conducted by the Federal Bureau
of Investigation (FBI) and the Internal Revenue Service-Criminal Investigation
(IRS-CI). Assistant United States Attorney Dean H. Secor of the Charleston
office is prosecuting the case.

Mr. Nettles stated that the charges in this Indictment are merely accusations
and that the defendants are presumed innocent until and unless proven guilty.
2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              77 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 14, 2015 Tuesday

Arizona: Last Two Defendants Sentenced in Bakersfield Mortgage Fraud Scheme

LENGTH: 415  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Justice has issued the following news releae:

FRESNO, CA--Evelyn Brigget Sanchez, 32, and Darling Arlette Montalvo, 34, both
of Bakersfield, were sentenced today to two years in prison each for their
involvement in a mortgage fraud scheme that ran from October 2005 to May 2007,
United States Attorney Benjamin B. Wagner announced. Sanchez and Montalvo were
convicted at trial of conspiracy to commit mail fraud, wire fraud, and bank
fraud. Sanchez was also convicted of 11 counts of mail fraud, and Montalvo was
also convicted of 10 counts of mail fraud and one count of money laundering.

According to court documents, between October 2005 and May 2007, Sanchez and
Montalvo conspired with co-defendants Eric Hernandez, Monica Hernandez, and
Patricia King to defraud mortgage lenders by submitting false loan applications
and fraudulent supporting documentation, causing the lenders to fund mortgage
loans for the defendants' benefit on the basis of false and misleading
information. During this time, Eric Hernandez and Evelyn Sanchez were employed
at mortgage brokerages in Bakersfield. The defendants submitted loan
applications to lenders that included material misstatements concerning the
borrowers' income, assets, and employment, and false statements concerning the
borrowers' intent to reside in the properties as owner-occupiers, among other
false statements. The defendants also fabricated false supporting documentation
and submitted it to lenders in support of the loan applications.

The court also ordered the defendants to pay forfeiture money judgments to the
United States in the amounts of $1,412,100 for Sanchez and $1,017,100 for
Montalvo. The court set a further hearing on June 22, 2015 to determine the
restitution amounts owed to victims of the crime.

Eric Hernandez, Monica Hernandez, and Patricia King previously pleaded guilty
and were sentenced for their roles in the scheme. Eric Hernandez was sentenced
on Sept. 16, 2013, to 10 years and 10 months in prison. King was sentenced on
April 23, 2012, to three years and one month in prison. Monica Hernandez was
sentenced on January 5, 2015, to one year in prison.

This case is the product of an investigation by the Internal Revenue Service -
Criminal Investigation and the Federal Bureau of Investigation. Assistant U.S.
Attorneys Kirk Sherriff and Henry Carbajal III prosecuted the case.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              78 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Patriot Ledger (Quincy, MA)

                            October 15, 2010 Friday
                                  ROP Edition

BUSINESS IN BRIEF

BYLINE:

Patriot Ledger staff

SECTION: Business; pg. 23

LENGTH: 480 words


Boston Bank manager charged with mortgage fraud

BOSTON - A former Bank of America branch manager from Mattapan was charged by
federal prosecutors in connection with a multi-year mortgage fraud scheme in
Dorchester and Roxbury. Arthur Samuels, 36, faces an indictment with six counts
of wire fraud and one count of bank fraud. The indictment in Boston federal
court alleges that Samuels and others helped developer Michael David Scott set
up straw buyers to buy units in multi-family buildings. Prosecutors say the
straw buyers' financing was obtained by submitting mortgage loan applications
with false information. Samuels is accused of acting as one of the straw buyers
in three property deals.

Indian conglomerate gives $50M to Harvard Business school

BOSTON - India's Tata Group has donated $50 million to Harvard Business School
that will fund a new academic and residential building on the Harvard Business
School campus in Boston. The school plans to break ground for the building,
which will be named Tata Hall, next spring. Tata Group chairman Ratan Tata
attended the school's advanced management program in 1975. The gift from the
Tata conglomerate is the largest contribution from an international donor in the
school's 102-year history.

Uno opens two new fast-causal eateries

BOSTON - Two new franchised Uno Dué Go restaurants have opened at Cleveland
State University and University of Wisconsin-Whitewater. The concept is a
fast-casual format developed by Uno Restaurant Holdings Corp. of West Roxbury,
and includes new features such as a slider bar with five miniature sandwich
varieties. The two new locations are owned by the Compass Group, a Charlotte,
N.C.-based food services company. Two other units opened in 2008 at Dallas Fort
Worth International Airport.

Ocean Spray, Martha Stewart to break bread to fight hunger

LAKEVILLE - TV show host Martha Stewart will join 45 New York City students for
a Thanksgiving-themed meal at Rockefeller Center on Tuesday. Lakeville-based
Ocean Spray is hosting the event with Stewart to kick off Ocean Spray's
"Families Feeding Families" campaign to raise awareness about childhood hunger.
The event is held in conjunction with the cooperative's "Big Apple Bog," a
1,500-square-foot, free-standing cranberry bog built at Rockefeller Center in
Manhattan.

Norwell company to build new school

NORWELL - Acella Construction of Norwell has been hired by Community Nursery
School in Lexington to build a new school at the school's current two-acre site
at 2325 Massachusetts Ave. The $1.2 million project is scheduled to be done in
time for next fall.

Film manufacturer to create 100 new jobs

PROVIDENCE - Thin-film manufacturer Umicore is expanding its Providence factory
and creating at least 100 new jobs, according to Providence Business News. The
Belgian company employs about 540 people in the U.S., including about 80 in
Providence.

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 The Patriot Ledger


                              79 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 23, 2016 Friday

New York: IRS Revenue Officer Pleads Guilty To Mail And Wire Fraud, Filing And
Preparing False Tax Returns, And Perjury

LENGTH: 585  words

DATELINE: New York



 Albany: Department of Justice,The New York State has issued the following news
release:



  This afternoon, at the federal courthouse in Brooklyn, James C. Brewer, a
Revenue Officer of the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) who had been assigned to
the Edison, New Jersey, IRS office before his arrest, pled guilty to 12 counts
of filing or preparing false tax returns, 12 counts of wire fraud, and one count
of mail fraud, all in connection with a multi-year scheme to falsify his tax
returns and the tax returns of others and to enrich himself with inflated
refunds.  Brewer also pled guilty to committing perjury in United States Tax
Court in 2012.





 At sentencing, Brewer faces a maximum term of 20 years' imprisonment on each
wire fraud and mail fraud count, a maximum of three years' imprisonment on each
tax fraud count, and a maximum of five years' imprisonment on the perjury count.
As part of his plea agreement, Brewer agreed to make restitution to the IRS of
over $70,000, plus interest and penalties, and he is subject to fines as well.



 The plea was announced by Robert L. Capers, United States Attorney for the
Eastern District of New York, Jonathan D. Larsen, Special Agent-in-Charge,
Internal Revenue Service-Criminal Investigation (IRS-CI), Newark Field Office,
and Rodney A. Davis, Special Agent-in-Charge, Treasury Inspector General for Tax
Administration (TIGTA), Washington Field Division.  In announcing the guilty
plea, Mr. Capers expressed his grateful appreciation to the United States
Attorney's Office for the District of New Jersey, the United States Attorney's
Office for the District of Nevada, IRS-CI, Las Vegas Field Office, and the
Treasury Inspector General for TIGTA, Denver Field Division, for their
assistance in this case.



 According to court filings and statements made during the guilty plea, as part
of a scheme to fraudulently reduce his taxable income and increase his tax
refunds, Brewer failed to report any income he received for an unauthorized tax
preparation business, underreported the gross receipts earned from an Internet
retail business, and claimed false dependents on federal tax returns he prepared
and filed on his behalf for three tax years.  Brewer also engaged in a
multi-year scheme in which he prepared and filed false tax returns for others.
Brewer listed false dependents and false deductions on these returns, among
other materially false information, in order to cause his clients to receive
refunds to which they were otherwise not entitled or fraudulently inflate their
refunds.  In doing so, Brewer listed the names and social security numbers of
various individuals on those tax returns as dependents without those
individuals' authorization.  Brewer also diverted a portion of those clients'
refunds to himself, in some cases without the clients' authorization or
knowledge.  Finally, in an effort to fraudulently obtain for himself a tax
credit for first time homebuyers, Brewer lied under oath about his residency
when he testified in a matter in the United States Tax Court in New York, New
York.



 The guilty plea was entered before the Hon. Pamela K. Chen at the United States
District Court for the Eastern District of New York.



 The government's case is being handled by the Office's Public Integrity
Section.  Assistant United States Attorneys Tali Farhadian and Moira Kim Penza
are in charge of the prosecution.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              80 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  March 28, 1993, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

Federal Agency on Medical Fraud Plans Cutbacks

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section 1; Page 28; Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 501 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, March 27


The Federal agency that polices medical fraud plans to close its offices in nine
states and to abandon more than 1,000 investigations in a reduction forced by
budget cuts.

The Office of Investigation, the fraud-fighting branch of the Department of
Health and Human Services, also said in an announcement on Friday that it would
"open no new cases except under highly unusual circumstances" in 14 of the least
populated states.

The agency said it planned to give highest priority to hospital fraud cases,
while giving low priority to violations like doctors' overcharging patients.

It said it would leave Medicaid fraud investigations almost entirely to the 41
states with Medicaid fraud units of their own.

The cuts come as a White House task force headed by Hillary Rodham Clinton is
studying ways to curb health costs and extend coverage to all Americans. When
President Clinton spoke to Congress last month about his plan to overhaul the
nation's health-care system, he vowed to try "to root out fraud and
overcharges."

A memorandum on cutbacks released this week by the Office of Investigations,
which is part of the inspector general's office at the health department, said,
"These drastic changes will entail some risks, particularly if individual cases
of wide notoriety suddenly erupt" where the unit was no longer active.

Agency officials are apparently hoping publicity about the cutbacks will lead
Congress or the White House to come up with more money.

The agency recovered $70 million last year, down from $87 million in 1991.

The agency's staff was expanded and its powers were strengthened in the late
1980's when doctors became subject to criminal penalties for accepting kickbacks
under Medicare and Medicaid. But the agency has had a hiring freeze since 1991,
and its staff has slipped to 390 from 460. In addition, Mr. Clinton has not
named an inspector general at the health department.

Giving Up on Cases

The agency normally has 9,000 cases under investigation. In the last six months,
it has already given up on 1,500 cases from regional offices in Los Angeles and
Kansas City, Mo., said a spokeswoman, Judy Holtz. It plans to cut its cases by
at least 15 percent, especially by eliminating those more than 2 years old, she
said.

It will also reduce cases to a minimum and open no new cases except under highly
unusual circumstances in Alaska, Hawaii, Idaho, Maine, Montana, New Hampshire,
North Dakota, Rhode Island, South Carolina, South Dakota, Utah, Vermont, West
Virginia and Wyoming.

By the end of this year, the agency will close its offices in Salt Lake City;
Albuquerque, N.M.; Columbia, S.C.; Concord, N.H.; Portland, Me.; Providence,
R.I., and Tallahassee, Fla., the memorandum said.

By Sept. 30, 1994, it will also close offices in Grand Rapids, Mich.; Madison,
Wis., and Halo Rey, P.R.

Those closings would reduce the number of agency offices to 47. The memorandum
also said the agency expected to merge some of its eight regional offices.

LOAD-DATE: March 28, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1993 The New York Times Company


                              81 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            July 23, 2014 Wednesday

Washington: Two Men Indicted in Multi-Million-Dollar Mortgage Fraud Scheme

LENGTH: 1244  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

Edward Dacy, 76, of West Melbourne, Fla., and A. Conrad Austin, 49, of Bowie,
Md., have been indicted on conspiracy, bank fraud, and other federal charges
stemming from a multi-million-dollar mortgage fraud scheme in which they are
accused of assisting their co-conspirators to defraud banks and mortgage lenders
through the purchase of residential real estate in the District of Columbia and
Maryland.

The indictment, unsealed today in the U.S. District Court for the District of
Columbia, was announced by U.S. Attorney Ronald C. Machen Jr.; Michael P.
Tompkins, Special Agent in Charge, Washington Field Office, Department of
Justice Office of the Inspector General; Valerie Parlave, Assistant Director in
Charge of the FBI's Washington Field Office; Kathy A. Michalko, Special Agent in
Charge, Washington Field Office, U.S. Secret Service; Cary Rubenstein, Special
Agent in Charge, Mid-Atlantic Region, Office of the Inspector General of the
U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD); John Roth, Inspector
General of the Department of Homeland Security (DHS), and Michael P. Stephens ,
Acting Inspector General for the Federal Housing Finance Agency Office of
Inspector General.

Dacy and Austin, who were arrested today, were named in a 19-count indictment
charging them with conspiracy, bank fraud, wire fraud, and mail fraud. Dacy is
charged with all 19 counts; Austin is charged with conspiracy, one of the five
bank fraud counts, all of the nine wire fraud counts, and two of the four mail
fraud counts. The indictment also includes forfeiture allegations seeking all
proceeds that can be traced to the scheme.

The government also announces the following seven guilty pleas, all of which
occurred before the Honorable Reggie B. Walton in the U.S. District Court for
the District of Columbia:

Frank Davis, Jr., 49, of Washington, D.C., pled guilty on April 30, 2014 to
conspiracy to commit bank fraud. The plea carries a potential sentencing
guideline term of imprisonment of 51 to 63 months, $2,296,463 in restitution,
supervised release, fines and forfeiture.
 Lonnie Johnson, 47, of Greensboro, N.C., pled guilty on May 2, 2013 to
conspiracy to commit bank fraud. The plea carries a potential sentencing
guideline term of imprisonment of 18 to 24 months, $375,000 in restitution,
supervised release, and fines.
 Cheryl E. Morrison, 54, of West Melbourne, Fla., pled guilty on Sept. 25, 2013,
to conspiracy to commit mail fraud. The plea carries a potential sentencing
guideline term of imprisonment of 10 to 16 months, $42,600 in restitution,
supervised release, fines and forfeiture.
 Pauline Pilate, 50, of Washington, D.C., pled guilty on July 3, 2014 to
conspiracy to commit bank fraud. The plea carries a potential sentencing
guideline term of imprisonment of 18 to 37 months, at least $341,070 in
restitution, supervised release, fines and forfeiture.
 Frederick Robinson, Sr., 52, of Montgomery, Ala., pled guilty on April 23,
2014, to conspiracy to commit bank fraud. The plea carries a potential
sentencing guideline term of imprisonment of 37 to 46 months, $971,900 in
restitution, supervised release, fines and forfeiture.
 Howard Tutman, III, 54, of Woodstock, Md., pled guilty on July 2, 2014 to
conspiracy to commit bank fraud. The plea carries a potential sentencing
guideline term of imprisonment of 24 to 37 months, $606,414 in restitution,
supervised release, fines and forfeiture.
 Anthony Young, 47, of Clinton, Md., pled guilty on Jan. 30, 2013 to conspiracy
to commit bank fraud. The plea carries a potential sentencing guideline term of
imprisonment of 27 to 33 months, $378,118 in restitution, supervised release,
and fines.

According to the indictment, Dacy and Austin defrauded banks, mortgage lenders,
and the Federal Housing Administration, "FHA," (part of U.S. Department of
Housing and Urban Development) of money by assisting others to obtain mortgage
loans on residential real estate properties through false loan applications and
documents and fraudulent settlements, ultimately causing a loss to the banks,
lenders, and FHA when mortgages were not paid.

The indictment states that co-conspirators Frank Davis, Jr., and Frederick
Robinson, Sr. purchased properties in the names of general partnerships; Davis
and Robinson would then recruit individuals to re-purchase these same properties
for higher amounts, funded by fraudulently obtained mortgage loans, by promising
the buyers that they would not be required to: make financial contributions
toward the purchase of the properties; pay the monthly mortgage payments or
expenses; or maintain the properties. The straw buyers were used to purchase a
number of properties; the indictment lists 15 transactions seeking or obtaining
in excess of $4.3 million in mortgage loans.

Furthermore, according to the indictment, Austin is a Certified Public
Accountant ("CPA") licensed in the State of Maryland. CPAs are licensed by an
authorizing state or District of Columbia agencies, and may prepare tax returns
and other financial documents. CPAs are required periodically to attest that
they had received continuing ethical training to maintain their CPA license.
Mortgage lenders often give deference to documents prepared by CPAs based on the
stringent standards required of CPAs to provide accurate analysis supported by
detailed documentation. In order to obtain mortgage loans in the names of some
of the straw buyers, Robinson recruited Austin to create false CPA letters,
inflated tax returns, and unjustified financial statements.

The indictment further alleges that Dacy was an agent for a settlement company,
which would receive the funding from the mortgage lender and the buyer's cash
contribution and would be under the obligation to disburse the money only if all
of the mortgage lender's conditions were met and the buyer's financial
contribution collected. Only then would the settlement company be authorized to
release the lender's money, and pay the costs of the closing, the debts of the
property or seller, and any other authorized expenses as set forth on the
Settlement Statement. According to the indictment, Dacy handled the straw
buyers' settlement of the properties, with knowledge that the straw buyers did
not pay the cash contribution as required by the lenders.

An indictment is merely a formal charge that a defendant has committed a
violation of criminal laws and every defendant is presumed innocent until, and
unless, proven guilty.

In announcing the charges, U.S. Attorney Machen, Special Agent in Charge
Tompkins, Assistant Director in Charge Parlave, Special Agent in Charge
Michalko, Special Agent in Charge Rubenstein, Inspector General Roth, and Acting
Inspector General Stephens expressed appreciation for the work performed by
Special Agents and analysts from the FBI, U.S. Secret Service, and the Offices
of Inspector General of Department of Homeland Security, Department of Justice,
Department of Housing and Urban Development, and Federal Housing Finance Agency.
They also acknowledged the efforts of those who are working on the case from the
U.S. Attorney's Office, including Paralegal Specialists Donna Galindo, Corinne
Kleinman, and Kristy Penny, Assistant U.S. Attorneys Anthony Saler and Arvind K.
Lal, and Assistant U.S. Attorney Virginia Cheatham, who is prosecuting the case.

For more information please visit: http://www.fbi.gov


LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              82 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            July 23, 2014 Wednesday

Washington: Two Men Indicted in Multi-Million-Dollar Mortgage Fraud Scheme

LENGTH: 1244  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

Edward Dacy, 76, of West Melbourne, Fla., and A. Conrad Austin, 49, of Bowie,
Md., have been indicted on conspiracy, bank fraud, and other federal charges
stemming from a multi-million-dollar mortgage fraud scheme in which they are
accused of assisting their co-conspirators to defraud banks and mortgage lenders
through the purchase of residential real estate in the District of Columbia and
Maryland.

The indictment, unsealed today in the U.S. District Court for the District of
Columbia, was announced by U.S. Attorney Ronald C. Machen Jr.; Michael P.
Tompkins, Special Agent in Charge, Washington Field Office, Department of
Justice Office of the Inspector General; Valerie Parlave, Assistant Director in
Charge of the FBI's Washington Field Office; Kathy A. Michalko, Special Agent in
Charge, Washington Field Office, U.S. Secret Service; Cary Rubenstein, Special
Agent in Charge, Mid-Atlantic Region, Office of the Inspector General of the
U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD); John Roth, Inspector
General of the Department of Homeland Security (DHS), and Michael P. Stephens ,
Acting Inspector General for the Federal Housing Finance Agency Office of
Inspector General.

Dacy and Austin, who were arrested today, were named in a 19-count indictment
charging them with conspiracy, bank fraud, wire fraud, and mail fraud. Dacy is
charged with all 19 counts; Austin is charged with conspiracy, one of the five
bank fraud counts, all of the nine wire fraud counts, and two of the four mail
fraud counts. The indictment also includes forfeiture allegations seeking all
proceeds that can be traced to the scheme.

The government also announces the following seven guilty pleas, all of which
occurred before the Honorable Reggie B. Walton in the U.S. District Court for
the District of Columbia:

Frank Davis, Jr., 49, of Washington, D.C., pled guilty on April 30, 2014 to
conspiracy to commit bank fraud. The plea carries a potential sentencing
guideline term of imprisonment of 51 to 63 months, $2,296,463 in restitution,
supervised release, fines and forfeiture.
 Lonnie Johnson, 47, of Greensboro, N.C., pled guilty on May 2, 2013 to
conspiracy to commit bank fraud. The plea carries a potential sentencing
guideline term of imprisonment of 18 to 24 months, $375,000 in restitution,
supervised release, and fines.
 Cheryl E. Morrison, 54, of West Melbourne, Fla., pled guilty on Sept. 25, 2013,
to conspiracy to commit mail fraud. The plea carries a potential sentencing
guideline term of imprisonment of 10 to 16 months, $42,600 in restitution,
supervised release, fines and forfeiture.
 Pauline Pilate, 50, of Washington, D.C., pled guilty on July 3, 2014 to
conspiracy to commit bank fraud. The plea carries a potential sentencing
guideline term of imprisonment of 18 to 37 months, at least $341,070 in
restitution, supervised release, fines and forfeiture.
 Frederick Robinson, Sr., 52, of Montgomery, Ala., pled guilty on April 23,
2014, to conspiracy to commit bank fraud. The plea carries a potential
sentencing guideline term of imprisonment of 37 to 46 months, $971,900 in
restitution, supervised release, fines and forfeiture.
 Howard Tutman, III, 54, of Woodstock, Md., pled guilty on July 2, 2014 to
conspiracy to commit bank fraud. The plea carries a potential sentencing
guideline term of imprisonment of 24 to 37 months, $606,414 in restitution,
supervised release, fines and forfeiture.
 Anthony Young, 47, of Clinton, Md., pled guilty on Jan. 30, 2013 to conspiracy
to commit bank fraud. The plea carries a potential sentencing guideline term of
imprisonment of 27 to 33 months, $378,118 in restitution, supervised release,
and fines.

According to the indictment, Dacy and Austin defrauded banks, mortgage lenders,
and the Federal Housing Administration, "FHA," (part of U.S. Department of
Housing and Urban Development) of money by assisting others to obtain mortgage
loans on residential real estate properties through false loan applications and
documents and fraudulent settlements, ultimately causing a loss to the banks,
lenders, and FHA when mortgages were not paid.

The indictment states that co-conspirators Frank Davis, Jr., and Frederick
Robinson, Sr. purchased properties in the names of general partnerships; Davis
and Robinson would then recruit individuals to re-purchase these same properties
for higher amounts, funded by fraudulently obtained mortgage loans, by promising
the buyers that they would not be required to: make financial contributions
toward the purchase of the properties; pay the monthly mortgage payments or
expenses; or maintain the properties. The straw buyers were used to purchase a
number of properties; the indictment lists 15 transactions seeking or obtaining
in excess of $4.3 million in mortgage loans.

Furthermore, according to the indictment, Austin is a Certified Public
Accountant ("CPA") licensed in the State of Maryland. CPAs are licensed by an
authorizing state or District of Columbia agencies, and may prepare tax returns
and other financial documents. CPAs are required periodically to attest that
they had received continuing ethical training to maintain their CPA license.
Mortgage lenders often give deference to documents prepared by CPAs based on the
stringent standards required of CPAs to provide accurate analysis supported by
detailed documentation. In order to obtain mortgage loans in the names of some
of the straw buyers, Robinson recruited Austin to create false CPA letters,
inflated tax returns, and unjustified financial statements.

The indictment further alleges that Dacy was an agent for a settlement company,
which would receive the funding from the mortgage lender and the buyer's cash
contribution and would be under the obligation to disburse the money only if all
of the mortgage lender's conditions were met and the buyer's financial
contribution collected. Only then would the settlement company be authorized to
release the lender's money, and pay the costs of the closing, the debts of the
property or seller, and any other authorized expenses as set forth on the
Settlement Statement. According to the indictment, Dacy handled the straw
buyers' settlement of the properties, with knowledge that the straw buyers did
not pay the cash contribution as required by the lenders.

An indictment is merely a formal charge that a defendant has committed a
violation of criminal laws and every defendant is presumed innocent until, and
unless, proven guilty.

In announcing the charges, U.S. Attorney Machen, Special Agent in Charge
Tompkins, Assistant Director in Charge Parlave, Special Agent in Charge
Michalko, Special Agent in Charge Rubenstein, Inspector General Roth, and Acting
Inspector General Stephens expressed appreciation for the work performed by
Special Agents and analysts from the FBI, U.S. Secret Service, and the Offices
of Inspector General of Department of Homeland Security, Department of Justice,
Department of Housing and Urban Development, and Federal Housing Finance Agency.
They also acknowledged the efforts of those who are working on the case from the
U.S. Attorney's Office, including Paralegal Specialists Donna Galindo, Corinne
Kleinman, and Kristy Penny, Assistant U.S. Attorneys Anthony Saler and Arvind K.
Lal, and Assistant U.S. Attorney Virginia Cheatham, who is prosecuting the case.

For more information please visit: http://www.fbi.gov


LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              83 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                            February 8, 2005 Tuesday
                          FIVE STAR LATE LIFT EDITION

Identity theft continues to top annual consumer complaint list

BYLINE: BY MICHAEL D. SORKIN Of the Post-Dispatch

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B02

LENGTH: 348 words


Chances are good that either you or someone you know will be the victim of
identity theft or other fraud.

The Federal Trade Commission on Monday released its annual report of consumer
complaints, and topping the list, for the fifth year in a row: identity theft.

In the St. Louis metropolitan area, the FTC reported 856 victims of identity
theft last year.

But most people are too embarrassed to report fraud. One FTC survey found that
just one in 12 fraud victims complained to a government agency.

Many people think they are too smart to ever become a victim of fraud. They
figure they'll be able to spot a con game.

Don't count on it, government investigators say.

In just one year, the FTC says 25 million adults, more than 11 percent of the
adult population, have been victims of consumer frauds.

"That's huge," said C. Steven Baker, director of the FTC's Midwest office in
Chicago. "That practically guarantees that one of your friends or family has
been a victim."

He says it's not like the old days, when fraud meant mostly looking out for
door-to-door con artists.

"These people are spread out all over the world," he said. "The world of fraud
has changed and the crooks are ahead of us in some of this, unfortunately."

Nationally, identity theft accounted for nearly four of every 10 of the 635,173
consumer frauds reported to the FTC's Consumer Sentinel Complaint hot line.
Federal agencies and local police can access the 2 million complaints in the
database.

Illinois ranked 10th in the nation for identity thefts per 100,000 people, with
11,138 reported cases. Illinois residents also reported 14,766 cases of other
kinds of fraud, including Internet auctions, shop-at-home catalog sales, and
Internet services and computer complaints.

Missouri residents reported 3,905 cases of identity theft and 6,398 other cases
of fraud.

In both states, credit card fraud was the most common form of reported identity
theft, followed by phone or utilities fraud and bank fraud.

To file a complaint, call 1-877-FTC-HELP (1-877-382-4357), or use the complaint
form at http://www.ftc.gov/ftc/complaint.htm.

LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  METRO PAGE 2

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2005 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              84 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                             March 1, 2008 Saturday
                                 FINAL EDITION

LAW & ORDER

BYLINE: A staff report

SECTION: METRO; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 434 words


HILLSBOROUGH

Man Pleads Guilty To Wire, Mail Fraud

TAMPA - A Wesley Chapel man pleaded guilty in federal court Friday to multiple
counts of wire and mail fraud and aggravated identity theft in a scheme that
began seven years ago to bilk more than $1 million from his former employer,
Quest Diagnostics.

The U.S. attorney's office in Tampa announced the plea and said David Alan
Smith, 46, faces up to 124 years in prison and a $20.9 million fine.

Federal investigators say Smith was the facilities manager for the Tampa
laboratory's main office and, beginning in 2001, he began creating expense
reports seeking reimbursement to phony companies.

Smith, authorities said, submitted expense reports saying he had paid for
services and goods from shell companies he had set up. One company had an
address that, if real, would have been located on the ramp of the Selmon
Crosstown Expressway.

Quest said it had been defrauded out of $1.3 million during the time Smith
worked there.

Boy Was Threatened Into Sex Act, Police Say

TAMPA - Police charged an 18-year-old man with felony sexual battery, saying he
used a threat to force a younger boy into performing a sex act.

Paul Nathaniel Doriskar of Tampa was held without bail at Orient Road Jail on
Friday.

According to a criminal report affidavit, Doriskar threatened a 15-year-old into
performing oral sex by saying he would tell the boy's mother the boy had been on
MySpace and in chat rooms when not allowed.

The younger boy told police he was afraid he would get into trouble and did not
resist Doriskar, the affidavit states.

PINELLAS

Volunteers Sought In Search For Retiree

LARGO - With no leads in the search for an 86-year-old retiree who disappeared
earlier this week, her family is turning to the public for help, trying to
muster volunteers today to flood the area with fliers.

Volunteers can gather at 10 a.m. at the Albertson's grocery store at East Bay
Drive and Belcher Road in Largo. The Albertson's was the last place Mary Gill
Zelter, who suffers from dementia and high blood pressure, was traced after she
left from Regal Palms, 300 Lake Ave., at 1 p.m. Tuesday.

Police say she may be driving her white 2003 Chrysler Sebring convertible with
Florida license tag CZ 103. She is about 5-foot-3 and has a thin build and white
hair.

Family members say they expect about 100 people to show up to help in the
search.

Anyone with information about Zelter's whereabouts can contact the Largo Police
Department at (727) 587-6728 or (727) 587-6730.

A staff report

Copyright © 2008, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2008 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                              85 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Mortgage Servicing News

                                   March 2011

Mortgage Fraud: '2010 Year of the Opportunist'

BYLINE: Michael Richardson

SECTION: POINT OF VIEW; Pg. 4 Vol. 15 No. 3

LENGTH: 1338  words


As we start 2011, the industry needs to review, change and implement quality
control plans that can prevent mortgage fraud and reduce defaults in 2011. All
origination platforms need to take the proper steps with quality control that
ultimately will provide and support liquidity through all types of market
cycles, thus benefiting all the mortgage industry stakeholders for years to
come.

Mortgage fraud opportunism has been on the rise because the conditions have been
riper than ever. The FBI has identified a many factors, which include "a
decrease in loan originations, increased unemployment, increased housing
inventory, lower housing prices, and an increase in defaults and foreclosures,"
which have generally made borrowers/homeowners more desperate, and hence more
vulnerable to being defrauded.

The Financial Crimes Enforcement Network reported in December that suspicious
activity reports indicating mortgage loan fraud increased 7% in the first half
of 2010.

According to FinCen, at least part of the increase can be attributed to
increased attention to older loans. From January to March 2010, 78% of SARs
involved loans more than two years old. Banks and thrifts filed 35,135
mortgage-related SARs from January to June 2010, up from 32,926 in 2009 during
the same period. Unfortunately, it seems that all of these conditions will
persist in the immediate future, which means consumers (and regulators) need to
maintain a high level of vigilance.

The West and Southeast are the two most problematic regions. The regions
affected the most by the housing bubble/collapse and/or by deteriorating
economic circumstances also experience high incidences of fraud. In 2009, the
top mortgage fraud states for 2009 were California, Florida, Illinois, Michigan,
Arizona, Georgia, New York, Ohio, Texas, the District of Columbia, Maryland,
Colorado, New Jersey and Nevada.

Under current regulations only banks and insured depository institutions are
required to file suspicious activity reports. FinCen says SARS are a critical
source of information for law enforcement in investigating and prosecuting
mortgage fraud related crimes, and that it believes new regulations requiring
non-bank mortgage lenders and originators to adopt AML programs and file SARs
would be consistent with those businesses' due diligence. FinCen has proposed
regulatory changes that would require nonbank residential mortgage lenders and
originators to also report suspicious activity to the agency and establish their
own anti-money-laundering programs to curtail losses.

"Our industry needs to do what it can to help prevent mortgage fraud," said
Brian Montgomery, former FHA commissioner and vice chairman at the Collingwood
Group in Washington. "This can be accomplished through a variety of processes
including analyzing the borrower identity, application information, and property
valuations.

"The Collingwood Group can assist mortgage bankers as they work to detect and
stop mortgage fraud by helping them customize strategies in their business
operations and regulatory compliance framework," Montgomery added.

The FBI's "Operation Stolen Dream," whose preliminary findings were announced in
June, resulted in hundreds of arrests and convictions related to 1,215 criminal
defendants who allegedly swindled $2 billion through mortgage-related schemes.
But FBI director Robert Mueller cautioned that there is still much work to be
done. The Bureau is currently pursuing more than 3,000 mortgage fraud cases, he
said, which is almost double the number from the last fiscal year.

"The staggering totals from this sweep highlight the mortgage fraud trends we
are seeing around the country," attorney general Eric Holder said. "We have seen
mortgage fraud take on all shapes and sizes-from schemes that ensnared the
elderly to fraudsters who targeted immigrant communities."

Prevention begins not with millions, not with thousands, not with hundreds, but
with one: one loan officer, one loan office, one mortgage company, or someone
involved in the transaction-one person-at a time.

The Mortgage Asset Research Institute, whose subscribers represent 70% of the
mortgage finance space, reported appraisal fraud is taking a larger proportion
of trickery alleged in suspicious activity reports filed with FinCen.

"In 2010, regulatory officials and law makers recognized that collateral
valuations play a critical role in fighting mortgage fraud. The use of BPOs in a
secondary position to an appraisal has proved to be an important double check on
fraudulent loans in addition to providing multiple perspectives of collateral
value. This will greatly aid fraud detection in 2011 and beyond," stated Kevin
Marshall, president of Clear Capital. "The new interagency appraisal and
evaluation guidelines do not make judgment about the relative usefulness of the
two valuation approaches, nor do they judge the professionals who create them.
Rather they introduce a system that allows the top professionals of both
appraisal and real estate professions to better contribute to a more healthy
lending industry. When looking at the big picture of mortgage fraud, this is a
win for everyone except those wittingly committing fraud."

Hands down, no bones about it, fraud is an illegal act perpetrated by
individuals and on an individual level, each of us has the power to resist doing
something illegal. The power of prefunding audits and reviews or as I call them
"Clear to Close" is that they make the individual who might be tempted to commit
fraud pause, even if just for a minute, and gives him or her time to change the
course of action.

Most authorities will agree that the most effective method in preventing
mortgage fraud is consistent regulation and licensing enforced by the
appropriate authorities. You should want your company to rely on a very strong
company quality control plan that includes both pre- and post-closing loans.
After all, it is your business or income whether you are an owner, loan officer
processor, or being paid to be involved in the transaction. Without proper
enforcement of your own quality control plan, current regulations are of almost
no consequence to your company.

Remember, fraud often starts small. A fudged figure here, an incomplete loan
application there, an over-generous appraisal, but little do employees know that
these "little lies" are actually fraudulent information and, in fact, possibly
criminal.

Loan fraud is typically committed with intent; it is not normally requested or
asked for by the homebuyer, but by the originator or real estate professional,
or both in partnership along with other insiders in order for the loan to close
and make a profit.

Lenders tend not to notice loan fraud unless the loan is going into or in
default. The patterns of recent FinCen filings have been reported that the
detection of suspected fraud is after the mortgage had been funded. With the
increase in mortgage fraud detection products in connection with mortgage
purchasers, they are sending more loans back to originators for repurchase,
which is very expensive.

I firmly believe that prevention is the key to finding a cure for this
industrywide "disease." If we can spot the warning signs and stop a fraudulent
mortgage loan before it goes through funding, we are halfway to beating the
fraudsters at their own game.

Furthermore, every loan officer, loan coordinator, or loan processor should be
required to sign the quality control plan or version of it before they ever log
a single hour working. This signed, legal document will assist in the various
liability issues resulting from the employee's actions, but I feel it is a
strong deterrent to acting improperly in the first place.

You need to budget the additional time and expenses in order to have a detailed
quality control plan implemented for 2011. We all need to be working together to
adopt Fannie Mae's LQI principles, then we can improve loan quality, provide
more certainty about repurchase exposure, and reduce funding or pooling delays
due to delivery issues.

URL: http://www.mortgageservicingnews.com/

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter

JOURNAL-CODE: MSN


                        Copyright 2011 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              86 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               MortgageDaily.com

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            August 22, 2013 Thursday

Risk of Valuation Fraud Diminishes

BYLINE: Mortgage Daily

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 850 words


Aug. 22--The risk of mortgage fraud edged higher thanks to deterioration in
occupancy fraud. But the risk of appraisal fraud was down on a
quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year basis.

The Mortgage Fraud Risk Index was 104 in the second quarter. An index of 100
indicates a nominal level of fraud risk based on fraudulent indicators from 2003
through 2007 in states with low levels of foreclosures.

The index was up 4 percent from the first-quarter of this year, when it came in
at 100.

That was according to The Interthinx 2013 Mortgage Fraud Risk Report for the
second quarter. The Agoura Hills, Calif.-based company said that the index is
based on data derived from loan applications processed through its FraudGUARD
system. More than 40 indicators are considered.

Interthinx said in the most recent report that the index has increased 2 percent
from the second-quarter 2012. However, the original year-earlier report had the
index at 149 -- suggesting that the risk of mortgage fraud had actually fallen
30 percent over the past year.

But Interthinx Director of Analytics Shane De Zilwa explained in a telephone
interview that the indices were recalibrated in the first-quarter 2013 with a
new base period of the first-quarter 2012. In addition, the methodology of
calculation was adjusted to reflect a reassessment of the FraudGUARD alerts that
were being used to the determine the index -- which was originally launched in
2009.

De Zilwa also noted that the overall index, which used to reflect the share of
loan applications with at least one FraudGUARD alert, was changed to represent
an average of the four sub-indices. The new calculation enables easier
identification of which sub-categories are having the most impact on the overall
index.

Nevada's index of 132 overtook California's 130 as the state where mortgage
fraud is most likely. Nevada's poor standing was driven by the Reno-Sparks
Metropolitan Statistical Area and the Las Vegas-Paradise MSA, which respectively
ranked as the fifth- and sixth-worst MSAs. California was home to six of the
10-worst MSAs.

No. 3 was Washington, D.C.'s 128 index, followed by Florida's 117 and Illinois'
116. Florida was the location of the worst MSA -- Cape Coral-Fort Myers.

Interthinx's state rankings were similar to those reported by the Financial
Crimes Enforcement Network for last year. FinCEN's data indicated that
California's per-capita filings of Suspicious Activity Reports were the highest,
followed by Nevada, Florida, Arizona and Washington, D.C.

At the other end of the spectrum was North Dakota, which Interthinx said had an
index of only 45.

The risk of property valuation fraud fell 4 percent from the previous quarter,
leaving the national Property Valuation Fraud Risk Index at 105 in the second
quarter. The likelihood of valuation fraud has declined 3 percent from the
second-quarter 2012.

Interthinx indicated that the risk of valuation fraud rose 31 percent from the
first quarter in Dayton, Ohio -- the most quarter-over-quarter deterioration of
any MSA in this category and pushing Dayton to the highest risk level. On a
year-over-year basis, the Detroit-Warren-Livonia MSA worsened by 140 percent,
more than any other MSA.

The risk of identity fraud worsened 7 percent nationally from the prior quarter
but subsided 9 percent from the same quarter in the prior year. That put the
national identity fraud risk index at only 91 -- making it the lowest-risk
category. At 174, the index for the Fayetteville-Springdale-Rogers, Ark.-Mo.,
MSA was the highest. In Madison, Wis., the index increased 269 percent from the
first quarter, the biggest jump of any MSA. It was up 125 percent from a year
earlier in York-Hanover, Pa., also more than any other MSA.

The U.S. Occupancy Fraud Risk Index was 126, worsening 10 percent from three
months earlier and 14 percent worse than a year earlier. Cape Coral-Fort Myers,
Fla., scored worst in this category at 267. The 57 percent increase in
Springfield, Mass., was the highest from the first quarter, and a 110 percent
rise in Deltona-Dayton Beach-Ormon Beach, Fla., was the biggest year-over-year
increase.

The risk of U.S. employment and income fraud edged up 2 percent from the prior
period and was 5 percent higher than in the second quarter of last year --
though the index was still just 92.

The Employment/Income Fraud Risk Index was highest at 164 in the San
Diego-Carlsbad-San Marcos, Calif., MSA. The biggest increase from the first
quarter was 52 percent in San Luis Obispo-Paso Robles, Calif. The Salinas,
Calif., MSA increased 72 percent from the second-quarter 2012, the worst
deterioration of any MSA.

Interthinx noted that adjustable-rate mortgages are expected to account for a
growing share of mortgage originations as interest rates rise -- a development
that will likely increase the risk of mortgage fraud since ARMs have higher
indices than fixed-rate loans. For instance, the Employment/Income Fraud Risk
Index for ARMs was 169 versus 92 for fixed-rate mortgages.

___ (c)2013 Mortgage Daily Visit Mortgage Daily at www.mortgagedaily.com
Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130822-1MG-Risk-of-Valuation-Fraud-Diminishes-0822-20130822

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1MG


                                 Copyright 2013


                              87 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             June 8, 2006 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

MEDIA Chandlers Oppose Tribu ...

SECTION: Financial; D02

LENGTH: 612 words


MEDIA

Tribune's plan to buy back $12 billion in shares faces boardroom dissent after
directors representing its second-largest shareholder, the Chandler family,
opposed the effort. The Chandler family trusts, with 12.2 percent of the
publisher's stock, voted against the plan. Tribune's newspapers include the Los
Angeles Times and the Chicago Tribune. The Chandler Trust gained its stake
through Tribune's $8 billion purchase of the Times Mirror Group six years ago.
Tribune last week said it will take out $5 billion in bank loans to buy back $2
billion of shares and repay other debt.

McClatchy said it has reached agreements to sell five of the six remaining
Knight Ridder newspapers it plans to divest for about $450 million. Including
two transactions announced previously, McClatchy has made deals to sell 11 of
the 12 Knight Ridder papers it does not plan to keep. McClatchy said the sales
have generated a little more than $2 billion in proceeds. The deals announced
yesterday involved five newspapers: the Akron Beacon Journal in Ohio; the Duluth
News Tribune in Minnesota; the Grand Forks Herald in North Dakota; the Fort
Wayne News-Sentinel in Indiana; and the American News in Aberdeen, S.D.

LEGAL

Three former executives at the restaurant chain Buca were charged with criminal
fraud for allegedly using company money for personal expenses, including tens of
thousands of dollars spent at strip clubs. The company operates 104 Italian
restaurants in 28 states under the names Buca di Beppo and Vinny T's.

Federal prosecutors charged former chief executive Joseph P. Micatrotto with
wire fraud in connection with $65,000 of company money allegedly used to pay a
debt from a failed restaurant. Prosecutors also charged former chief financial
officer Greg. A. Gadel with mail fraud and wire fraud, and former executive John
J. Motschenbacher was charged with mail fraud. Civil charges also were brought
again the three, accusing them of accounting fraud.

The owner of a Rhode Island company that supplied produce to U.S. Foodservice
pleaded guilty to making nearly $300,000 through stock trades based on a tip
from a U.S. Foodservice executive. Brady Michael Schofield said Timothy Lee
tipped him off to the pending purchase of Columbia-based U.S. Foodservice by
Dutch grocer Royal Ahold in February 2000, leading him to buy stock that he sold
when the deal was announced. Schofield could face up to 10 years in prison on
each of six insider-trading charges and five years in prison on a conspiracy
charge. He also could face fines of more than $6 million.

AIRLINES

Southwest Airlines sued BoardFirst, a firm that helps travelers get the best
seats on Southwest planes by handling their online check-in, and the airline is
asking other Web sites to stop offering the same service. Other U.S. airlines
assign seats, but Southwest boards passengers in three groups as part of its
open-seating policy. In September, the airline found that Web sites were
offering to check in passengers for free or a fee of a few dollars. Southwest
went to court because it feared losing control of its seating, a spokeswoman
said.

The Pension Benefit Guaranty Corp. has appealed a judge's approval of a
concessions agreement between Delta Air Lines and its pilots. In accepting the
$280 million-a-year agreement, the bankruptcy judge rejected claims by the
federal pension insurer that it should receive the compensation the pilots were
promised if their pension is terminated. Delta said last week that it will file
its request to terminate the pilots' pension "fairly soon."

Compiled from reports by Washington Post staff writers, the Associated Press and
Bloomberg News.

LOAD-DATE: June 8, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2006 The Washington Post


                              88 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                           October 24, 2015 Saturday

Fifteen Individuals Indicted in Stolen Property Fraud Ring

LENGTH: 708  words


On Tuesday, October 20, 2015, a federal grand jury in East St. Louis, IL,
returned a 17 count indictment charging 15 individuals, including a Madison, IL,
business owner, with numerous charges arising from a stolen property fraud ring,
the United States Attorney for the Southern District of Illinois, Stephen R.
Wigginton, announced.

The indictment alleges that the leader of this fraud ring, Jason J. Parmeley,
42, formerly of O'Fallon, MO, conducted this fraud scheme from Mexico. According
to the indictment, Parmeley used the Internet to obtain credit account numbers
that individuals and businesses had with retail stores, such as Home Depot,
Lowes, Menards, and rental stores, such as SunBelt Rentals. Using this
information, Parmeley placed orders with the stores in the names of, and under
the credit accounts of, the individuals and businesses. The items Parmeley
ordered frequently consisted of appliances, expensive tools, and construction
equipment. The indictment charges that, after he placed the orders, Parmeley
dispatched drivers to go to the stores and pick up the items. The items were
then sold at prices substantially below retail. The profits were then wire
transferred to Parmeley in Mexico.

"Essentially, we allege that Parmeley and his gang committed identity theft, not
only stealing the electronic identity of individuals, but also stealing the
electronic identity of businesses. I urge anyone who thinks that they might have
been affected by this scheme to report their case to my office." said United
States Attorney Wigginton.

The retail and rental stores victimized by this scheme were located in various
parts of the United States, including Arizona, California, Colorado,
Connecticut, Georgia, Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Michigan, Missouri, Oklahoma, and
Virginia. Some of the victimized stores were located within the Southern
District of Illinois, including stores in Collinsville, Granite City, and
O'Fallon, IL.

The indictment also charges that James D. Litchfield, 58, owner of Big Jim's
Autorama in Madison, IL, purchased many items which he knew had been obtained by
fraud. These items were delivered to Litchfield at Big Jim's Autorama. The
indictment further alleges that Litchfield provided two trucks that were used by
his co-conspirators to pick up fraudulently ordered items.

The other defendants charged in the indictment are: Angel Speed, 25, formerly of
O'Fallon, MO, Sean A. Shields, 47, of Ozark, MO, Shannan Flora, 41, of Vienna,
IL, Alice J. Hembree, 43, of O'Fallon, MO, Tony G. Robertson, 43, of O'Fallon,
MO, Steven J. Belcher, 44, of Wentzville, MO, Jesse S. Urias, 36, of Los
Angeles, CA, Ryan P. Litchfield, 37, of O'Fallon, MO, Rigoberto Gutierrez, 26,
of Compton, CA, Russell J. Witt, 33, of New Baltimore, MI, Bryce E. Atkinson,
21, of Lake Saint Louis, MO, Nicholas A. Brockman, 20, of Wentzville, MO, and
Benedict G. Pellerito, 55, of Troy, MO.

Both James D. Litchfield and Ryan P. Litchfield were arrested yesterday. Their
trial date has been set for December 21, 2015.

In late August of this year, Mexican Immigration Authorities deported Parmeley
from Mexico. Parmeley is currently in federal custody in Alabama on an unrelated
bank fraud charge. The remaining defendants are expected to appear for
arraignment within the next two weeks.

The charges contained in the indictment include conspiracy to commit wire fraud,
conspiracy to transport property obtained by fraud in interstate commerce, wire
fraud, interstate transportation of property obtained by fraud, possession of
property obtained by fraud, money laundering, and aggravated identity theft. The
indictment also seeks forfeiture of the proceeds of the fraud scheme.

The investigation is being conducted by agents from the St. Louis Division of
the Federal Bureau of Investigation ("FBI"). The FBI has received substantial
assistance from many state and local police departments in numerous
jurisdictions, including the Metro East Auto Theft Task Force. The case is being
prosecuted by Assistant United States Attorney Scott A. Verseman.

An indictment is a formal charge against a defendant. Under the law, that charge
is merely an accusation and the defendant is presumed innocent unless proven
guilty. 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              89 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Mortgage Servicing News

                                  October 2013

Housing Market Rebound Attracts Greater Fraud Risk

BYLINE: Evan Nemeroff

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2 Vol. 17 No. 11

LENGTH: 714  words


As the housing market moves on the path towards recovery, mortgage fraud is a
crime of economic opportunity in which scammers are still taking advantage of
distressed borrowers.

According to the second-quarter Mortgage Fraud Risk Report released by
Interthinx, the likelihood for fraudulent activity to occur throughout the
country rose on a quarterly and yearly basis. Overall, the Agoura Hills,
Calif.-based risk mitigation provider said the index value is 104 in 2Q13, up 4%
from the previous quarter and a year ago.

Ann Fulmer, vice president of industry relations at Interthinx, said even though
fraud risk is increasing now, it is still nowhere near historic levels that were
evident during the housing boom when the index values in many cities was around
400.

"Lenders have done a good job cracking down on fraud," Fulmer told National
Mortgage News in an interview.

"There's a lot more awareness now too, which has helped because during the boom,
people didn't talk about fraud the same way we talk about it now.

"But the industry has learned a lot of hard lessons and is now doing better for
it."

Among the four fraud risk indices Interthinx tracks-property valuation,
identity, occupancy and employment/income-the only type-specific fraud that saw
a decrease in 2Q13 from the previous quarter was property valuation.

Through the second quarter, the property valuation index is at 105, a 4% drop
from the first quarter. Property valuation fraud is perpetrated by manipulating
property value to create "equity" which is then extracted from loan proceeds by
various means.

Fulmer said property valuation fraud is occurring most in markets that have a
high volume of distressed housing units.

The report showed that Dayton holds the top spot for property valuation fraud
risk, with an index value of 199, followed by Fayetteville, Ark., at 183 and
then Fort Myers, Fla., has a mark of 174.

"Rising home prices mean fraud is easier to commit," Fulmer said. "Lenders need
to make sure their watching what kind of loans are being underwritten, as well
as what they look like when they are reviewed and ultimately how they perform
over time."

Meanwhile, all the other three indices increased from the first quarter.
Identity fraud risk was up 7% and has an index of 91.

Occupancy fraud risk index is now 126, a 10% uptick on a quarterly basis, while
employment/income rose by 2% with a mark of 92.

With a mortgage fraud risk index value of 132, Nevada displaced California as
the state with the highest potential for mortgage fraud activity.

Interthinx said California remains in the second spot, with Washington, D.C.,
Florida and Illinois rounding out the top five, respectively.

Despite being the second riskiest state for mortgage fraud, California contains
four of the top ten worst ZIP codes for possible suspicious scams.

The Golden State also features six of the overall riskiest metropolitan
statistical areas, five of the riskiest metropolitan statistical areas for the
potential of identity fraud, and the entire top ten metropolitan statistical
area list for employment/income fraud risk.

Interthinx is also warning lenders to be wary that as interest rates and home
prices rise in many markets-with wages remaining stable-the demand for
adjustable rate mortgages will likely increase among borrowers.

Currently, for all fraud risk types, Interthinx said index values are much
higher in adjustable-rate mortgages than in fixed-rate mortgages, which carries
a significantly greater opportunity for fraud risk. Fulmer noted that ARMs are
"very attractive" for those that are planning to move in the next three years
and are becoming more popular as a way to reduce mortgage payments.

Therefore, she said lenders need to do proper due diligence to prevent fraud and
scrutinize all loans to make sure the data are accurate.

"One of the lessons that we need to learn is that if you don't crack down on
fraudulent conduct in the beginning, it can snowball completely out of control.

"That's pretty much what happened during the boom," Fulmer added.

"We need to do our homework on the property and the borrower and pay attention
to who the sellers are.

"As we move to a purchase market, banks also need a staff that is trained to
analyze their data properly to limit any vulnerability in their loans."

URL: http://www.mortgageservicingnews.com/

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter

JOURNAL-CODE: MSN


                        Copyright 2013 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              90 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             National Mortgage News

                                August 26, 2013

Housing Market Rebound Attracts Greater Fraud Risk

BYLINE: Evan Nemeroff

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2 Vol. 37 No. 47

LENGTH: 714  words


As the housing market moves on the path towards recovery, mortgage fraud is a
crime of economic opportunity in which scammers are still taking advantage of
distressed borrowers.

According to the second-quarter Mortgage Fraud Risk Report released by
Interthinx, the likelihood for fraudulent activity to occur throughout the
country rose on a quarterly and yearly basis. Overall, the Agoura Hills,
Calif.-based risk mitigation provider said the index value is 104 in 2Q13, up 4%
from the previous quarter and a year ago.

Ann Fulmer, vice president of industry relations at Interthinx, said even though
fraud risk is increasing now, it is still nowhere near historic levels that were
evident during the housing boom when the index values in many cities was around
400.

"Lenders have done a good job cracking down on fraud," Fulmer told National
Mortgage News in an interview.

"There's a lot more awareness now too, which has helped because during the boom,
people didn't talk about fraud the same way we talk about it now.

"But the industry has learned a lot of hard lessons and is now doing better for
it."

Among the four fraud risk indices Interthinx tracks-property valuation,
identity, occupancy and employment/income-the only type-specific fraud that saw
a decrease in 2Q13 from the previous quarter was property valuation.

Through the second quarter, the property valuation index is at 105, a 4% drop
from the first quarter. Property valuation fraud is perpetrated by manipulating
property value to create "equity" which is then extracted from loan proceeds by
various means.

Fulmer said property valuation fraud is occurring most in markets that have a
high volume of distressed housing units.

The report showed that Dayton holds the top spot for property valuation fraud
risk, with an index value of 199, followed by Fayetteville, Ark., at 183 and
then Fort Myers, Fla., has a mark of 174.

"Rising home prices mean fraud is easier to commit," Fulmer said. "Lenders need
to make sure their watching what kind of loans are being underwritten, as well
as what they look like when they are reviewed and ultimately how they perform
over time."

Meanwhile, all the other three indices increased from the first quarter.
Identity fraud risk was up 7% and has an index of 91.

Occupancy fraud risk index is now 126, a 10% uptick on a quarterly basis, while
employment/income rose by 2% with a mark of 92.

With a mortgage fraud risk index value of 132, Nevada displaced California as
the state with the highest potential for mortgage fraud activity.

Interthinx said California remains in the second spot, with Washington, D.C.,
Florida and Illinois rounding out the top five, respectively.

Despite being the second riskiest state for mortgage fraud, California contains
four of the top ten worst ZIP codes for possible suspicious scams.

The Golden State also features six of the overall riskiest metropolitan
statistical areas, five of the riskiest metropolitan statistical areas for the
potential of identity fraud, and the entire top ten metropolitan statistical
area list for employment/income fraud risk.

Interthinx is also warning lenders to be wary that as interest rates and home
prices rise in many markets-with wages remaining stable-the demand for
adjustable rate mortgages will likely increase among borrowers.

Currently, for all fraud risk types, Interthinx said index values are much
higher in adjustable-rate mortgages than in fixed-rate mortgages, which carries
a significantly greater opportunity for fraud risk. Fulmer noted that ARMs are
"very attractive" for those that are planning to move in the next three years
and are becoming more popular as a way to reduce mortgage payments.

Therefore, she said lenders need to do proper due diligence to prevent fraud and
scrutinize all loans to make sure the data are accurate.

"One of the lessons that we need to learn is that if you don't crack down on
fraudulent conduct in the beginning, it can snowball completely out of control.

"That's pretty much what happened during the boom," Fulmer added.

"We need to do our homework on the property and the borrower and pay attention
to who the sellers are.

"As we move to a purchase market, banks also need a staff that is trained to
analyze their data properly to limit any vulnerability in their loans."

URL: http://www.nationalmortgagenews.com//

LOAD-DATE: August 26, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NMN


                        Copyright 2013 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              91 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    December 2, 1994, Friday, Final Edition

Loser Huffington Seeks Voting Fraud Evidence;
Hotline Solicits Informers in California

William Claiborne, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A10

LENGTH: 679 words

DATELINE: LOS ANGELES, Dec. 1, 1994


Still clinging to the hope he can force a new election, defeated Republican
Senate candidate Michael Huffington is financing a radio ad campaign asking
listeners to call a toll-free "hotline" to report "suspicious activity" by
illegal immigrants who may have voted in the Nov. 8 balloting.

Huffington, who spent more than $ 28 million of his money in his losing race
against Sen. Dianne Feinstein (D), so far has committed $ 15,000 to broadcast
the ads in six areas in California with large Hispanic populations, according to
Harold Ezell, president of the Voter Fraud Task Force, an advocacy group
pressing to overturn the election.

"Everybody's heard stories. All we're asking is that if they have any
information, tell us," said Ezell, co-author of Proposition 187, which would
deny health care, education and social services to illegal immigrants.

Huffington endorsed the proposition, which passed by a wide margin but which has
been put on hold pending a court challenge, and has claimed fraudulent voting by
non-citizens opposed to the measure cost him the election.

Immigrant rights advocates said the radio ads will inflame an already highly
charged atmosphere in California and lead to increased "scapegoating" of
non-citizens.

"If there had been so much organized voter fraud, then we should have been able
to defeat Proposition 187 and Pete Wilson," said Emily Goldfarb,
executive-director of the San Francisco-based Coalition for Immigrant and
Refugee Rights, referring to the Republican governor who made the measure the
centerpiece of his successful reelection campaign.

Huffington, who in still-incomplete returns trails Feinstein by 159,724 votes,
has said he hopes "overwhelming" evidence of fraud will result in a rerun.

The radio ad says that there is "evidence the recent election of California was
riddled with illegal alien voting and absentee voter fraud," and asks listeners
to contact the Voter Fraud Task Force.

Task force officials said the ads are being broadcast in Los Angeles, San Diego,
Fresno, Bakersfield and Sacramento.

Although Ezell said his group had received more than 400 calls on the 800-FRAUD
90 line, acting Secretary of State Anthony L. Miller said, "There has not been a
scintilla of evidence presented to this office with respect to illegal voting by
non-citizens."

Miller said he had invited the task force to present evidence of voter fraud to
his office.

Ezell said his group was awaiting release of computer tapes from county
registrars with names of people who voted so the information can be checked
against the names of non-citizens suspected of voting illegally.

He said the alleged fraud stemmed from a "loose goose" registration system in
which prospective voters mail a registration card to county registrars without
having to provide identification until they vote and without having to answer
questions or have the information checked for accuracy.

"Tony Miller and his people say, 'We don't have a problem here.' Well, they're
the goofballs who put this system in place," Ezell said. He said the Motor Voter
Registration law enacted by Congress and not yet implemented will "cast this
phony registration information in stone" and should be repealed.

"Huffington is paying for the ads, but it goes beyond Huffington. It's the
credibility of California's voter registration rolls that is at stake," said
Ezell, who founded the pro-Proposition 187 group, named the Americans Against
Illegal Immigration.

Task force member Martin Cooper said the group had compiled "anecdotal
information" alleging widespread abuses, including a single-family residence in
Burbank with 150 people registered to vote; another single-family residence with
five postal boxes; forged signatures on absentee ballots, and political workers
paying non-citizens to register and vote.

Although Ezell and Ron Prince, chairman of the pro-Proposition 187 Save Our
State Campaign, said that the ad campaign was being financed largely by
Huffington, Cooper said the one-term Republican congressman was "only one
contributor."

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS

                       Copyright 1994 The Washington Post


                              92 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    June 17, 1992, Wednesday, FIRST EDITION

PHONE FRAUD

BYLINE: Eric D. Randall

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 87 words


Recent immigrants are often the victim of phone fraud, according to a survey
commissioned by Sprint and the U.S. Office of Consumer Affairs. In the next few
weeks, social-service agencies will distribute 140,000 brochures on preventing
phone fraud in San Francisco, Los Angeles, New York, Miami, Chicago and
Brownsville, Texas. Languages: English, Spanish, Chinese and Korean. The survey
found 14% of Asian and Hispanic immigrants have been victims of phone fraud or
know someone who has been victimized.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Moneyline

                      Copyright 1992 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              93 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Patriot Ledger (Quincy, MA)

                            April 14, 2005 Thursday
                                  ROP Edition

NEWSLINE - BUSINESS;
Stop & Shop faces strike in N.J., N.Y.

BYLINE: Patriot Ledger Staff And News Services

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 435 words


QUINCY - More than 30,000 supermarket employees in New Jersey and New York,
including nearly 5,000 Stop & Shop employees, could go on strike Sunday if their
union fails to reach an agreement on a new contract.

United Food and Commercial Workers Union Local 1262 said yesterday that 1,000 of
its members have voted to authorize a strike at stores owned by Quincy-based
Stop & Shop and three other grocery chains - Pathmark, ShopRite and Foodtown -
if the union and management do not reach an agreement. The current four-year
contract expires at midnight Saturday. Additional meetings were scheduled for
today and tomorrow to allow other employees to vote.

The union represents 4,900 employees at 54 Stop & Shop stores in New Jersey,
spokeswoman Cyndi Spill said.

Insurance fraud probe nets 25

BROCKTON - In the first year of a task force on insurance fraud, 25 people have
been charged with fraud in the Brockton area, according to the Insurance Fraud
Bureau of Massachusetts, an industry group.

The Brockton Community Insurance Fraud Initiative started last May, and is based
in the Plymouth County sheriff's office. The task force has two full-time fraud
investigators from the industry group and a Brockton police detective.

The task force also assists local law enforcement agencies in the reporting of
staged accidents and bogus thefts. SEC accuses head of Worcester firm BOSTON -
Federal securities regulators have accused the head of a Worcester investment
company of using millions of dollars in investor money to cover personal
expenses including a Porsche sport utility vehicle and New England Patriots
season tickets.

The Securities and Exchange Commission's Boston office said yesterday that it
won a federal judge's order freezing the assets of Amit Mathur of Shrewsbury and
his company, Entrust Capital Management.

The complaint alleges that Mathur misappropriated at least $3.1 million in
client money for personal gain.

Condo tower would require height waver

PROVIDENCE - The buyer of the state-owned Westin Hotel has offered a first look
at its design for the area, including a hotel and condominium tower that would
require a height waiver from a city review panel.

The Procaccianti Group plans to attach the tower, expected to be about 31
stories, next to the Westin, according to plans presented to the Capital Center
Commission on Tuesday. The tower would have 105 condos, 200 hotel rooms, a
parking garage, restaurants and shops.

The developer plans to close on the $95.5 million purchase of the Westin by
April 27. It has until July 2007 to complete the project.

Patriot Ledger staff and news services

LOAD-DATE: April 18, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2005 The Patriot Ledger


                              94 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Patriot Ledger (Quincy, MA)

                            April 14, 2005 Thursday
                                  ROP Edition

NEWSLINE - BUSINESS;
Stop & Shop faces strike in N.J., N.Y.

BYLINE: Patriot Ledger Staff And News Services

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 435 words


QUINCY - More than 30,000 supermarket employees in New Jersey and New York,
including nearly 5,000 Stop & Shop employees, could go on strike Sunday if their
union fails to reach an agreement on a new contract.

United Food and Commercial Workers Union Local 1262 said yesterday that 1,000 of
its members have voted to authorize a strike at stores owned by Quincy-based
Stop & Shop and three other grocery chains - Pathmark, ShopRite and Foodtown -
if the union and management do not reach an agreement. The current four-year
contract expires at midnight Saturday. Additional meetings were scheduled for
today and tomorrow to allow other employees to vote.

The union represents 4,900 employees at 54 Stop & Shop stores in New Jersey,
spokeswoman Cyndi Spill said.

Insurance fraud probe nets 25

BROCKTON - In the first year of a task force on insurance fraud, 25 people have
been charged with fraud in the Brockton area, according to the Insurance Fraud
Bureau of Massachusetts, an industry group.

The Brockton Community Insurance Fraud Initiative started last May, and is based
in the Plymouth County sheriff's office. The task force has two full-time fraud
investigators from the industry group and a Brockton police detective.

The task force also assists local law enforcement agencies in the reporting of
staged accidents and bogus thefts. SEC accuses head of Worcester firm BOSTON -
Federal securities regulators have accused the head of a Worcester investment
company of using millions of dollars in investor money to cover personal
expenses including a Porsche sport utility vehicle and New England Patriots
season tickets.

The Securities and Exchange Commission's Boston office said yesterday that it
won a federal judge's order freezing the assets of Amit Mathur of Shrewsbury and
his company, Entrust Capital Management.

The complaint alleges that Mathur misappropriated at least $3.1 million in
client money for personal gain.

Condo tower would require height waver

PROVIDENCE - The buyer of the state-owned Westin Hotel has offered a first look
at its design for the area, including a hotel and condominium tower that would
require a height waiver from a city review panel.

The Procaccianti Group plans to attach the tower, expected to be about 31
stories, next to the Westin, according to plans presented to the Capital Center
Commission on Tuesday. The tower would have 105 condos, 200 hotel rooms, a
parking garage, restaurants and shops.

The developer plans to close on the $95.5 million purchase of the Westin by
April 27. It has until July 2007 to complete the project.

Patriot Ledger staff and news services

LOAD-DATE: April 18, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2005 The Patriot Ledger


                              95 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Bakersfield Californian

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            February 27, 2012 Monday

Mortgage fraud risk high in Bakersfield

BYLINE: Courtenay Edelhart, The Bakersfield Californian

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 795 words


Feb. 27--The Bakersfield area has the fourth-highest mortgage fraud risk of any
real estate market in the nation, according to an Agoura Hills company that
assesses risk for lenders and investors.

Only Stockton, Modesto and the Phoenix-Mesa-Scottsdale area of Arizona surpassed
Bakersfield in the fourth quarter of last year for the most red flags indicating
a market is vulnerable to fraud, according to the Mortgage Fraud Risk Report, a
quarterly assessment issued by Interthinx. Other California communities
appearing in the top 10 were Vallejo-Fairfield, Riverside-San Bernardino-Ontario
and Salinas.

All of the nation's riskiest markets were in California, Arizona, Florida and
Nevada -- states with high foreclosure rates.

"There's a strong correlation between high fraud risk and places with a lot of
distressed sales and foreclosures," said Shane Dezilwa, director of analytics
for Interthinx. "So the Central Valley is particularly susceptible."

Interthinx uses a complicated computer model that assesses risk based on about
40 factors, including inaccurate property valuations; misrepresentations of
income, occupancy and employment; and discrepancies such as names and Social
Security numbers that don't match. The data are compiled to produce a Mortgage
Fraud Risk Index.

A healthy market has a baseline index of 100 or below. Bakersfield was assigned
a risk index of 272 in the fourth quarter, compared with 145 for the nation as a
whole.

That marked a 2.1 percent decrease from the third quarter, but a 17.4 percent
increase from a year earlier.

Stockton's index of 293 continued its longstanding reign as the most risky
market in the country.

The type of fraud occurring in the Central Valley has evolved as lenders have
strengthened their underwriting standards, Dezilwa said. Where once it was
extracting money from false equity based on inflated property appraisals, now
fraud predominantly derives from deliberately undervaluing properties in a
practice known as "flopping," he said.

That's when someone buys a home for an artificially low price in collusion with
someone in a position to manipulate a sale, then almost immediately sells it for
its much higher, true market value, pocketing the difference.

Flopping hurts banks, which are writing off losses unnecessarily in short sales.
A short sale is an agreement between a lender and a homeowner to sell a property
for less than the balance owed on the mortgage. Flopping also hurts subsequent
borrowers who lenders charge more to cover the cost of those losses.

Gary Crabtree of Affiliated Appraisers sells a monthly report on the state of
the local real estate market and has been a key whistleblower in several federal
mortgage fraud investigations.

"I don't know that flopping is a huge issue here, but it is happening, and it's
growing," he said.

Crabtree said he knows of transactions in which buyers with connections to
listing agents got homes sold short for unrealistically low prices even though
there were higher purchase offers that were never presented to the bank holding
the secured loan.

Sometimes buyers moved into the deeply discounted houses, but mostly they turned
around and sold them for profit, Crabtree said. Fraud involving selling homes
for profit based on inflated appraisals has all but vanished in Bakersfield,
Crabtree said.

"That's pretty much shut down because of the ultra conservative nature of the
lenders," he said. "And most of the people who were doing that sort of thing
aren't in the business anymore because they've lost their license or went out of
business after being sanctioned."

Matthew Perry, president of the Central Valley chapter of the California
Association of Mortgage Professionals, said it would be really difficult to pull
off flipping houses based on inflated property valuations "in the world we live
in today.

"I'm sure there are creative people out there who are still trying to figure out
ways to get around things, but most lenders have a lot of controls in place to
catch that," he said.

Banks have intensified their scrutiny of mortgage loan applications, and new
rules have been implemented since the housing market crash to protect appraisers
from inappropriate influence. Perry said labeling Bakersfield a risky mortgage
market may have unintended consequences.

"You can't use that report for redlining," he said.

That's the practice of discriminating against would-be borrowers based on where
they live.

"I'd be nervous about how this report might be used," Perry said. "But if it's
just to remind lenders to do their due diligence, then I guess that's always a
good thing."

___ (c)2012 The Bakersfield Californian (Bakersfield, Calif.) Visit The
Bakersfield Californian (Bakersfield, Calif.) at www.bakersfield.com Distributed
by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120227-BK-Mortgage-fraud-risk-high-in-Bakersfield-0227-20120227

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BK


                   Copyright 2012 The Bakersfield Californian


                              96 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                              June 20, 2008 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

MORTGAGE STING NETS BUSINESS OWNERS

BYLINE: By JEFF OSTROWSKI Palm Beach Post Staff Writer

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 8B

LENGTH: 474 words


A local title agent and a chiropractor are among hundreds of alleged mortgage
scammers captured nationwide in a federal crackdown on loan fraud announced
Thursday.

Federal prosecutors say Evelyn Rivera, owner of Asset Title LLC of Wellington,
and Wellington resident William Louisma, owner of Sunshine Holistic Healthcare
II Inc., used bogus loan applications in an attempt to buy 55 units in a Fort
Lauderdale condo.

Rivera, Louisma and an unnamed mortgage broker and appraiser planned to borrow
$11.9 million to buy the units at $216,000 apiece, then use phony appraisals and
trumped-up loan applications to resell the units for $400,000 each, or a total
of $22 million, according to federal court documents.

Rivera planned to close the deals, and Louisma offered to vouch for straw
borrowers' nonexistent income.

At a news conference Thursday in Miami, Alexander Acosta, U.S. attorney for the
Southern District of Florida, announced actions against Rivera, Louisma and 20
other people involved in more than $30 million in fraudulent loans.

Rivera and Louisma were charged with wire fraud.

Among those already named in connection with local mortgage fraud: Palm Beach
County real estate investors Ralph Michel and Berry Louidort and mortgage broker
Lauren Jasky, who face trial next month on fraud charges, and Gregory C. Brown,
recently convicted of fraud and tax evasion for bogus deals on properties in
Palm Beach County.

Since March 1, 406 people have been arrested in the sting dubbed "Operation
Malicious Mortgage" resulting from 144 cases across the country.

Sixty people were arrested on Wednesday alone.

Those named in the cases include housing developers, mortgage lenders and
brokers, lawyers, real estate agents and appraisers, said Sharon Ormsby, section
chief in charge of financial crimes for the FBI.

"In many instances the fraud cannot occur without the title agent going along
and collecting a fee," Acosta said.

Scams that inflated property values have played an unmeasurable but important
role in inflating the housing bubble and speeding the housing crash, according
to Acosta.

Including Florida, officials have identified 10 "mortgage fraud hot spots"
nationwide: California, Colorado, Texas, Minnesota, Michigan, Illinois, Ohio,
New York and Georgia.

Banks reported nearly 53,000 cases of suspected mortgage fraud last year, up
from more than 37,000 a year earlier, according to the Treasury Department's
Financial Crimes Enforcement Network.

In recent months, the FBI has been investigating more than 1,400 mortgage fraud
cases and 19 companies tied to the subprime mortgage crisis.

Two former Bear Stearns managers in New York were indicted Thursday, becoming
the first executives to face criminal charges related to the collapse of the
subprime mortgage market.

The Associated Press contributed to this story.

- jeff_ostrowski@pbpost.com

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2008 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              97 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               MortgageDaily.com

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            March 12, 2014 Wednesday

Conferences Address Range of Mortgage Issues

BYLINE: Sam Garcia, Mortgage Daily

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 889 words


March 12--As mortgage executives prepare to attend a pair of trade shows on the
West Coast next week, plans are also being made for a host of other upcoming
events. The meetings focus on a range of topics including mortgage fraud,
technology and government regulation.

The JW Marriott Los Angeles is the location of the National Fraud Issues
Conference 2014 being hosted by the Mortgage Bankers Association. The event
begins on March 18 and runs through March 21.

Topics being covered include the latest developments in application fraud,
origination fraud and income statement fraud. Sessions will cover fraud
prevention training and audit techniques. Registration fees range from $625 to
$2,150 depending on the type of attendee and whether the purchase is made by
March 14.

On the same dates at the same venue, MBA is also holding its National Technology
in Mortgage Banking Conference & Expo 2014. That event is priced at the same
rate as the mortgage fraud event.

"MBA's National Technology in Mortgage Banking Conference & Expo 2014 is where
CEOs, CIOs and senior managers in the nation's top real estate finance firms
connect to discuss relevant issues, explore emerging technologies and develop
cutting-edge solutions for today and tomorrow," the conference website states.

Zillow Vice President of Mortgage Tools Don Kracl will be speaking at the
technology event about effective mortgage loan lead sourcing and management,
while Ballard Spahr LLP Partner Richard J. Andreano will be speaking at an
Integrated Mortgage Disclosure Workshop.

Former Federal Housing Finance Agency acting director Edward J. Demarco, Ginnie
Mae President Ted Tozer and Rep. Randy Neugebauer (R-Texas) are the scheduled
keynote speakers at the 5th Annual Five Star Government Forum. The event is
being held on March 25 at the Newseum in Washington, D.C., and costs between $95
and $595, depending on the type of registrant.

LeadsCon takes place on March 25 and March 26 at the Mirage Hotel & Casino in
Las Vegas. The $1,045 event, which reportedly showcases the best people and
companies in vertical media and direct-response marketing, is attended by more
than 5,000 people.

LeadsCon is also being held at the Marriott Marquis in New York on Aug. 14 and
Aug. 15.

The Omni Richmond Hotel in Richmond, Va., is the location of the Office of the
Comptroller of the Currency's Compliance Risk workshop and Credit Risk: A
Director's Focus workshop on March 25 and March 26. Both workshops are designed
specifically for bank directors and taught by experienced OCC supervision staff.
Each event costs $99 and is limited to 35 attendees. Registration is online at
www.seiservices.com/occ/.

The OCC is also holding Credit Risk and Risk Assessment workshops at the Wyndham
Atlanta Galleria in Atlanta on April 8 and April 9.

On March 26, the Securities and Exchange Commission is hosting a cybersecurity
roundtable at its Washington, D.C., headquarters. The event will include
discussions on issues and challenges raised by cybersecurity for market
participants and public companies and how they are addressing those concerns.

From March 30 until April 2, the 2014 National Interagency Community
Reinvestment Conference is being held at the Hyatt Regency Chicago. The event is
sponsored by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp., Federal Reserve Banks of
Chicago and San Francisco, OCC and Department of the Treasury's CDFI Fund.
Registration prices range from $175 to $695 depending on the type of attendee.
Keynote speakers include Fed Chair Janet Yellen, FDIC Chairman Martin J.
Gruenberg and Comptroller of the Currency Thomas J. Curry.

Consumer Financial Protection Bureau officials and Rep. Ann Wagner (R-Mo.) will
be speaking at American Legal & Financial Network's Advocacy Day. The event
takes place on April 9 at the Westin National Harbor in Washington, D.C. The
cost is $150.

"The ALFN Advocacy Day is designed to offer attendees a look at the regulatory
and legislative landscapes affecting the mortgage banking industry," the event
website says. "With a balanced approach to both legislative and regulatory
affairs, attendees receive forward-looking legislative insights and an
understanding of the 'here and now' as regulators interpret, write and implement
new rules governing the mortgage banking industry and its practitioners."

Michael S. Waldron and Reid F. Herlihy of Ballard Spahr LLP are scheduled to
speak at Mortgage Servicing News' 8th Annual Mortgage Servicing Conference
during the session "The New "Normal": Life After the Effective Date of the
Mortgage Servicing Rules." The conference is being held at the Westin Galleria
in Dallas on April 23 and April 25 and costs $995 for lenders and servicers and
$1,295 for all other professionals.

On May 1 and May 2, the American Bankruptcy Institute is hosting its 8th Annual
Credit & Bankruptcy Symposium at the Mohegan Sun Resort & Casino in Uncasville,
Conn.

The Hyatt Regency Hill Country Resort and Spa in San Antonio, Texas is the venue
for the Texas Mortgage Bankers Association's 98th Annual Convention. The event,
which begins on May 4 and continues until May 6, costs between $425 and $885
depending on membership status and whether registration is purchased before or
after April 1.

___ (c)2014 Mortgage Daily Visit Mortgage Daily at www.mortgagedaily.com
Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: March 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140312-1MG-Conferences-Address-Range-of-Mortgage-Issues-0312-20140312

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1MG


                                 Copyright 2014


                              98 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                     San Mateo County Times (San Mateo, CA)

                           January 24, 2004 Saturday

ID theft on rise in state

BYLINE: By Josh Richman, STAFF WRITER

SECTION: LOCAL & REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 385 words


The East Bay has the sixth-highest rate of identity theft among the nation's
major metropolitan areas, according to a Federal Trade Commission report
released this week.

The Oakland Primary Metropolitan Statistical Area -- which is Alameda and Contra
Costa counties -- produced 3,002 identity-theft complaints last year, which was
125.5 per 100,000 residents, the report found. But California localities landed
four other berths in the national Top 10, too.

Los Angeles/Long Beach was ranked second in the nation with 136.7 complaints per
100,000 residents; Riverside and San Bernardino counties ranked third with 134.6
per 100,000; Orange County ranked eighth with 116.6 per 100,000; and San Diego
ranked 10th with 105.8 per 100,000.

All together, they boosted California to the third-highest per capita rate among
the states, behind Arizona and Nevada; California had ranked second in 2002,
behind Washington, D.C.

Across the nation, identity theft complaints jumped 33 percent from 161,836 in
2002 to 214,905 in 2003. California's increase was slightly less than that -- 28
percent, from

30,738 complaints to 39,452.

The kinds of identity theft most often reported by California victims were
credit card fraud at 32 percent; phone or utility fraud, 21 percent; bank fraud,
18 percent; employment-related fraud, 14 percent; government documents or
benefits fraud, 9 percent; loan fraud, 5 percent; and other fraud, 18 percent.
That adds up to more than 100 percent because about one in five California
complainants reported they were victims of more than one kind of identity fraud.

Identity theft represented 42 percent of the total number of fraud-related
complaints made to the FTC in 2003, up from 40 percent in 2002.

"You can't be too careful when it comes to guarding your personal information,"
remarked state Sen. Deborah Bowen, D-Redondo Beach, who authored the state's
2001 identity theft prevention law forcing businesses to stop using Social
Security numbers as a public identifier. "We have our work cut out for us to
make it harder for criminals to rip off people's identities.

"Just increasing the penalties for identity theft isn't going to do it, because
you can't throw the book at a criminal you can't catch."

Contact Josh Richman at jrichman@angnewspapers.com

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

            Copyright 2004 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers


                              99 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 26, 2016 Monday

IRS Revenue Officer Pleads Guilty To Mail And Wire Fraud, Filing And Preparing
False Tax Returns, And Perjury

LENGTH: 590  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office for the United States Attorneys,Eastern District of New York
has issued the following news release:



  This afternoon, at the federal courthouse in Brooklyn, James C. Brewer, a
Revenue Officer of the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) who had been assigned to
the Edison, New Jersey, IRS office before his arrest, pled guilty to 12 counts
of filing or preparing false tax returns, 12 counts of wire fraud, and one count
of mail fraud, all in connection with a multi-year scheme to falsify his tax
returns and the tax returns of others and to enrich himself with inflated
refunds.  Brewer also pled guilty to committing perjury in United States Tax
Court in 2012.





 At sentencing, Brewer faces a maximum term of 20 years' imprisonment on each
wire fraud and mail fraud count, a maximum of three years' imprisonment on each
tax fraud count, and a maximum of five years' imprisonment on the perjury count.
As part of his plea agreement, Brewer agreed to make restitution to the IRS of
over $70,000, plus interest and penalties, and he is subject to fines as well.



 The plea was announced by Robert L. Capers, United States Attorney for the
Eastern District of New York, Jonathan D. Larsen, Special Agent-in-Charge,
Internal Revenue Service-Criminal Investigation (IRS-CI), Newark Field Office,
and Rodney A. Davis, Special Agent-in-Charge, Treasury Inspector General for Tax
Administration (TIGTA), Washington Field Division.  In announcing the guilty
plea, Mr. Capers expressed his grateful appreciation to the United States
Attorney's Office for the District of New Jersey, the United States Attorney's
Office for the District of Nevada, IRS-CI, Las Vegas Field Office, and the
Treasury Inspector General for TIGTA, Denver Field Division, for their
assistance in this case.



 According to court filings and statements made during the guilty plea, as part
of a scheme to fraudulently reduce his taxable income and increase his tax
refunds, Brewer failed to report any income he received for an unauthorized tax
preparation business, underreported the gross receipts earned from an Internet
retail business, and claimed false dependents on federal tax returns he prepared
and filed on his behalf for three tax years.  Brewer also engaged in a
multi-year scheme in which he prepared and filed false tax returns for others.
Brewer listed false dependents and false deductions on these returns, among
other materially false information, in order to cause his clients to receive
refunds to which they were otherwise not entitled or fraudulently inflate their
refunds.  In doing so, Brewer listed the names and social security numbers of
various individuals on those tax returns as dependents without those
individuals' authorization.  Brewer also diverted a portion of those clients'
refunds to himself, in some cases without the clients' authorization or
knowledge.  Finally, in an effort to fraudulently obtain for himself a tax
credit for first time homebuyers, Brewer lied under oath about his residency
when he testified in a matter in the United States Tax Court in New York, New
York.



 The guilty plea was entered before the Hon. Pamela K. Chen at the United States
District Court for the Eastern District of New York.



 The government's case is being handled by the Office's Public Integrity
Section.  Assistant United States Attorneys Tali Farhadian and Moira Kim Penza
are in charge of the prosecution.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             100 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 26, 2016 Monday

IRS Revenue Officer Pleads Guilty To Mail And Wire Fraud, Filing And Preparing
False Tax Returns, And Perjury

LENGTH: 590  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office for the United States Attorneys,Eastern District of New York
has issued the following news release:



  This afternoon, at the federal courthouse in Brooklyn, James C. Brewer, a
Revenue Officer of the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) who had been assigned to
the Edison, New Jersey, IRS office before his arrest, pled guilty to 12 counts
of filing or preparing false tax returns, 12 counts of wire fraud, and one count
of mail fraud, all in connection with a multi-year scheme to falsify his tax
returns and the tax returns of others and to enrich himself with inflated
refunds.  Brewer also pled guilty to committing perjury in United States Tax
Court in 2012.





 At sentencing, Brewer faces a maximum term of 20 years' imprisonment on each
wire fraud and mail fraud count, a maximum of three years' imprisonment on each
tax fraud count, and a maximum of five years' imprisonment on the perjury count.
As part of his plea agreement, Brewer agreed to make restitution to the IRS of
over $70,000, plus interest and penalties, and he is subject to fines as well.



 The plea was announced by Robert L. Capers, United States Attorney for the
Eastern District of New York, Jonathan D. Larsen, Special Agent-in-Charge,
Internal Revenue Service-Criminal Investigation (IRS-CI), Newark Field Office,
and Rodney A. Davis, Special Agent-in-Charge, Treasury Inspector General for Tax
Administration (TIGTA), Washington Field Division.  In announcing the guilty
plea, Mr. Capers expressed his grateful appreciation to the United States
Attorney's Office for the District of New Jersey, the United States Attorney's
Office for the District of Nevada, IRS-CI, Las Vegas Field Office, and the
Treasury Inspector General for TIGTA, Denver Field Division, for their
assistance in this case.



 According to court filings and statements made during the guilty plea, as part
of a scheme to fraudulently reduce his taxable income and increase his tax
refunds, Brewer failed to report any income he received for an unauthorized tax
preparation business, underreported the gross receipts earned from an Internet
retail business, and claimed false dependents on federal tax returns he prepared
and filed on his behalf for three tax years.  Brewer also engaged in a
multi-year scheme in which he prepared and filed false tax returns for others.
Brewer listed false dependents and false deductions on these returns, among
other materially false information, in order to cause his clients to receive
refunds to which they were otherwise not entitled or fraudulently inflate their
refunds.  In doing so, Brewer listed the names and social security numbers of
various individuals on those tax returns as dependents without those
individuals' authorization.  Brewer also diverted a portion of those clients'
refunds to himself, in some cases without the clients' authorization or
knowledge.  Finally, in an effort to fraudulently obtain for himself a tax
credit for first time homebuyers, Brewer lied under oath about his residency
when he testified in a matter in the United States Tax Court in New York, New
York.



 The guilty plea was entered before the Hon. Pamela K. Chen at the United States
District Court for the Eastern District of New York.



 The government's case is being handled by the Office's Public Integrity
Section.  Assistant United States Attorneys Tali Farhadian and Moira Kim Penza
are in charge of the prosecution.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             101 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     May 16, 2002, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Auction fraud top complaint on Internet

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 93 words

Of the 49,711 complaints filed online to the Internet Fraud Complaint Center in
2001, the top complaints were:

Auction fraud: 42.8%

Non-delivery of merchandise: 20.3%

"Nigerian letter fraud" (1): 15.5%

Credit/debit card fraud: 9.4%

Confidence fraud: 3.1%

Investment fraud: 1.7%

Business fraud: 1.4%

Identity fraud: 1.4%

Check fraud: 0.7%

1 - A scam in which victims are promised a share of money misappropriated from a
foreign government. The victim pays large advance fees but never receives any
money.

LOAD-DATE: May 16, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, Color, Sam Ward, USA TODAY, Source: Internet Fraud Complaint
Center's 2001 Internet Fraud Report (CHART)

TYPE: SNAPSHOT

                      Copyright 2002 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             102 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               MortgageDaily.com

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            December 15, 2014 Monday

Appraisal Fraud On the Decline

BYLINE: Mortgage Daily

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 459 words


Dec. 15--When it comes to mortgage fraud, inflated appraisals have become less
of an issue thanks to appraisal regulation. But collusion among buyers and
sellers is worsening.

In 2013, appraisal and property valuation fraud was found in 15 percent of
loans. It was the lowest share in five years.

The share plunged from more than a quarter in the previous year and had been as
much as a third in 2010.

The Home Valuation Code of Conduct and subsequent Appraiser Independence
Requirements were credited for the ongoing improvement in this category.

The findings were discussed in the 16th Annual Mortgage Fraud Report from
LexisNexis.

Nearly three-quarters of loans reported involved application fraud and
misrepresentation, worsening from 69 percent in 2012.

Most prevalent among application fraud was credit misrepresentation, with 17
percent of loans having such fraud.

Collusion among buyers and sellers was 2.2 percent worse last year than in 2012.
Alabama had more potential for collusion than any other state.

"The most noticeable new state with a high percentage of potential non-arm's
length transaction activity is California," the report stated. "Prior to 2013,
California has not previously been in our rankings of the top ten states for
potential collusion activity. In 2013, California is ranked ninth in the listing
of properties transferred with a 20 -- 95 percent loss and sixth in the listing
of properties transferred with a 50 -- 95 percent loss."

The LexisNexis Mortgage Fraud Index compares mortgage fraud in a given state
with the volume of loan originations. The index is determined based on loans
that are reported to the Mortgage Industry Data Exchange, or MIDEX. It is an
indication of the amount of mortgage-related fraud and misrepresentation
involving industry professionals.

The index was 529 in Florida -- worse than all other states. The index level
indicates that fraud in the Sunshine State is more than five times where it
should be based on its level of originations.

Florida has topped the list for the past five years, though its index was down
from 698 in 2012.

Helping Florida ascend to the top of the list was the Miami metropolitan
statistical area, which accounted for 12.3 percent of all MIDEX reports. Another
4.4 percent were loans from the Orlando MSA.

No. 2 Nevada saw its index drop to 221 from 232.

In New Jersey, the index shot up to 209 from 130, while Arizona's index rose to
201 from 144, and Illinois' index climbed to 180 from 156.

The report highlighted Utah, which moved up from No. 21 in the previous report
to No. 7. It was the only time Utah was among the 10 worst states in the past
five years.

___ (c)2014 Mortgage Daily Visit Mortgage Daily at www.mortgagedaily.com
Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20141215-1MG-Appraisal-Fraud-On-the-Decline-1215-20141215

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1MG


                                 Copyright 2014


                             103 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                             April 27, 2010 Tuesday
                            0 South Pinellas Edition

MORTGAGE FRAUD? NO ONE BEATS FLORIDA

BYLINE: ROBERT TRIGAUX

SECTION: TAMPA BAY; ON BUSINESS; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 852 words


Among the 50 states, Florida once again is the mother of mortgage fraud.

Soaring rates in the state, specifically of appraisal fraud and
misrepresentation, guaranteed Florida retained the No. 1 ranking in 2009 for the
fourth year in a row.

An annual ranking unveiled Monday by the Mortgage Asset Research Institute found
that, given the volume of residential mortgages it originates, Florida had close
to three times the expected amount of reported loan fraud and misrepresentation.

That made Florida No. 1 by a comfortable margin in the country, ahead of the
next closest states New York, California, Arizona and Michigan.

"If left unchecked, this (fraud) trend will bankrupt the nation's lending
industry and keep investors from ever returning to the mortgage sector,
restricting mortgage availability to a privileged few," concludes the MARI
report.

Florida's ranked tops in mortgage fraud since 2006, the year the housing bubble
burst and the state's economy began to suffer a toxic shock of plummeting home
prices and soaring unemployment.

Efforts to stem mortgage fraud, mostly via high-profile federal task forces
dedicated to Florida, have earned some publicity but made few serious dents in
the problem. In November, for example, federal prosecutors announced a
nine-month investigation had nabbed more than 100 defendants and 700 properties
from Tampa and Orlando to Jacksonville and Fort Myers. But none of the 22 Tampa
Bay area cases involved the kind of major fraud that helped crash the U.S.
economy.

The failure to stem Florida's epidemic of mortgage fraud imperils the state's
already weak economy.

"The alarming trend from Florida has the potential to threaten that state's
housing recovery more than others, given the area's track record in mortgage
fraud and excess inventory, particularly in the condominium market," says Darius
Borzogi, CEO of Veros, a California company that tracks mortgage trends in
14,000 ZIP codes.

Nationally, reported incidents of mortgage fraud and misrepresentation by
professionals increased 7 percent from 2008, a record year, to 2009.

Why did that happen if the housing market by 2009 was in tatters and the volume
of mortgages and home sales had declined?

Several reasons, MARI said. New technology and changes in the mortgage market
created new opportunities to take advantage of consumers. Fraudsters were also
motivated to maintain "lifestyles obtained during the boom period." Consumers
who were desperate for the American dream of home ownership remained easy
targets. And, MARI said, mortgage fraud was fed by the need for new, creative
methods of moving illicit funds.

For example, 2009 saw record foreclosures in several major metropolitan areas,
especially in Florida. That led to the emergence of several different types of
foreclosure rescue scams.

Let me suggest another reason Florida stays atop the fraud chart. Scam artists
recognize the likelihood of getting caught is small by a law enforcement
community late to respond and overwhelmed by the sheer size of the problem.

In Florida, the subcategory of appraisal fraud soared in 2009, jumping to 36
percent from 18 percent of reported cases in 2008. No other fraud category in
Florida reported such a dramatic increase.

The MARI report says the most common types of appraisal fraud and
misrepresentation for loans originated in 2009 involve incorrect (or fabricated)
comparables, omitted information affecting a home's value, and value inflation.

Appraisers are under pressure, the report acknowledged, because it's already
tough to complete a home sale given the tight market for mortgages and more
conservative financial assessments of potential buyers. Appraisers who do not
deliver relevant values fear they may lose future opportunities for business.
Some agree to "predetermined" valuations. Still others unfamiliar with certain
housing markets, may provide appraisals too high or low to be of use in closing
a sale.

As the MARI report notes, appraisal fraud was probably plentiful earlier when
housing prices were still rising, but few cared enough to report it because it
did not jeopardize the purchase.

Without tougher action, the mortgage fraud epidemic now endangers our entire
recovery.

Contact Robert Trigaux at trigaux@sptimes.com

* * *

Mortgage fraud, misrepresentation in Florida There are various kinds of mortgage
fraud. Some lie on the application. Others use fraudulent information about
appraisals, credit history or employment. Of the fraud cases identified in 2008
and 2009 in Florida, here is a breakdown of the percentage of cases that used
the various kinds of fraud. The numbers add up to more than 100 percent because,
in some cases, more than one kind of fraud was used.
Classification                                              2008        2009
Application                                           67 percent  42 percent
Verification of employment                            21 percent  15 percent
Verification of deposit and/or bank statement         20 percent  11 percent
Tax return and/or financial statement                 29 percent  26 percent
Appraisal                                             18 percent  36 percent
Credit history                                         4 percent   4 percent
Documentation escrow and/or closing documentation     10 percent   2 percent

Source: Mortgage Asset Research Institute April 2010 annual survey

LOAD-DATE: April 27, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2010 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             104 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                           Crain's Cleveland Business

                                August 04, 1997

FEDS BEEF UP FRAUD-FIGHTING EFFORTS

BYLINE: RAQUEL SANTIAGO

SECTION: Health Care; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 814 words


FBI officials searching Columbia/HCA Healthcare Corp. offices across the country
aren't the only ones snooping for health care fraud.

The inspector general's division of the U.S. Department of Health and Human
Services will open a three-agent office in North Point Tower downtown this
month. One agent has been in place here since January.

The inspector general already has a fraud-fighting office in Columbus.
Previously, there was a Cleveland office, but it closed in 1995 due to
downsizing.

The new Cleveland office is one of six the Department of Health and Human
Services has opened nationwide this year. The other new anti-fraud offices are
in Columbia, S.C.; Des Moines, Iowa; Hartford, Conn.; Nashville, Tenn.; and
Oklahoma City. Currently, there are such offices in 29 states.

''The highest priority of this office is health care fraud," said Jack Hartwig,
deputy inspector general of investigations for the office of the inspector
general in Washington, D.C. "Cleveland is a major urban area in Ohio and the
seat of a judicial district. That's what (factored into) the decision to open an
office there, not the number of hospitals... It's not so much (the nature of the
market) we're interested in, as it is the conduct" of health care providers.

Among issues the office will examine are billing for services not rendered,
billing for services not reimbursable, illegal kickbacks and improper physician
referrals, Mr. Hartwig said. He declined to comment on specific cases the
Cleveland office may be investigating.

The office's primary responsibility is to respond to tips and to conduct audits
and investigations of hospitals. To a lesser extent, the office also will
enforce the payment of child support and will guard against the misuse of grants
awarded by the Department of Health and Human Services.

Eight other offices are expected to open by fall 1998. They will be in
Albuquerque, N.M.; Jackson, Miss.; Las Vegas; Omaha, Neb.; Portland, Maine;
Providence, R.I.; Salt Lake City; and Topeka, Kan. By the year 2002, there will
be an inspector general's office in almost every state in the country, Mr.
Hartwig said.

Locations for the six new offices were chosen based on which regions had the
largest Medicare-eligible population and the largest Medicare reimbursement, Mr.
Hartwig said. For instance, Ohio last year received $7.9 billion in Medicare
benefit payments, ranking it seventh nationwide, according to figures provided
by the U.S. Health Care Financing Administration.

Funds for the new offices were made available under the Health Insurance
Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, which budgeted $70 million for the
inspector general for fiscal 1997. In addition, the inspector general received
$34 million in other federal appropriations. Together, the funds are $30 million
more than the inspector general's office received during fiscal 1996.

The monies under the health insurance reform act were committed from the
Medicare Trust Fund to finance activities to combat health care fraud, Mr.
Hartwig said. Those funds will increase annually, hitting $240.6 million in
fiscal year 2003, he said.

Between October 1996 and March 1997, the inspector general's office resolved 420
cases which led to $1 billion in settlements for the Medicare Trust Fund, Mr.
Hartwig said.

The National Health Care Anti-Fraud Association in Washington, D.C., estimated
that 3% to 10% of U.S. health care expenditures are fraudulent.  That means
losses to fraud could range from $30 billion to $100 billion a year, the
association estimated.

The inspector general for the Department of Health and Human Services recently
completed a comprehensive audit of Medicare and found the government overpaid
health providers by $23 billion, or 14% of what it spends on the Medicare
program. The office could not determine how much of that amount was attributed
to fraud.

LOAD-DATE: August 06, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1997 Crain Communications Inc.


                             105 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Journal Record (Oklahoma City, OK)

                             June 28, 2016 Tuesday

Medicaid fraud charges filed

BYLINE: Journal Record Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 440  words


OKLAHOMA CITY - Attorney General Scott Pruitt announced multiple Medicaid fraud
charges as part of a national health care fraud takedown that includes Oklahoma.

The takedown was a nationwide sweep led by the federal Medicare Fraud Strike
Force that resulted in criminal and civil charges against doctors, nurses and
other licensed medical professionals for their alleged participation in health
care fraud. Twenty-three state Medicaid Fraud Control Units participated in the
arrests, including Oklahoma, which charged and arrested six individuals.

Janice Wrenn, 41, of Denver, Colorado, along with her husband, is accused of
submitting false billing requests, seeking false Medicaid reimbursements,
failing to maintain accurate Medicaid records and receiving kickbacks from
Medicaid proceeds.

Wrenn is charged with five counts of Medicaid fraud and one count of conspiracy
to commit Medicaid fraud. If convicted, she faces up to 22 years in prison and
more than $3,500,000 in fines.

Her husband, Darrick Wrenn, 43, is charged with one count of Medicaid fraud and
one count of conspiracy to commit Medicaid fraud. He faces up to 13 years in
prison and fines of more than $1.9 million.

Kimberly Shoals, 42, of Oklahoma City, was charged with two counts of Medicaid
fraud and one count of conspiracy to commit Medicaid fraud. Shoals faces up to
16 years in prison and fines of more than $3.5 million.

Assumpta Lange, 36, of Oklahoma City, worked as a behavioral health professional
providing counseling services to Medicaid recipients. Lange is accused of
billing Medicaid for services she allegedly performed in the United States when
she traveled abroad, adding up to more than $12,000 in Medicaid costs.

Lange is charged with two counts of Medicaid fraud and one count of using a
computer to commit a felony. If convicted, Lange faces up to 11 years in prison
and fines of more than $42,000.

Steve Austin, 54, of Tulsa, is accused of submitting claims for counseling
services that never occurred.

Austin is charged with two felony counts of Medicaid fraud and two misdemeanor
counts of Medicaid fraud. If convicted, Austin faces up to eight years in prison
and fines of more than $79,000.

Charles Eckman, 64, of Nichols Hills, is a physician accused of using the
identity of one of his patients to receive medical services from a local
hospital.

Eckman is charged with one count of false impersonation to receive Medicaid
benefits. If convicted, Eckman faces up to three months in prison and fines of
more than $500.

http://www.journalrecord.com/be-the-first-to-know/ Click here for more from this
resource.

© 2016 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: July 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             106 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                American Banker

                            November 14, 2008 Friday

'08 SAR Filings Are Likely to Set Another Record

BYLINE: Cheyenne Hopkins

SECTION: NATIONAL/GLOBAL; Pg. 2 Vol. 173 No. 221

LENGTH: 602  words


WASHINGTON - The number of suspicious activity reports filed by banks, thrifts,
and credit unions is on track to set a record for the 12th year in a row - every
year since regulators first required the filings, according to data released by
the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network.

In the first six months of this year the number of filings by financial
institutions increased 5% from a year earlier, to 343,974. If that trend
continues, the full-year total is likely to exceed last year's figure of
649,176.

Fincen Director Jim Freis attributed the increase to the expansion of
anti-laundering programs and jumps in specific types of fraud.

"AML programs at all types of financial institutions continue to develop, and
they are not only capturing more suspicious activity - they are reporting it in
ways that are increasingly useful to law enforcement, and that vital interaction
is constantly improving," Mr. Freis said. "There are also notable projected
increases in reports of several types of fraud - not just mortgage fraud, but
consumer loan, credit card, and check fraud."

Reports of mortgage fraud also appear to be on track to set a record. In the
first six months of this year there were 32,660 filings related to suspected
mortgage fraud - more than in all of 2005, and almost as many as in 2006. But
since the housing crisis began, mortgage fraud has been spiking. Last year there
were 52,868 SARs related to mortgage fraud.

Rob Rowe, a vice president and senior counsel at the American Bankers
Association, said the heightened attention on mortgage fraud has put more
attention on fraud in general.

"With mortgage fraud, you have a lot more turmoil in the mortgage markets, and
second, because mortgage fraud has been brought to everyone's attention, bankers
and customers are better at detecting problems," Mr. Rowe said.

There have been similar increases in other lending areas. In the first six
months of this year depository institutions filed 39,410 SARs on check fraud,
versus 71,844 in all of last year; 2,039 on commercial loan fraud SARs, versus
3,645 in all of last year; and 11,085 on consumer loan fraud, versus 17,772 in
all of last year.

Bankers filed 19,809 SARs related to credit card fraud in the first six months
of this year, versus 32,575 in all of last year. There were 18,207 SARs related
to identity theft in the first six months of this year, versus 30,958 in all of
last year.

The states with the most SARs were California, New York, Florida, and Texas. A
record 69,533 reports were filed in California in the first six months of the
year, versus 149,990 in all of last year.

Observers gave different reasons for the filing increase but agreed it is here
to stay.

Robert Serino, a partner at Buckley Kolar LLP and a former Office of Comptroller
of the Currency counsel, said that even though the focus is on the credit
crisis, bankers are not likely to reduce their attention on laundering issues as
a result.

"I think there's great sensitivity in the banks that while the major issue" is
the credit crisis, "they can't totally lose sight of something else," Mr. Serino
said.

David Caruso, the chief executive officer and managing director of Dominion
Advisory Group LLC in Centerville, Va., said that just because there are more
SARs does not necessarily mean there are more criminals.

More data is needed to come to a clearer conclusion about the cause for the
filing increase, he said. "I suspect there's a reasonable number of people in
that SAR population who are repeat offenders passed around from bank to bank,
and that has a real impact for banks, and it clutters up the system."

URL: http://www.americanbanker.com/

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AB


                        Copyright 2008 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             107 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Mortgage Servicing News

                                    May 2012

Short Sale Fraud on the Rise as Criminals Target Servicing

BYLINE: Amilda Dymi

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 16 Vol. 16 No. 6

LENGTH: 587  words


As fraudsters reinvent themselves, insiders warn about recent increases in
short-sale fraud and call for preventive monitoring.

Some homeowners try to manipulate a short sale deal using fraudulent claims of
financial hardship, says Rachel Dollar, an attorney based in California who also
is the editor of the Mortgage Fraud Blog. She recalls "boyfriend and girlfriend"
stories where the girlfriend owns the house, files for a hardship and gets a
short sale deal on owed balances of up to $100,000.

Then the girlfriend sells her house in a short sale to her boyfriend, who deeds
it back to her.

"They're getting creative with that stuff," she said, and servicers are
screening these homeowners to determine their level of hardship, which is "very
difficult to determine" after they claim hardship and submit their bank
statements.

Lenders and servicers do not want another short sale on their books if they can
avoid the foreclosure, more so if said "homeowners in hardship" drive nice cars
and have nice houses and "don't really have a hardship, or they can't really
justify it."

Short sales are representing a higher share in the number of distressed home
sales, says Susan Allen, vice president of strategic relations at CoreLogic.

The fourth-quarter 2011 Interthinx Mortgage Fraud Risk Report shows property
valuation fraud risk, often the starting point for short-sale fraud, increased
nearly 8% compared to the previous quarter. This follows "a period of decline
and stability" in valuation-related fraud.

The Agoura Hills, Calif.-based company also finds that property valuation fraud
is the primary reason certain regions of the New York tristate area-including
Connecticut's Bridgeport and New Haven metropolitan areas, and New Jersey's
Atlantic City and Ocean City metro areas-have moved into the "very high risk"
category.

"Valuation fraud continues to be a problem for lenders," says Mark Chapin, chief
valuation officer for Interthinx. It is a trend that indicates "the collateral
valuation process" is a very sensitive issue in the current marketplace when
many areas around the country are still experiencing home value declines.

Fraud also has been increasing in other areas.

The income and employment fraud risk index, which increased only 1% compared to
the third quarter of 2011, jumped nearly 14% compared to a year ago and 46%
compared to 2010, putting lenders at high risk for this type of fraud.

"Fraud is more of a problem for servicers than it has ever been," said David
Kittle, senior director of industry relations for IMARC, which specializes in
fraud detection.

He finds that fraud is on the rise on the origination side as well, "which is
amazing in and of itself" because regardless of how "lean and fiscal" loans are,
fraudsters are becoming more creative.

About 90% of the fraud committed is on employment and income, he said, as a W-2,
employment verification, or a tax return forms can be remanufactured almost
better than the originals. "It's pretty scary."

In some cases, Kittle says, servicers are stuck with homeowners who "could not
afford the house to begin with and should have never bought it," but nonetheless
have their loans modified down to a payment that takes almost 100% of their
current income on a legitimate verification of employment. Modifications on such
loans are going to redefault.

Kittle wonders how many of these people who committed fraud initially are going
to get $10,000 so they can reduce their mortgages. "We're just going to overlook
that? There's a moral question there."

URL: http://www.mortgageservicingnews.com/

LOAD-DATE: May 1, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter

JOURNAL-CODE: MSN


                        Copyright 2012 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             108 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             National Mortgage News

                               February 28, 2011

Localized Risks Affect State Loan Fraud Rankings

BYLINE: Evan Nemeroff

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 21 Vol. 35 No. 20

LENGTH: 631  words


Despite the national fraud risk index remaining flat from both the previous
quarter and last year, increases in localized ZIP codes can affect the ranking
of a state, according to the latest Mortgage Fraud Risk Report developed by
Interthinx.

The report revealed that the national mortgage fraud risk index is still
elevated at 140. This value is a 3% decline from a year ago and a 2% drop from
the previous quarter.

Illinois had the highest national quarter-on-quarter jump of 26 index points. A
major factor for the large increase is due to ZIP code 60621 in Chicago, which
has been the riskiest area in the country for three consecutive quarters with a
value of 568 in the last quarter. This ranking has caused Chicago's overall risk
to increase dramatically since the second quarter of 2010 from "moderate" to
"very high risk" in the fourth quarter.

Nevada is the state with the highest fraud risk with an index value of 255, due
in part to Las Vegas ranking as the top MSA with the highest mortgage fraud risk
with a value of 288. Experts said the city is likely to remain in the top 10 for
the foreseeable future because current fraud risk predominantly involves
distressed borrowers and properties, and Las Vegas has an overabundance of both.
In the third quarter of 2010, at least 75% of borrowers were underwater, 11% of
households were in the foreclosure process, and short sales and REO represented
30% and 60% of all sales within the city.

Behind Nevada is Arizona and Florida with index values of 210 and 181,
respectively. California, which contains six of the top 10 most risky MSAs, is
ranked fourth with an index value of 180.

Occupancy fraud risk decreased by 4% from the previous quarter and by 28% over
the last year. The decline is likely due to continued downward pressure on
housing prices, which reduces the need to obtain a mortgage, and to the
increasing use of nonbank and "transactional" sources to fund purchase
transactions.

Since the first quarter of 2010, property valuation fraud risk index has
declined each quarter due to the fact that properties acquired through
"flopping" short sale frauds are now being sold to end buyers at or near actual
fair market values. The only MSA to experience an increase from last quarter and
from a year ago is Las Vegas, which is ranked No. 1 on the list with a value of
654. The California cities of Modesto, Vallejo, Riverside and Stockton round out
the list with index values that are double the national value of 254.

Employment/income fraud rose by 8% over the previous quarter and by 28% over the
past year. The report said the increase is likely another indication that "fraud
for property" is on the rise as borrowers, possibly being encouraged by mortgage
professionals, exaggerate their income to qualify for purchase loans,
refinancings and modifications.

Despite not seeing any changes from the previous quarter, identity fraud risk
has increased 27% from the same quarter a year ago. This increase could by
symptomatic of incidents of "fraud for property" where more creditworthy
relatives or friends with higher incomes act as straw buyers for the actual
future homeowner.

"Lenders need to be more vigilant about using fraud detection systems during
refinancings, modifications and purchase transactions that involve the resale of
distressed properties," said Kevin Coop, president of Interthinx.

"In addition, short sales represent an acute risk to lenders. The large number
of distressed borrowers, the lack of risk controls and government pressure to
avoid foreclosures are producing an environment that in some ways resembles the
mortgage market of 2005 to 2006. Lenders and servicers who do not employ robust
controls and analysis at every stage of the mortgage life cycle face significant
financial losses."

URL: http://www.nationalmortgagenews.com//

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NMN


                        Copyright 2011 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             109 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             National Mortgage News

                                 March 26, 2012

Be Wary of Short Sale Fraud

BYLINE: Amilda Dymi

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6 Vol. 36 No. 26

LENGTH: 588  words


As fraudsters reinvent themselves, insiders warn about recent increases in
short-sale fraud and call for preventive monitoring.

Some homeowners try to manipulate a short sale deal using fraudulent claims of
financial hardship, says Rachel Dollar, an attorney based in California who also
is the editor of the Mortgage Fraud Blog. She recalls "boyfriend and girlfriend"
stories where the girlfriend owns the house, files for a hardship and gets a
short sale deal on owed balances of up to $100,000.

Then the girlfriend sells her house in a short sale to her boyfriend, who deeds
it back to her.

"They're getting creative with that stuff," she said, and servicers are
screening these homeowners to determine their level of hardship, which is "very
difficult to determine" after they claim hardship and submit their bank
statements.

Lenders and servicers do not want another short sale on their books if they can
avoid the foreclosure, more so if said "homeowners in hardship" drive nice cars
and have nice houses and "don't really have a hardship, or they can't really
justify it."

Short sales are representing a higher share in the number of distressed home
sales, says Susan Allen, vice president of strategic relations at CoreLogic.

At the fourth-quarter 2011 Interthinx Mortgage Fraud Risk Report shows property
valuation fraud risk, often the starting point for short-sale fraud, increased
nearly 8% compared to the previous quarter. This follows "a period of decline
and stability" in valuation-related fraud.

The Agoura Hills, Calif.-based company also finds that property valuation fraud
is the primary reason certain regions of the New York Tri-State area-including
Connecticut's Bridgeport and New Haven metropolitan areas, and New Jersey's
Atlantic City and Ocean City metro areas-have moved into the "very high risk"
category.

"Valuation fraud continues to be a problem for lenders," says Mark Chapin, chief
valuation officer for Interthinx. It is a trend that indicates "the collateral
valuation process" is a very sensitive issue in the current marketplace when
many areas around the country are still experiencing home value declines.

Fraud also has been increasing in other areas.

The income and employment fraud risk index, which increased only 1% compared to
the third quarter of 2011, jumped nearly 14% compared to a year ago and 46%
compared to 2010, putting lenders at high risk for this type of fraud.

"Fraud is more of a problem for servicers than it has ever been," said David
Kittle, senior director of industry relations for IMARC, which specializes in
fraud detection.

He finds that fraud is on the rise on the origination side as well, "which is
amazing in and of itself" because regardless of how "lean and fiscal" loans are,
fraudsters are becoming more creative.

About 90% of the fraud committed is on employment and income, he said, as a W-2,
employment verification, or a tax return forms can be remanufactured almost
better than the originals. "It's pretty scary."

In some cases, Kittle says, servicers are stuck with homeowners who "could not
afford the house to begin with and should have never bought it," but nonetheless
have their loans modified down to a payment that takes almost 100% of their
current income on a legitimate verification of employment. Modifications on such
loans are going to redefault.

Kittle wonders how many of these people who committed fraud initially are going
to get $10,000 so they can reduce their mortgages. "We're just going to overlook
that? There's a moral question there."

URL: http://www.nationalmortgagenews.com//

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NMN


                        Copyright 2012 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             110 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 20, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: IRS Revenue Officer Pleads Guilty To Mail And Wire Fraud, Filing And
Preparing False Tax Returns, And Perjury

LENGTH: 623  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Department of Justice has issued the following news release:





    This afternoon, at the federal courthouse in Brooklyn, James C. Brewer, a
Revenue Officer of the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) who had been assigned to
the Edison, New Jersey, IRS office before his arrest, pled guilty to 12 counts
of filing or preparing false tax returns, 12 counts of wire fraud, and one count
of mail fraud, all in connection with a multi-year scheme to falsify his tax
returns and the tax returns of others and to enrich himself with inflated
refunds.  Brewer also pled guilty to committing perjury in United States Tax
Court in 2012.



    At sentencing, Brewer faces a maximum term of 20 years' imprisonment on each
wire fraud and mail fraud count, a maximum of three years' imprisonment on each
tax fraud count, and a maximum of five years' imprisonment on the perjury count.
As part of his plea agreement, Brewer agreed to make restitution to the IRS of
over $70,000, plus interest and penalties, and he is subject to fines as well.

    The plea was announced by Robert L. Capers, United States Attorney for the
Eastern District of New York, Jonathan D. Larsen, Special Agent-in-Charge,
Internal Revenue Service-Criminal Investigation (IRS-CI), Newark Field Office,
and Rodney A. Davis, Special Agent-in-Charge, Treasury Inspector General for Tax
Administration (TIGTA), Washington Field Division.  In announcing the guilty
plea, Mr. Capers expressed his grateful appreciation to the United States
Attorney's Office for the District of New Jersey, the United States Attorney's
Office for the District of Nevada, IRS-CI, Las Vegas Field Office, and the
Treasury Inspector General for TIGTA, Denver Field Division, for their
assistance in this case.

    According to court filings and statements made during the guilty plea, as
part of a scheme to fraudulently reduce his taxable income and increase his tax
refunds, Brewer failed to report any income he received for an unauthorized tax
preparation business, underreported the gross receipts earned from an Internet
retail business, and claimed false dependents on federal tax returns he prepared
and filed on his behalf for three tax years.  Brewer also engaged in a
multi-year scheme in which he prepared and filed false tax returns for others.
Brewer listed false dependents and false deductions on these returns, among
other materially false information, in order to cause his clients to receive
refunds to which they were otherwise not entitled or fraudulently inflate their
refunds.  In doing so, Brewer listed the names and social security numbers of
various individuals on those tax returns as dependents without those
individuals' authorization.  Brewer also diverted a portion of those clients'
refunds to himself, in some cases without the clients' authorization or
knowledge.  Finally, in an effort to fraudulently obtain for himself a tax
credit for first time homebuyers, Brewer lied under oath about his residency
when he testified in a matter in the United States Tax Court in New York, New
York.

    The guilty plea was entered before the Hon. Pamela K. Chen at the United
States District Court for the Eastern District of New York.

    The government's case is being handled by the Office's Public Integrity
Section.  Assistant United States Attorneys Tali Farhadian and Moira Kim Penza
are in charge of the prosecution.

    The Defendant:

    JAMES C. BREWER<br style="box-sizing: border-box;" />
    Age:  39<br style="box-sizing: border-box;" />
    Staten Island, New York

    E.D.N.Y. Docket No. 15 CR 209 (PKC)








 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             111 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 20, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: IRS Revenue Officer Pleads Guilty To Mail And Wire Fraud, Filing And
Preparing False Tax Returns, And Perjury

LENGTH: 623  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Department of Justice has issued the following news release:





    This afternoon, at the federal courthouse in Brooklyn, James C. Brewer, a
Revenue Officer of the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) who had been assigned to
the Edison, New Jersey, IRS office before his arrest, pled guilty to 12 counts
of filing or preparing false tax returns, 12 counts of wire fraud, and one count
of mail fraud, all in connection with a multi-year scheme to falsify his tax
returns and the tax returns of others and to enrich himself with inflated
refunds.  Brewer also pled guilty to committing perjury in United States Tax
Court in 2012.



    At sentencing, Brewer faces a maximum term of 20 years' imprisonment on each
wire fraud and mail fraud count, a maximum of three years' imprisonment on each
tax fraud count, and a maximum of five years' imprisonment on the perjury count.
As part of his plea agreement, Brewer agreed to make restitution to the IRS of
over $70,000, plus interest and penalties, and he is subject to fines as well.

    The plea was announced by Robert L. Capers, United States Attorney for the
Eastern District of New York, Jonathan D. Larsen, Special Agent-in-Charge,
Internal Revenue Service-Criminal Investigation (IRS-CI), Newark Field Office,
and Rodney A. Davis, Special Agent-in-Charge, Treasury Inspector General for Tax
Administration (TIGTA), Washington Field Division.  In announcing the guilty
plea, Mr. Capers expressed his grateful appreciation to the United States
Attorney's Office for the District of New Jersey, the United States Attorney's
Office for the District of Nevada, IRS-CI, Las Vegas Field Office, and the
Treasury Inspector General for TIGTA, Denver Field Division, for their
assistance in this case.

    According to court filings and statements made during the guilty plea, as
part of a scheme to fraudulently reduce his taxable income and increase his tax
refunds, Brewer failed to report any income he received for an unauthorized tax
preparation business, underreported the gross receipts earned from an Internet
retail business, and claimed false dependents on federal tax returns he prepared
and filed on his behalf for three tax years.  Brewer also engaged in a
multi-year scheme in which he prepared and filed false tax returns for others.
Brewer listed false dependents and false deductions on these returns, among
other materially false information, in order to cause his clients to receive
refunds to which they were otherwise not entitled or fraudulently inflate their
refunds.  In doing so, Brewer listed the names and social security numbers of
various individuals on those tax returns as dependents without those
individuals' authorization.  Brewer also diverted a portion of those clients'
refunds to himself, in some cases without the clients' authorization or
knowledge.  Finally, in an effort to fraudulently obtain for himself a tax
credit for first time homebuyers, Brewer lied under oath about his residency
when he testified in a matter in the United States Tax Court in New York, New
York.

    The guilty plea was entered before the Hon. Pamela K. Chen at the United
States District Court for the Eastern District of New York.

    The government's case is being handled by the Office's Public Integrity
Section.  Assistant United States Attorneys Tali Farhadian and Moira Kim Penza
are in charge of the prosecution.

    The Defendant:

    JAMES C. BREWER<br style="box-sizing: border-box;" />
    Age:  39<br style="box-sizing: border-box;" />
    Staten Island, New York

    E.D.N.Y. Docket No. 15 CR 209 (PKC)








 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             112 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

           St. Louis Daily Record/St. Louis Countian (St. Louis, MO)

                             October 1, 2004 Friday

Federal agencies target real estate lending fraud

BYLINE: Mike Nixon

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 640 words


The Federal Bureau of Investigation last week announced legal action against 205
individuals, including four from Missouri, in the largest single real estate
financing fraud sting in the agency's history.

With the implementation of Operation Continued Action this summer, 158
investigations involving more than 245 subjects have yielded the filing of 151
indictments, informants and complaints to date. More than 144 arrests were made
in August and September alone and represent the loss of more than $3 billion
resulting from fraudulent activity against financial institutions in real estate
related operations. Since its inception in 2000, agents working with the OCA, as
the primary law enforcement protector of financial institutions, have secured
more than 11,466 indictments and 11,362 convictions.

"[This initiative] reflects the FBI's mission and effort to identify, target,
disrupt and dismantle criminal organizations and individual operations engaged
in fraud schemes that target our nation's financial institutions," said Chris
Swecker, assistant director for the FBI criminal investigation division.

The latest OCA enforcement action involved a coordinated effort of FBI field
offices in 47 states and included cooperation from local law enforcement and
select financial institutions. From the FBI's Kansas City Division alone,
arraignments have been held for Chauncey Joseph Calvert, Aronda Lynn Nicodemus,
Roderick Neil Criss and Brent Barber, d/b/a Midtowne Restoration, in the U.S.
District Court of Western Missouri. These suspects are charged with having
allegedly operated a mortgage fraud ring in which straw purchasers were used to
secure property that was in turn foreclosed upon. This action was repeated
approximately 300 times and resulted in losses by victims that exceeded $15
million.

The St. Louis FBI field office could not disclose if any investigations into
real estate lending fraud have taken place recently on the eastern side of the
state. At the same time, the Better Business Bureau of Eastern Missouri and
Southern Illinois said it had 652 consumer complaints against Mortgage and
Escrow Cos. in 2003 alone. A BBB spokesman said he did not know if any of those
cases might be connected to the FBI investigations.

In Chicago, Jeffrey Grossman and Donald Grauer both plead guilty to bank fraud
and were charged in U.S. District Court regarding business conducted by them as
The Churchill Group. This duo admitted to their part in operating several real
estate developments in the Chicago area, including the construction of two
condominium complexes from which they allegedly submitted fraudulent vouchers as
part of their monthly draw from the Oak Brook Bank and the Fifth Third Bank.
Losses attributed to this duo exceeded $15 million.

Other mortgage fraud cases involved in this latest sting include criminal
activity in Charlotte, N.C., Jacksonville, Fla., Albany, N.Y., Cleveland,
Detroit, Salt Lake City, San Diego, Denver and New York City.

"The Mortgage Bankers Association applauds the FBI for its efforts to bring
criminal charges against individuals who are engaged in fraud schemes that
target our nation's financial institutions - including mortgage bankers," said
the MBA in a prepared statement provided by media relations spokeswoman Laura
Armstrong. "Our lenders have seen an increase in the number and variety of
fraudulent schemes over the last several years committed against them. It has
cost the mortgage banking industry and other financial service providers
billions of dollars."

Both FBI and MBA sources identify mortgage fraud as a growing problem in the
real estate industry. According to the Internal Revenue Service, mortgage fraud
cases investigated from IRS offices alone so far in 2004 have resulted in 69
indictments and 67 convictions.

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

                      Copyright 2004 Dolan Media Newswires


                             113 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                February 4, 1992, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

F.B.I. Turns to Health Industry Fraud

BYLINE: By DAVID JOHNSTON,  Special to The New York Times

SECTION: Section A; Page 16; Column 4; National Desk

LENGTH: 552 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Feb. 3


With losses from health-care fraud estimated in the billions of dollars, the
Justice Department announced today that it would increase the number of
investigators assigned to the health-care industry and set up special
prosecution units in a dozen cities.

The Federal Bureau of Investigation will reassign 50 agents from
counterespionage and counterterrorism activities to augment the nearly 100
agents currently assigned to health-care fraud. The newly reassigned agents will
be sent to the 12 cities where the new units are being established.

"These agents will work exclusively on the investigation of health-care fraud
and abuse offenses through the use of various investigative techniques,"
Attorney General William P. Barr said. Aides said those techniques would include
sting operations.

False Billings, Staged Accidents

A Justice Department report on health-care faud released today said that the
F.B.I. would particularly be looking at false billings, insurance companies that
sell health plans without adequate reserves to pay claims, staged accidents and
phony claims.

The special units will be created in localities where the problem is regarded as
especially acute, department officials said. The cities are Baltimore;
Charlotte, N.C.; Chicago; Dallas; Detroit; Las Vegas, Nev.; Los Angeles; Miami;
New York; Newark; New Orleans, and Philadelphia.

Although Government officials said they had no official estimate of how much
fraud costs taxpayers and private insurers, William S. Sessions, the Director of
the F.B.I., said that the health-care industry has said that fraud accounts for
up to 10 percent of overall cost. The Justice Department report said that
Americans spent about $738 billion on health care in 1991.

Weeklong Focus on Health Care

The department's announcement comes in a week when the Bush Administration is
placing heavy emphasis on its proposals to make medical coverage more widely
available. Health insurance has caught fire as an issue in this election year.

On Thursday, Mr. Bush is expected to unveil a program to help 90 million
Americans buy health insurance, financed through tax credits and deductions paid
for by curbing the growth of Government health programs like Medicare and
Medicaid.

The department's report, prepared by George J. Terwilliger 3d, the Acting Deputy
Attorney General, said that health-care fraud "is prevalent in every geographic
area of the United States and has expanded to include organized criminal
activity affecting health care programs in both the Government and private
insurance industry."

Not a New Problem

Health-care fraud is not a new problem. The department designated it as one of
the agency's top three white-collar crime priorities in 1986. But in recent
years some officials in other departments, like Health and Human Services, have
complained that Federal prosecutors have shown little interest in such cases.

Justice Department officials said today that the initiative represents an effort
to apply greater resources to health care fraud before it grows into a crisis.
They appeared to be trying to head off a repetition of the kind of heavy
criticism department officials faced two years ago over their seemingly late
recognition of widespread fraud in the savings and loan industry.

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company


                             114 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Mortgage Servicing News

                                   July 2010

Fraud Risk Lingering High

BYLINE: Amilda Dymi

SECTION: SPECIAL REPORT: PORTFOLIO RECOVERY; Pg. 26 Vol. 14 No. 7

LENGTH: 329  words


Mortgage fraud, recognized as an impediment to lender-servicer efforts to
maximize portfolio recovery, is on the rise and expected to get worse,
especially in property valuations.

Among others, the 1Q10 Interthinx National Fraud Risk Index, based on the four
most common type mortgage fraud risk indices, shows the overall fraud risk
reached its highest level in six years. Data confirm what the nation's lenders
and servicers have been saying all along. Constance Wilson, EVP, Interthinx,
Agoura Hills, Calif., told this publication that fraud risk mitigation "is a top
priority" and must remain so.

"Fraud continues to plague the collateral valuation function, and the fact that
more than 12 million unregulated BPOs were produced in 2009, and are
increasingly used by lenders and servicers simply due to a lack of effective
appraisal solutions," says Mark Linne, EVP of AppraisalWorld, San Jose, Calif.
"Our industry is in desperate need of reliable and economical ways to address
the pervasive issue of mortgage fraud."

The Interthinx risk index increased by 4% from 4Q09 and 11% from 1Q09 to 151 (n
= 100) exceeding 150 for the first time since 2004. Arizona, Nevada, California,
Florida and Michigan remain the top five states with the highest fraud risk.
According to the Mortgage Fraud Risk Report after a brief improvement in 4Q09
property valuation fraud risk resumed the upward trend that began in the fourth
quarter of 2007, and it remains the primary driver of fraud risk. Many in the
industry now focus on appraisal reviews that comply with the Home Valuation Code
of Conduct established in 2009 to provide standards for Fannie Mae or Freddie
Mac loans. Lenders must use existing technologies and analytics to mitigate this
type of risk, says Wilson, as "the best way to avoid business-crippling risks,"
and the reason why large and small shops "must take this type of fraud into
consideration" as they develop their business strategies and anticipate market
trends.

URL: http://www.mortgageservicingnews.com/

LOAD-DATE: June 30, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter

JOURNAL-CODE: MSN


                        Copyright 2010 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             115 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                             June 28, 2016 Tuesday

AG Pruitt Files Medicaid Fraud Charges in National Healthcare Fraud Takedown
Effort

LENGTH: 479  words


Attorney General Scott Pruitt announced Monday multiple Medicaid fraud charges
as part of a national health care fraud takedown.

The takedown was a nationwide sweep led by the federal Medicare Fraud Strike
Force and resulted in criminal and civil charges against doctors, nurses and
other licensed medical professionals, for their alleged participation in health
care fraud schemes. Twenty-three state Medicaid Fraud Control Units participated
in the arrests, including Oklahoma, who charged and arrested six individuals.

Janice Wrenn, 41, of Denver, CO, along with her husband, is accused of
submitting false billing requests, seeking false Medicaid reimbursements,
failing to maintain accurate Medicaid records and receiving kickbacks from
Medicaid proceeds.

Wrenn is charged with five counts of Medicaid fraud and one count of conspiracy
to commit Medicaid fraud. If convicted, Wrenn faces up to 22 years in prison and
more than $3,500,000 in fines. Wrenns husband, Darrick Wrenn, 43, is charged
with one count of Medicaid fraud and one count of conspiracy to commit Medicaid
fraud. D. Wrenn faces up to 13 years in prison and fines of more than
$1,900,000. Also charged is Kimberly Shoals, 42, of Oklahoma City, with two
counts of Medicaid fraud and one count of conspiracy to commit Medicaid fraud.
Shoals faces up to 16 years in prison and fines of more than $3,500,000.

Assumpta Lange, 36, of Oklahoma City, worked as a behavioral health professional
providing counseling services to Medicaid recipients. Lange is accused of
billing Medicaid for services she allegedly performed in the United States when
she traveled abroad, adding up to more than $12,000 in Medicaid costs.

Lange is charged with two counts of Medicaid fraud and one count of using a
computer to commit a felony. If convicted, Lange faces up to 11 years in prison
and fines of more than $42,000.

Steve Austin, 54, of Tulsa, is accused of submitting claims for counseling
services that never occurred.

Austin is charged with two felony counts of Medicaid fraud and two misdemeanor
counts of Medicaid fraud. If convicted, Austin faces up to eight years in prison
and fines of more than $79,000.

Charles Eckman, 64, of Nichols Hills, is a physician accused of using the
identity of one of his patients to receive medical services from a local
hospital.

Eckman is charged with one count of false impersonation to receive Medicaid
benefits. If convicted, Eckman faces up to three months in prison and fines of
more than $500.

The AGs Medicaid Fraud Control Unit is the only Oklahoma law enforcement agency
dedicated to the investigation and prosecution of Medicaid fraud and provider
fraud. The Unit also investigates and prosecutes abuse of residents in
Medicaid-funded nursing homes and state facilities. To report suspected Medicaid
fraud, contact the AGs Office at (405) 522-2963. 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             116 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                           January 19, 2012 Thursday
                                 METRO EDITION

Alleged fraudster is back at work

BYLINE: DAN BROWNING; STAFF WRITER, STAR TRIBUNE (Mpls.-St. Paul)

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4B

LENGTH: 563 words



HIGHLIGHT: Feds say that a mortgage fraud indictment failed to stop a Twin
Cities man from committing more crimes.


Federal agents say longtime Hastings resident Jim Hoffman has been stealing
money from investors in an Iowa real estate project even while he awaits trial
on mortgage fraud charges.

A search warrant made public Wednesday in Minneapolis says Hoffman, 52,
solicited nearly $400,000 from investors to convert a building in Muscatine,
Iowa, into an assisted-living residence for the elderly. But he spent nearly all
of the money on personal expenses, including $6,500 a month for a luxury home in
Stillwater, where he's been living since September, FBI Special Agent Jared Kary
wrote in a sworn statement.

"There's nothing there that's a crime," Peter Wold, one of Hoffman's attorneys,
said in response to the warrant. "It's a good investment that's legitimate," he
added.

Hoffman and his wife, Teresa Gay Hoffman, were indicted Oct. 17 on charges of
conspiracy to commit mortgage fraud and wire fraud. Prosecutors notified Wold
last month that they expect to file additional charges, and possibly charge
another defendant in the case.

"It appears that Hoffman has done nothing but fraud schemes related to real
estate or bank fraud since 1995," Kary wrote in his affidavit.

"There's two sides to that story," Wold said. "Obviously, people have been
affected by the downturn in the real estate market and that wasn't lost on Jim
Hoffman; he got burned by it."

But Wold said Hoffman's deals were all "real places, real houses, real condos,
real real estate. It's not made up of fake invoices or fake properties or
anything like that."

Father-and-son business

The FBI statement said that Hoffman has been promoting the Muscatine project
since December 2010 through a Miami-based company called Corner Block Capital.
The registered agent for that firm is listed as Hoffman's 24-year-old son,
Benjamin, who could not be reached immediately for comment.

A person Kary identified only as "Individual A" helped raise $378,000 from five
investors for the Muscatine project. He said Jim and Benjamin Hoffman told their
fundraiser to transfer the money into an account held by Corner Block Capital at
Wells Fargo. The money was moved in three installments between Aug. 19 and Sept.
21.

Although the money was supposed to go to the assisted-living project, Kary said,
Hoffman tapped the money for at least $200,000 in personal expenses between Aug.
22 and Nov. 2. He also used $50,000 of the funds to pay a legal retainer for him
and his wife, Kary said.

Hoffman continued to solicit investors for the project as recently as last week,
Kary wrote. As of Jan. 9, Corner Block had failed to buy the building and lacks
the money to do so, a fact that Hoffman has concealed from the investors "on
whose funds he has been living since August," Kary said.

The search warrant also said that in May, Hoffman solicited $105,000 from three
people for an investment in another Miami firm called Infinity 8020. Florida
business records list Benjamin Hoffman as its manager.

That money was supposed to be used to start a company that would manage the
Muscatine project, Kary said. But he said that Hoffman and his son converted
about $80,000 to their own use, including monthly payments of $2,300 for
Benjamin Hoffman's South Beach apartment.

Kary said that Jim Hoffman hasn't had any legitimate source of income since 2001
and has been under investigation by law enforcement since at least 2003.

Dan Browning - 612-673-4493

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2012 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             117 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Florida Times-Union (Jacksonville)

                           November 4, 2006 Saturday

Morning briefs

SECTION: Pg. D-6

LENGTH: 604 words


INTERLINE BRANDS SEES EARNINGS RISE 45 PERCENT

Interline Brands Inc. reported late Thursday that third-quarter earnings rose 46
percent to $14.2 million, or 43 cents per diluted share. Sales for the
Jacksonville-based distributor of maintenance, repair and operations products
rose 39 percent to $314.2 million.

The earnings beat the consensus forecast of 40 cents a share by analysts
surveyed by Thomson Financial.

Interline said revenue growth was helped by the acquisition in July of American
Sanitary Inc., which distributes janitorial and sanitary supplies. It said
average organic daily sales growth was 8.9 percent in the quarter.

Mark Basch/The Times-Union

MORTGAGE FRAUD ON THE RISE, NEW REPORT FINDS

The once-booming housing market and rising popularity of nontraditional home
loans have produced an unwanted byproduct: a 35 percent increase in suspected
mortgage fraud.

A new report by federal regulators indicates the fraud is being perpetrated by
people seeking to buy homes or others in cahoots with brokers and agents who
cheat the system.

The Treasury Department's Financial Crimes Enforcement Network, known as FinCen,
on Friday released its first report on mortgage loan fraud. The agency undertook
the review after seeing a significant rise in the number of so-called suspicious
activity reports it received from U.S. banks that concerned mortgage loan fraud.

The sample of 1,054 reports reviewed by FinCen came from financial institutions
in all 50 states, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, Guam and American
Samoa. The highest incidences of suspected fraud in 2005 were in California,
Florida, Georgia, Illinois and Texas.

Federal banking regulators have said that mortgage fraud is growing because it
can be very lucrative and fairly easy to perpetrate, especially in areas where
home prices have been rising rapidly.

Associated Press

FORMER MCKESSON EXECS GET MISTRIAL, ACQUITTAL

Two former McKesson Corp. executives were acquitted Friday on one count each of
federal securities fraud, but a mistrial was declared on six other counts in a
$9 billion accounting scandal at the pharmaceutical distribution company.

Charles W. McCall, the former McKesson Corp. chairman, was charged with
fabricating revenue and then trying to cover up a conspiracy to inflate profit
before its 1999 merger with Atlanta-based HBO & Co. Jay Lapine, the former
general counsel of HBO, a health services software maker, faced similar charges.

Four other executives of the combined company, now the nation's largest
pharmaceutical distributor, were convicted in the scheme in which HBO executives
overstated revenue by more than $300 million.

Associated Press

APOLLO GROUP TO RESTATE EARNINGS, EXECS RESIGN

For-profit education provider Apollo Group Inc. said Friday its Chief Financial
Officer and Treasurer Kenda Gonzales has resigned, and that it will restate
financial reports to record additional charges related to stock-option granting
practices.

The company said Gonzales resigned Wednesday, citing personal reasons. Apollo
also said Chief Accounting Officer Dan Bachus was put on administrative leave.

The company has not determined the amount of the charges involved, the resulting
tax and accounting impact or exactly which periods may require restatement, but
said it will cooperate with the SEC.

But in an SEC filing Friday, the company said it expects to restate financial
reports it filed from 2001 to 2005, as well as the first two quarters of 2006.
Apollo said previously issued financial statements and other historical
financial information and related disclosures related to this period are no
longer accurate.

Bloomberg News

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 The Florida Times-Union


                             118 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            August 22, 2009 Saturday
                                  City Edition

FOUR FACE TRIAL IN TULSA FRAUD

BYLINE: STAFF REPORTS

SECTION: BUSINESS; OKLAHOMA BRIEFS; Pg. 4B

LENGTH: 410 words

DATELINE: MUSKOGEE


MUSKOGEE - Three Oklahomans and a Missourian have entered not-guilty pleas to
charges of conspiracy to commit wire fraud in connection with mortgage fraud in
the Tulsa area, U.S. Attorney Sheldon J. Sperling said. Gerald Wayne Snow, 68,
of Broken Arrow; Gerald Wayne Snow Jr., 40, of Tulsa; Gaile Diana Cates, 37, of
Tulsa; and Ayo Dineji Olaniyan, 33, of Joplin, Mo., face trial Oct. 5 before
U.S. District Judge Ronald A. White in Muskogee, Sperling said.

Fort Sill hotel renovation set

LAWTON - Fort Sill is among 10 U.S. Army posts with hotels to be redeveloped
under the InterContinental Hotels Group brand with a $25 million mezzanine loan
from Dallas-based Behringer Harvard Opportunity REIT II Inc. Behringer Harvard
is capitalizing on an opportunity created by the dislocation of the capital
markets to renovate the property.

Orchids Paper goes public

PRYOR - Orchids Paper Products Co. has priced an underwritten public offering of
750,000 shares of common stock at $18.50 per share. The offering is expected to
produce proceeds of about $13.9 million, or about $16 million if the underwriter
exercises its full over-allotment option. Orchids plans to use the proceeds to
build a warehouse, to buy and install a new converting line, and for general
corporate purposes.

Catoosa port shipping drops

TULSA - Total shipping decreased in July from the Port of Catoosa, but movements
of steel and steel products increased, port officials said. Between the first of
the year and the end of July, the Port of Catoosa handled 1,229,606 tons of
cargo.

Akins baby food event planned

Akins Natural Foods stores in Oklahoma City will host free Tastybaby organic
baby food tastings today . The event will be from 11 a.m. to 3 p.m. at both
Akins locations, 2370 W Memorial Road and NW 63 Street and May Avenue. Malibu,
Calif.- based Tastybaby creates frozen puree baby foods that are USDA certified
organic.

Red Cross honors donor

The American Red Cross of Central Oklahoma, 601 NE 6, will dedicate its memorial
gardens to Vynomma  Argo, who bequeathed a significant donation, at 1 p.m.
Wednesday. The Vynomma Argo Memorial Gardens feature brick landscaping inscribed
with the names of donors and supporters.

Tinker Credit opens new site

Tinker Federal Credit Union has opened its newest branch at 1177 NE 23. The
10,100-square-foot office includes a community room that is available for use.
Tinker has more than $1.9 billion in assets and more than 200,000 members.

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2009 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                             119 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


            Intelligencer Journal/New Era (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                             June 17, 2010 Thursday

Manheim Twp. Doctor Gets 8 Years In Jail For Fraud;
Na Federal Judge Also Orders Dr. Saroj Kumar K. Parida To Pay $7.1 Million In
Restitution.

BYLINE: Larry Alexander

SECTION: A; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 239  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


Staff Writer

A Manheim Township physician has been sentenced to federal prison for fraud.

Dr. Saroj Kumar K. Parida, 50, was sentenced Tuesday in Harrisburg by U.S.
District Court Judge Sylvia H. Rambo to 8 years in federal prison and 3 years of
supervised release. He also was ordered to pay $7.1 million in restitution.

Earlier this year, Parida, a neonatologist, pleaded guilty to one count each of
health care fraud and mail fraud.

Parida, of 760 Goose Neck Drive, Lititz, was charged in 2009 with submitting
millions of dollars in fraudulent medical bills to 23 different health care
benefit programs, including Medicaid, between June 2003 and March 2009,
according to U.S. Attorney Dennis C. Pfannenschmidt of the Middle District of
Pennsylvania.

He was charged with health care and mail fraud in Lancaster and Cumberland
counties, as well as in South Carolina

Prior to sentencing, Parida had paid back $959,000 of the $7,116,423 in
restitution he owed.

In addition, because the case was resolved in cooperation with federal
authorities, investigators seized $5,783,000 that Parida had in investments in
Boston. This amount will be applied to the restitution Parida must pay,
authorities said.

The restitution will be returned to state Medicaid programs and insurance
companies that were defrauded by Parida's false billings.

A neonatologist is a pediatric specialist trained to deal with medical problems
of newborns.

lalexander@lnpnews.com

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Dr. Parida

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.


                             120 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                   Kansas City Daily Record (Kansas City, MO)

                          September 30, 2004 Thursday

Real estate lending fraud targeted

BYLINE: Mike Nixon

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 642 words


The Federal Bureau of Investigation last week announced legal action against 205
individuals, including four from Missouri, in the largest single real estate
financing fraud sting in the agency's history.

With the implementation of Operation Continued Action this summer, 158
investigations involving more than 245 subjects have yielded the filing of 151
indictments, informants, and complaints to date. More than 144 arrests were made
in August and September alone, and represent the loss of more than $3 billion
resulting from fraudulent activity against financial institutions in real estate
related operations.

Since its inception in the year 2000, agents working with the OCA, as the
primary law enforcement protector of financial institutions, have secured more
than 11,466 indictments and 11,362 convictions.

"[This initiative] reflects the FBI's mission and effort to identify, target,
disrupt and dismantle criminal organizations and individual operations engaged
in fraud schemes that target our nation's financial institutions," said Chris
Swecker, assistant director for the FBI criminal investigation division.

The latest OCA enforcement action involved a coordinated effort of FBI field
offices in 47 states and included cooperation from local law enforcement and
select financial institutions. From the FBI's Kansas City Division alone,
arraignments have been held for Chauncey Joseph Calvert, Aronda Lynn Nicodemus,
Roderick Neil Criss and Brent Barber dba Midtowne Restoration in the U.S.
district Court of Western Missouri. These suspects are charged with having
allegedly operated a mortgage fraud ring in which straw purchasers were used to
secure property that was in turn foreclosed upon. This action was repeated
approximately 300 times and resulted in losses by victims that exceeded $15
million.

The St. Louis FBI field office could not disclose if any investigations into
real estate lending fraud have taken place recently on the eastern side of the
state. At the same time the Better Business Bureau of Eastern Missouri and
Southern Illinois said it had 652 consumer complaints against Mortgage and
Escrow Companies in 2003 alone. A BBB spokesman said he did not know if any of
those cases might be connected to the FBI investigations.

In Chicago, Jeffrey Grossman and Donald Grauer both plead guilty to bank fraud
and were charged in U.S. District Court regarding business conducted by them as
The Churchill Group.

This duo admitted to their part in operating several real estate developments in
the Chicago area, including the construction of two condominium complexes from
which they allegedly submitted fraudulent vouchers as part of their monthly draw
from the Oak Brook Bank and the Fifth Third Bank. Losses attributed to this duo
exceeded $15 million.

Other mortgage fraud cases involved in this latest sting include criminal
activity in Charlotte, N.C., Jacksonville, Fla., Albany, N.Y., Cleveland,
Detroit, Salt Lake City, San Diego, Denver and New York City.

"The Mortgage Bankers Association applauds the FBI for its efforts to bring
criminal charges against individuals who are engaged in fraud schemes that
target our nation's financial institutions -- including mortgage bankers," said
the MBA in a prepared statement provided by media relations spokeswoman Laura
Armstrong. "Our lenders have seen an increase in the number and variety of
fraudulent schemes over the last several years committed against them. It has
cost the mortgage banking industry and other financial service providers
billions of dollars."

Both FBI and MBA sources identify mortgage fraud as a growing problem in the
real estate industry. According to the Internal Revenue Service, mortgage fraud
cases investigated from IRS offices alone so far in 2004 have resulted in 69
indictments and 67 convictions.

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

                      Copyright 2004 Dolan Media Newswires


                             121 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                            March 16, 2005 Wednesday

Former Ben Franklin executives get 34 months

BYLINE: Chris Osher

LENGTH: 418 words


Two ex-executives of the former Ben Franklin Technology Center in Hazelwood
remained defiant Tuesday as a federal judge sentenced them to nearly three years
in prison for misappropriating more than $1.5 million.

The lavish trips, expensive parties and fancy meals they had the center buy for
them, their relatives and their staff helped sell Southwestern Pennsylvania,
they argued.

"In our game, networking is what it's about," Lawrence McGeehan, 53, of
Brownsville, Fayette County, the center's former chief executive, told U.S.
District Judge David Cercone.

He said he tried to bring to Pittsburgh a "California-style of entrepreneurship"
more suited to Silicon Valley.

Cercone sentenced McGeehan and the center's ex-vice president, Kathleen Haluska,
52, also of Brownsville, each to 34 months in prison for mail fraud, wire fraud
and major contract fraud. Cercone also ordered them to pay $1.6 million in
restitution.

The charges stemmed from their mismanagement of the high-technology job
development agency from 1994 until 1998. The center, which since has been named
Innovation Works, received $6 million annually from Pennsylvania for job
development grants. The U.S. Navy also awarded an $11.9 million contract to
administer research by contractors in laser and night vision technology.

In August 2004, Haluska pleaded guilty to 11 counts of mail fraud, two counts of
wire fraud and seven counts of major contract fraud. A federal jury later that
month convicted McGeehan of the same charges.

"He's become, for lack of a better term, a broken man," McGeehan's lawyer,
Stephen Begler, said of his client.

He said no one will employ McGeehan. He rents an apartment from Haluska. His
telephone has been turned off. Begler contended that some of the lavish
spending, including $800,000 in Navy money, used for a February 1998 conference
in Tucson, Ariz., had some tangible benefits by showcasing Western Pennsylvania
in an effort to attract entrepreneurs.

Haluska's lawyer, Thomas Livingston, argued his client should be sentenced to
house arrest rather than prison.

Assistant U.S. Attorney James Garrett told the judge the "crux of the case was
the deliberate undermining of the checks and balances that were put in place to
restrain the type of activity that occurred."

The 34-month prison sentences are below the range recommended under federal
guidelines. Cercone said he did so because he feared the sentenced sought by
federal prosecutors "was somewhat disproportionate to the defendants'
culpability."

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2005 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             122 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                            August 5, 1999, Thursday

Insurance firms focus on fraud by employers

BYLINE: BY RON LENT

SECTION: INSURANCE; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 582 words

DATELINE: SAN FRANCISCO


Insurance companies and prosecutors are cracking down on companies that cheat to
get lower workers compensation insurance premiums.

The fraud stems from employers underreporting their gross payroll, understating
the number of employees or miscategorizing their employees or type of work

Though there are no hard figures to define the magnitude of the problem, premium
fraud can give a company an unfair competitive advantage over rivals, said Terry
Delehanty, general counsel for the National Council on Compensation Insurance,
Boca Raton, Fla.

""We're trying to dispel the notion that unscrupulous employers can get away
with this white-collar crime because they think that district attorneys are too
busy with other cases to go to court over something like this,'' said Barry
Gale, deputy district attorney for Los Angeles County.

The California Workers' Compensation Institute reported that California workers
comp insurers in 1998 reported cases that led to 54 arrests and 41 convictions
in employer-related workers comp fraud. The institute reported 35 arrests and 39
convictions in 1997.

Gale said California ""is in the forefront'' in prosecuting workers comp
insurance premium cheaters. He also identified Arkansas and Florida as states
whose insurance departments are active in the field.

Some workers comp insurers ""are just now coming to grips with the severity of
this growing problem,'' said Dennis Jay, executive director for the Coalition
Against Insurance Fraud, in Washington, D.C.

Jay cited Liberty Mutual of Boston; The Hartford of Hartford, Conn.; CNA of
Chicago; and Fireman's Fund of Novato, Calif., as being ""among the most
vigilant in the fight against premium fraud.''

SCIF, San Francisco, and Golden Eagle Insurance Corp., San Diego, ""are two of
the more aggressive companies in combating workers comp fraud,'' said Mark
Miller, assistant vice president of research for the California Workers'
Compensation Institute (SCIF), a research organization in Oakland, Calif.

Sam King, director of Golden Eagle's special investigative unit, said employer
fraud usually takes place in high-risk industries such as residential and
commercial construction, especially with roofers and carpenters.

""Those types of businesses face higher premiums than most, so many of them have
financial incentives to find ways to reduce their workers comp premium costs,
and not all of them are ethical,'' King said.

""A number of unsavory employers deliberately discourage an employee from filing
a claim to ensure that the company maintains a clean loss history,'' King said.

""Some firms might take advantage of an unsophisticated employee by lying. In
these types of situations, an employer might tell them that they're not entitled
to workers comp benefits because they haven't been with the company long enough,
or they might give the injured worker $100 to get medical treatment and not
report the injury to the carrier, thereby keeping their loss history clean.''

Donna Gallagher, SCIF fraud investigations program manager, said her San
Francisco firm's antifraud efforts have resulted in 90 premium fraud arrests and
65 convictions since 1992. That was when California enacted a law requiring the
state's 300 workers' comp insurers to deploy special investigative units such as
the one Gallagher heads.

""We've had 16 more premium fraud arrests in the second quarter this year, and
we're going to keep the heat on premium cheaters,'' she said.

LOAD-DATE: August 5, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1999 Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                             123 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   October 5, 2005, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

Fraud booms with mortgage market

BYLINE: Edward Iwata

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 6B

LENGTH: 781 words

As the U.S. housing market hits record highs, mortgage fraud appears to be
rising from California to Florida, according to mortgage industry researchers
and federal law enforcement agencies.

"Criminals are opportunists," says William Matthews, co-author of a recent
report on mortgage fraud by the Mortgage Asset Research Institute. "If you've
got a booming market, they're going to get away with more fraud."

While it's unknown how many fraudulent transactions take place in the $3trillion
mortgage market, the institute found that 26 states had serious mortgage fraud
problems. Fraud is costing the industry at least tens of millions of dollars a
year, Matthews estimates.


According to an FBI report in May on financial crimes, "Mortgage fraud is
pervasive and growing."

Lenders last year reported to the FBI 17,000 suspected incidents of mortgage
fraud, and the FBI's cases have grown from 534 in 2004 to 642 in the first half
of 2005. At the IRS, criminal investigations of mortgage fraud from 2001 to 2004
have nearly doubled to 194 cases.

Recent cases:

*The co-founders of a company called the Dorean Group ran a nationwide Internet
scam that defrauded banks, lenders and homeowners, according to a 46-count
indictment announced two weeks ago by the U.S. Attorney's office in San
Francisco and the FBI.

According to court papers, the men -- Dale Heineman and Kurt F. Johnson
advertised on websites for homeowners in deep debt. They filed quitclaim deeds
in county recorder offices that signed over to them the titles on hundreds of
homeowners' properties, the filings allege. Then the men told homeowners to
refinance their properties, and the new loan proceeds would be split among the
defendants and homeowners, according to court papers.

The charges in the indictment concern 17 properties valued at $5million in nine
states. The FBI is continuing to investigate more than 480 properties in 35
states, with a potential value of $88 million in loans, that may have been
affected by the alleged scheme.

Heineman and Johnson were previously arrested on related charges by Utah state
prosecutors and are being held in the Salt Lake County Metro Jail. They could
not be reached for comment Tuesday.

*In Kansas City, Mo., 17 people -- posing as mortgage brokers, home buyers and
sellers, appraisers and title-company employees -- ran "a massive scheme of
fraudulent real estate transactions," according to a lawsuit filed by ABN Amro
Mortgage Group in federal court in June.

In a suspected "flipping" scam involving hundreds of houses, the defendants
bought foreclosed homes at cheap prices, artificially inflated their values
through false appraisals, then quickly resold them, the lawsuit says. They
illegally profited from commissions and fees, the lawsuit says. ABN Amro, which
underwrote and bought nearly 1,000 loans from the defendants, alleges that it
was defrauded of millions of dollars.

*In August, 37-year-old attorney Chalana McFarland of Atlanta was sentenced to
30 years in federal prison after a jury convicted her of heading a vast mortgage
fraud ring that skimmed $20 million from inflated mortgages on 100 Atlanta
homes, according to a Justice Department press release.

McFarland worked with 20 co-conspirators employed as real estate agents,
mortgage brokers and loan processors. The ring used fake identities, fraudulent
documents, shell companies and "straw" borrowers to buy suburban houses, then
quickly resold the homes at artificially inflated prices, according to the
Justice Department press release. The co-conspirators have pleaded guilty to
fraud charges or have been sentenced to prison for several months to five years.


Mortgage fraud is hard to detect because 80% of the cases involve industry
insiders, the FBI report says. The scams are tough to spot in hot markets such
as California, where huge increases in home prices can hide illegal profits,
says Rachel Dollar, an attorney and editor of Mortgage Fraud Blog.

"By the time the properties go into default and the lender forecloses on it,"
she says, "the properties have appreciated so quickly that lenders don't lose
money."

Federal and state authorities hope to thwart fraud by staging undercover
investigations, wiretaps and stings. The mortgage industry is using computer
software to hunt for unusual lending and financing that might be fraud. In
Georgia, lawmakers recently adopted a law that makes mortgage fraud a criminal
act.

"For a long time, mortgage fraud wasn't really discussed much," Dollar says.
"But now the industry recognizes that lenders are victims, and something needs
to be done."






LOAD-DATE: October 05, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, B/W, Marcy E. Mullins, USA TODAY, Source: FBI's Financial
Crimes Report to the Public, " May 2005 (BAR GRAPH)

                      Copyright 2005 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             124 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Blade (Toledo, Ohio)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              June 9, 2014 Monday

Holland man indicted in fraud case

BYLINE: The Blade, Toledo, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 244 words


June 09--A Holland man who was under federal indictment for fraudulently
obtaining a $500,000 consultant's fee from investors has been charged in a
52-count superseding indictment.

Mark O. Wittenmyer, 54, was charged Friday in U.S. District Court with
conspiracy to commit wire fraud, eight counts of wire fraud, 32 counts of money
laundering, six counts of securities fraud, and two counts of access device
fraud.

Four other men were named in the indictment, including Douglas Boyce, 56, of
Maumee, who was charged with conspiracy to commit wire fraud and one count of
money laundering. Also charged in the conspiracy were Robert Milam, 64, of
League City, Texas; Lonny Remmers, 56, of Corona, Calif., and Mark Aller, 50, of
Birmingham, Mich.

The indictment alleges that from January, 2003, through May of this year, the
men conspired to solicit and collect investments, expenses, consulting fees,
salaries, and other payments in connection with investment and financing
transactions that were promoted and induced by false pretenses and promises.

"The investing public needs to watch for fraudsters and scam artists who promise
the moon and sun, but deliver only pain and deceit," Steven M. Dettelbach, U.S.
Attorney for the Northern District of Ohio, said in a news release. "Remember,
if it sounds too good to be true, it probably is."

___ (c)2014 The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) Visit The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) at
www.toledoblade.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: June 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140609-TO-Holland-man-indicted-in-fraud-case-0609-20140609

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TO


                            Copyright 2014 The Blade


                             125 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               February 26, 1992, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

COMPANY NEWS;
Acquittals In Penny Stock Case

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section D; Page 3; Column 4; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 389 words

DATELINE: DENVER, Feb. 25


Eleven defendants and three companies have been acquitted in a penny-stock case
brought after a two-year F.B.I. sting operation.

The verdict, which came Friday after a six-week trial and 17 hours of jury
deliberations, was a setback for the Justice Department's campaign against
white-collar crime.

Operation Pennycon was considered one of the biggest and most expensive
securities fraud investigations in Colorado history when the indictments were
announced last April.

The defendants were charged with 16 counts of conspiracy, securities fraud, mail
fraud and wire fraud. Each count carried a penalty of up to five years in prison
and fines up to $250,000.

The case was built around the work of a special agent of the Federal Bureau of
Investigation, John Coffey, who posed as a high-rolling Denver-area broker.

Mr. Coffey testified that he had tried to entice people in the penny-stock
industry to participate in a scheme to artificially raise the price of shares in
a blind-pool company called Terminal Acquisitions Inc. Blind-pool companies
raise money from investors for unspecified ventures.

Terminal Acquisitions stock went from 1 cent to 8 cents a share in February
1991, and then was dumped on the European market. The Securities and Exchange
Commission, which cooperated in the sting operation, suspended trading after
four days, prompting phone calls between the undercover agent and the
defendants.

Tapes of the phone conversations were at the heart of the Government's case.

During cross-examination, defense attorneys dismantled Mr. Coffey's testimony by
focusing on the agent's lack of knowledge about trading penny stocks and Mr.
Coffey's failure to put defendants on notice that he wanted them to break
securities laws.

After the verdict was announced, the defendants said they were pleased they had
been exonerated.

An assistant United States attorney, Gerald Rafferty, who prosecuted the case,
said: "The jury has spoken. That's all I have to say."

The defendants were Moshe Rimson, Joseph Christie, Sheldon P. Prager, Robin M.
Rushing, Brent Gundersen, Sam Padolfo, Preston S. Pandolfo, Virgil M. Peterson,
Vincent M. McGuire, Victor Boykiw and Richard Sumrall.

The companies involved were the General Bond and Share Company, Alpine
securities of Salt Lake City, and M. Rimson & Company.

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company


                             126 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 7, 2014 Saturday

Washington: Five Indicted on Fraud Charges

LENGTH: 637  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

Steven M. Dettelbach, United States Attorney for the Northern District of Ohio;
Stephen D. Anthony, Special Agent in Charge, FBI Cleveland Division; and Kathy
Enstrom, Special Agent in Charge, IRS-Criminal Investigation, Cincinnati Field
Office, announced today that a federal grand jury in Toledo, Ohio, returned a
52-count superseding indictment against Mark O. Wittenmyer, age 54, of Holland,
Ohio; Robert Milam, age 64, of League City, Texas; Lonny Remmers, age 56, of
Corona, California; Mark Aller, age 50, of Birmingham, Michigan; and Douglas
Boyce, age 56, of Maumee, Ohio. The indictment includes multiple charges
including conspiracy, wire fraud, money laundering, securities fraud, and access
device fraud.

The indictment charges that from in or around January 2003 and continuing
through May 2014, Wittenmyer, Milam, Remmers, Aller, Boyce, and others conspired
to solicit and collect investments, expenses, consulting fees, salaries, and
other payments in connection with investment and financing transactions induced
by false and fraudulent pretenses, representations, and promises. The
conspirators used several business entities to promote and induce investments,
including Spring Valley Marketing Group, Community ISP, Momentum Management,
OnLetterhead, bSecured Solutions, New Dimension Fund, and RM Capital. False
statements were made to investors, lenders, and other participants regarding
past successes in arranging investments transactions for the purpose of inducing
investments. Wittenmyer used the participation, and purported participation, of
attorneys and other professionals to confer an aura of legitimacy to potential
investors. Wittenmyer often fraudulently requested that investors and lenders
advance funds for travel, legal fees, and other various expenses, which the
conspirators then used for personal living expenses.

In addition to each defendant being charged with one count of conspiracy to
commit wire fraud, Wittenmyer is charged with eight counts of wire fraud, 32
counts of money laundering, six counts of securities fraud, and two counts of
access device fraud. Milam is also charged with two counts of wire fraud and one
count of money laundering. Remmers is also charged with two counts of wire fraud
. Aller is also charged with three counts of wire fraud and one count of money
laundering, and Boyce is charged with one count of money laundering.

If convicted, each defendant's sentence will be determined by the court after
reviewing factors unique to this case, including any prior criminal record,
respective roles in the offense and the characteristics of the violations. In
all cases, the sentence will not exceed the statutory maximum, and in most cases
it will be less than the maximum.

"The investing public needs to watch for fraudsters and scam artists who promise
the moon and sun but deliver only pain and deceit. Remember, if it sounds too
good to be true, it probably is," Dettelbach said.

"These individuals enriched themselves with hundreds of thousands of ill-gotten
dollars by creating and carrying out various fraudulent schemes. The FBI will
continue to work with our law enforcement partners to bring to justice those
that steal the hard earned money of others," Anthony said.

This case was investigated by the Federal Bureau of Investigation and the
Internal Revenue Service-Criminal Investigation, both of Toledo, Ohio. The case
is being prosecuted by Assistant United States Attorneys Gene Crawford and James
V. Moroney.

An indictment is only a charge and is not evidence of guilt. A defendant is
entitled to a fair trial in which it will be the government's burden to prove
guilt beyond a reasonable doubt.

For more information please visit: http://www.fbi.gov


LOAD-DATE: June 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             127 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                            August 26, 2008 Tuesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Foreclosure 'Rescues' Drive Surge In Fraud

BYLINE: SHANNON BEHNKEN, The Tampa Tribune

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 401 words


FLORIDA RETAINS TOP SPOT ON BAD MORTGAGE LIST

By SHANNON BEHNKEN

The Tampa Tribune

TAMPA - We're still No. 1. But save the confetti.

Florida ranks highest among all states for mortgage fraud, according to a report
released Monday by Reston, Va.-based Mortgage Asset Research Institute.

In fact, 24 percent of fraudulent loans reported to the institute during the
first quarter originated on properties in Florida.

Officials at the institute said much of the fraud was driven by speculators and
people trying to scam financially troubled homeowners who are desperately trying
to keep from losing their homes in foreclosure.

"A lot of these 'foreclosure rescue' companies are popping up overnight," said
Denise James, a director of ChoicePoint, the parent company of the research
institute. "They're cold-calling, they're putting fliers on cars and signs in
the ground.

"Rescue fraud is the newest and hottest fraud right now."

Incidents of mortgage fraud in the United States increased by 42 percent in the
first quarter of 2008 compared with the same quarter a year ago, according to
the report.

The data used in the report were submitted by lenders, and all the loans
included were originated in the first quarter of this year. All have been
classified by lenders as fraudulent.

The Miami area had the largest chunk of the first-quarter fraudulent loans,
claiming 49 percent of those reported. Orlando came in second with 18 percent.
Just 4 percent of the bad loans came from the Tampa Bay area - a statistic that
may surprise industry observers given several recent criminal convictions and
investigations of people involved in high-profile mortgage scams in the area.

For all states, the top fraud incident was general application
misrepresentation, which includes providing the wrong Social Security number or
different signatures for the same applicant. Misrepresenting income and
employment was the second most reported type of fraud.

California ranked second among the states. Sharing third place are Illinois,
Maryland and Michigan.

The research institute, which tracks data for lenders, typically releases
mortgage fraud data annually, but decided to launch quarterly reports to help
lenders stay on top of fraud trends.

Reporter Shannon Behnken can be reached at sbehnken@tampatrib.com or (813)
259-7804.

Copyright © 2008, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2008 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                             128 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                             March 17, 2009 Tuesday
                                 CITY-D Edition

Mortgage fraud up 26% in 2008, data show

BYLINE: By Alan J. Heavens; Inquirer Real Estate Writer

SECTION: BUSINESS; P-com Biz; Pg. C02

LENGTH: 352 words


Incidents of mortgage fraud rose 26 percent nationally in 2008 over 2007 even as
the number of home-loan originations dropped, the Mortgage Asset Research
Institute reported yesterday.

The foreclosure epidemic helped boost the numbers as scammers sought to take
advantage of borrowers trying to save their homes, said Denise James, an author
of the annual report, presented at a Mortgage Bankers Association meeting in
Washington.

"Mortgage fraud was once primarily a crime of opportunity," James said in a
conference call. "It is now a crime of desperation, as people who had been used
to living a certain kind of lifestyle found that lenders had tightened the
rules."

Mortgage fraud relates to deception at any point in the process, from appraisals
to verifications of employment to closing costs and credit reports. The data,
covering 70 percent of mortgages originated over a year, are supplied by
lenders, mortgage insurance firms, and other industry sources, James said.

Rhode Island led the 50 states in mortgage-fraud incidents compared with loan
originations, followed by Florida, Illinois, Georgia, and Maryland. Neither
Pennsylvania nor New Jersey ranked in the top 10.

The institute declines to supply the numbers on which it bases its analysis, to
protect the reputation of the institutions providing the data.

Application fraud accounted for 61 percent of all reported incidents, for a
fifth year. James said there had been an increase in identity theft among the
elderly and immigrants to fabricate reverse-mortgage applications and other
property transactions.

Mortgage Bankers Association president John Courson said the data showed that
mortgage fraud was more prevalent now than during the recent real estate boom.
Much of the fraud coming to light today was committed during the boom, however -
Courson said a high volume of loans and loan products made it difficult to catch
earlier.

"A lot of loans were made," he said, "in which the borrower simply told the
lender what their income was" without providing proof.

Contact real estate writer Alan J. Heavens at 215-854-2472 or
aheavens@phillynews.com.

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2009 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             129 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                American Banker

                            February 16, 2007 Friday

In Brief: ID Fraud Seen More Common Amid Density

BYLINE: Daniel Wolfe

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY; Pg. 20 Vol. 172 No. 33

LENGTH: 232  words


Densely populated areas are the most common hot spots for identity fraud

in the United States, according to a report from the fraud management company

ID Analytics Inc.

The report is based on data from the San Diego company's ID Network,

which observes incidents of identity theft as well as synthetic identity

fraud, which involves the use of fake documents for people who do not exist.

The states with the highest rates of identity fraud are New York,

California, Nevada, and Arizona. The state with the least identity fraud is

Wyoming, followed by Vermont and Montana. Though the data was normalized to

avoid the natural lift certain states would get from having higher

populations, the per-capita rates of fraud were nevertheless higher for

high-population states.

The ZIP codes with the highest rates of identity fraud were in New York,

Detroit, and Los Angeles.

Stephen Coggeshall, the chief technology officer for ID Analytics, said

that high-population areas are more inviting to fraudsters because it is

easier for them to blend in. For example, he noted that criminals could avoid

detection more easily if they fraudulently obtained credit cards sent to

unused mailboxes in a densely populated apartment complex.

The study did not address whether factors specific to a region, such as

local laws, made them more appealing to fraudsters, he said.

http://www.americanbanker.com http://www.sourcemedia.com

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: a


                        Copyright 2007 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             130 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Orange County Register (California)

                              June 22, 2008 Sunday
                                   1 Edition

FBI scrutinizes the region for housing fraud;
Agency devotes 40 agents to Southern California, which is No. 1 in suspicious
activity.

BYLINE: By JOHN GITTELSOHN; The Orange County Register

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. Cover_D

LENGTH: 450 words


Daniel McMullen, special agent in charge of the FBI's Los Angeles area criminal
division, has announced a multi-agency program to target rampant mortgage fraud
called SCAM -- for Southern California mortgage task force.

About 40 FBI agents are devoted full time to fighting mortgage fraud in Orange,
Los Angeles, Riverside, San Bernardino, San Luis Obispo, Santa Barbara and
Ventura counties.

On Thursday, two formerBear Stearnshedge fund managers were hauled into jail and
charged with lying to investors, as indictments came down on more than 400
players in the real estate industry. In Orange County, indictments included
Gilma Ruiz and her brother, Francisco Ruiz, both of Las Vegas, and their cousin,
Mario Hernandez of Los Angeles; they were charged with preparing false bank
statements that helped mortgage brokers obtain loans fromResmae
Mortgage,People's Choice Home LoanandEncore Credit Corp.

Q. Why focus on mortgage fraud now?

A. This is the result of intelligence work that we've gathered from the industry
and individuals. We're seeing where fraud is occurring, and this type of fraud
is so significant we need to concentrate on it.

Q. But hasn't a lot of the problem been taken care of by lenders tightening
credit? It's pretty hard to get a "liar loan" these days.

A. There are different types in the up markets and the down markets. We see more
of the down market cases these days. These are schemes where folks are
supposedly helping those who are losing their homes. This is short-sale fraud
and credit rescue schemes.

Q. The FBI just arrested former Bear Stearns hedge fund managers in a fraud case
this week. Are you going after any corporations here?

A. We're looking at all types of fraud: Corporate, criminal enterprises,
individuals. The essence of the crime is people aren't stating the correct facts
-- to those buying homes, providing mortgages or investing. Fraud runs the gamut
from the largest to the smallest. We believe  80 percent of fraud is for profit.
And about 20 percent of the fraud is for housing -- solely by the borrower using
fraudulent documents. The for-profit fraud could be industry insiders who skim
equity, inflate the value of property or make fraudulent loans.

Q. How does this region stack up when it comes to fraud?

A. We have the largest number of suspicious activity reports, or SARs, of any
area in the country. We're No. 1 because we certainly have a large population.
There are also a significant number of lenders here.

Q. What's your advice for regular people?

A. I'd say start at the top. No. 1: Understand who you're dealing with. Get a
reference. No. 2: If it sounds too good to be true, it probably is.

McMullen

714-796-7969  or  jgittels@ocregister.com

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Story

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2008 The Orange County Register (California)
                              All Rights Reserved


                             131 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                           October 20, 2011 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Money from battling Medicaid scams triples

BYLINE: Kelly Kennedy, USA TODAY

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 428 words


The federal government has more than tripled the amount of money it has
recovered through efforts to stop Medicaid fraud in the past six years, records
show.

In 2004, the government gained $573 million through fraud prosecutions, compared
with $1.85 billion in 2010, according to records from the Department of Health
and Human Services inspector general's office. That was spurred by a 57%
increase in the amount of grant money to state Medicaid Fraud Control Units
(MFCUs) from $131 million to $205.5 million.

Much of the money comes as the Obama administration, with bipartisan help in
Congress, has increased spending on anti-fraud programs. Recent examples include
a requirement in last year's health care law for electronic records systems for
all medical professionals who provide health care for Medicaid and Medicare
patients, as well as a proposed rule released on the Federal Register Oct. 6
requiring state MFCUs to better monitor their activities to show they are
effective.

States would be scrambling to fight Medicaid fraud even without the federal
money, says Matt Salo, executive director of the National Association of
Medicaid Directors.

"It's absolutely at the top of everyone's agenda," Salo says. "If done right,
this is the way to reduce out-of-control expenditures."

Medicaid is a state-run program that uses both state and federal funds to
provide health care for low-income Americans. One-third of all children receive
care through Medicaid, as do low-income pregnant women, disabled or blind people
and nursing home patients.

This month, states have seen Medicaid fraud cases ranging from a doctor in
Pennsylvania accused of exchanging OxyContin prescriptions for sex with one of
his patients to an Atlanta doctor sentenced to prison for billing elderly -- and
even dead -- nursing home patients for services he did not provide.

Many of the data analysis techniques used to find Medicare fraud are being
expanded to Medicaid, says Alper Ozinal, spokesman for the Centers for Medicare
and Medicaid Services (CMS).

For example, the agency has sent more resources to high-fraud states, such as
Florida and Texas, to help with investigations.

It also requires Medicaid contractors who audit claims to report all possible
fraud to law enforcement agencies. The agency began sending fraud alerts to
states and has intervened when states have fallen short.

Fraud fighters are pushing for more CMS data to be consolidated so investigators
can better track fraud trends, says Louis Saccoccio, executive director of the
National Health Care Anti-Fraud Association.

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, Color, Julie Snider, USA TODAY (Line graph)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2011 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             132 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                           August 31, 2011 Wednesday

Government going after health care fraud hard

BYLINE: Lois M. Collins Deseret News

LENGTH: 524 words


Prosecution for health care fraud nationally this year has already outpaced all
of 2010. And an analysis shows that revved-up efforts by the Justice Department
should reach an 85 percent increase over last year's cases. That's the word from
the Transactional Records Access Clearinghouse, housed in Syracuse University,
which has reported 903 prosecutions so far this fiscal year. The numbers were
bolstered, it says, by a series of Federal Bureau of Investigations cases.

In Puerto Rico, for instance, 420 defendants were charged this year. And in the
50 states, cases in the Southern District of Florida accounted for one-ninth of
all prosecutions for health care fraud. The full report says the current pace
would mean 1,355 prosecutions this year, an increase of 85.4 percent over last
year, when 731 cases were prosecuted. The numbers were tracked using data
obtained from the Executive Office for United States Attorneys, obtained through
the Freedom of Information Act, the TRAC report said. It says the current
caseload is a 157 percent increase from five years ago. "Justice - FBI"
accounted for 75.7 percent of prosecutions. The rest were primarily from
investigations by the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services. As for the
charges, most were listed as health care fraud, followed by "mail fraud attempt
and conspiracy". No. 3 was "mail fraud - fraud and swindles." Other categories
each had fewer than 100 cases prosecuted. Of the top 10, bank fraud was "the one
showing the greatest projected increase in prosecution ? up 2,000 percent ?
compared to one year ago." That statute also had the largest projected increase
compared to five years ago, TRAC said. Kelly Kennedy wrote for USA Today that
the government recovered a record $4 billion in health care fraud cases.   That
article noted one February case led to indictments of 111 people, "the largest
take-down to date for the Medicare Fraud Task Force.... In that case, doctors,
nurses and executives were accused of falsely billing Medicare more than $225
million."  There were 23 trial convictions last year for Medicare fraud and 24
convictions have been obtained this year. "That's just a stunning number when
you see it in the first eight months," Justice criminal division Assistant
Attorney General Lanny Breuer told USA Today. "We're just going to build on this
model and we're going to hold those responsible who are stealing from the
government." Health fraud prevention has been an ongoing effort. In late July,
for instance, the federal government launched a pilot project in New Jersey that
relies on public reporting of suspected health care fraud. Data from the Centers
for Medicare and Medicaid Services is sometimes used to find fraud, experts
said. The site also has detailed instructions on how to report suspected billing
fraud for the two federal programs. USA Today said the fraud in Puerto Rico
netted  more than $7 million from bogus claims to American Family Life Insurance
Company. It said some people submitted hundreds of accident claims, while paying
a doctor $10 to $20 to fraudulently handle them.  EMAIL: lois@desnews.com,
Twitter: Loisco

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2011 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                             133 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                              March 6, 2015 Friday

U.S. Attorney says giant home loan modification fraud operated in Utah,
'targeted the weak and vulnerable'

BYLINE: By Tom Harvey The Salt Lake Tribune

SECTION: NEWS; State

LENGTH: 726 words


A federal grand jury in Utah has indicted six people on 40 criminal charges for
allegedly operating a fraudulent home-loan modification scheme that involved
more than 10,000 victims from nearly every state who suffered losses of more
than $33 million.

Charged were Chad Gettel, 39, Salt Lake City; John McCall, 43, Park City; Noemi
Lozano, 24, of San Diego; Sheridan Black, 66, South Jordan; James Scott Creasey,
36, Riverton; and Jeremiah Barrett, 33, Bountiful.

The indictment includes charges of conspiracy, mail fraud, wire fraud,
telemarketing fraud, money laundering and conspiracy to commit money laundering
in the operation of CC Brown Law LLC and other companies.

"The defendants here allegedly represented that CC Brown was a business
comprised of successful lawyers who targeted individual homeowners with the
false promise of quality legal representation and legitimate loan
modifications," U.S. Attorney for Utah Carlie Christensen said Friday in a
statement. "Their scheme allegedly took advantage of these vulnerable homeowners
who were desperate to secure some financial relief and save their homes, but
ended up in even deeper financial trouble."

All but Lozano were arrested in Utah on Thursday and the five pleaded not guilty
in an initial appearance in federal court Friday. Assistant U.S. Attorney Scott
Thorley asked that they be held in jail pending trial, citing past illegal drug
use and criminal records by some of the five, the nature of their alleged crimes
and the fact that they could be facing several decades in prison if convicted.

"The nature of the scheme was one that targeted the weak and vulnerable," he
told U.S. Magistrate Evelyn Furse.

Furse, however, allowed the five to be released, finding that restrictions
placed on them such as GPS bracelet monitoring could manage any risks of them
not appearing in court or harming the community.

Lozano was arrested in California and released Thursday on a $50,000 bond.

Gettel and Lozano hired an attorney and used his name to set up CC Brown Law LLC
in July of 2009, making it appear that a law firm was offering the loan
modifications when in reality attorneys did little or no work for the company,
according to the 30-page indictment. Gettel then bought lists of homeowners who
were delinquent on their mortgages and hired other companies to market CC
Brown's services.

He allegedly provided false information to the telemarketers, who told potential
clients that CC Brown had a 90 percent success rate in obtaining loan
modifications, that there was a money-backed guarantee and that attorneys would
provide the work necessary for a loan modification.

Around January 2010, Gettel hired McCall, who was a licensed attorney in
Wyoming, Colorado and Idaho but not Utah and who came to control CC Brown along
with Gettel, the indictment states.

They formed an in-house telemarketing staff in Utah and hired Black, Barrett and
Creasey, who eventually managed or supervised the operation ccc which, according
to the indictment, continued to make false statements to potential clients.

Those who agreed to hire CC Brown were billed about $4,000 and additional
monthly fees, the charges state.

But there was little or no attorney involvement in any loan modification
efforts, and some customers received no services for their fees.

Complaints about CC Brown were made to the Better Business Bureau, and the Utah
attorney general's office and other states took regulatory actions against the
company. That, according to the indictment, prompted Gettel and McCall to create
other entities to mask their operations, including J.L. Martin Law PLLC, W.T.
Lee and Associates LLC, Smart Document Processing LLC, Series Smart Law Media
LLC, Series Attorney Platform LLC and Castlebar Processing LLC.

Federal agents and local officers raided CC Brown offices in Midvale and West
Valley City in June 2012. The operation attracted investigators from the U.S.
Department of the Treasury, the Office of the Special Inspector General for the
Troubled Asset Relief Program, the IRS Criminal Investigation Division, the FBI,
the Office of Inspector General for the Board of Governors of the Federal
Reserve System, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and the Federal Housing
Finance Agency Office of Inspector General.

Thorley said some of the operations continued even after the raid.

tharvey@sltrib.com

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             134 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                             July 22, 2010 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Mortgage fraud cases soar

BYLINE: SHANNON BEHNKEN, sbehnken@tampatrib.com

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 355 words


Tampa leads the nation in pending cases, FBI says.

By SHANNON BEHNKEN

sbehnken@tampatrib.com

TAMPA - Mortgage fraud investigators in Tampa lead the nation for pending cases,
according to the FBI's Year in Review report.

Tampa had 190 pending cases in the fiscal year of 2009, which ended Sept. 30.
That's a yearly increase of 363 percent, second only to Portland, Ore., which
saw a 465 percent increase in cases.

"We saw a lot of individuals that didn't start out with the intentions of
breaking the law, but when they saw how easy it was to skirt ethical and legal
boundaries they went down a slippery slope," said David Couvertier, spokesman
for the Tampa division of the FBI. "The schemes were limited only to the
imagination of the criminal."

During the housing boom, Florida and metros like Tampa were ripe for mortgage
fraud. Home values skyrocketed and schemes that involved house-flipping and
lying on financial documents were popular, the FBI said.

Now that the housing market is in decline, other schemes, including short sale
flipping is on the rise, the report said. Areas with high foreclosure rates, the
FBI said, are most susceptible.

The FBI and other law enforcement agencies have cracked down on mortgage fraud
recently, and the Bay area has seen an influx of arrests.

The FBI joined other federal, state and local law enforcement agencies to form a
mortgage fraud task force last spring.

Nationwide, there were 2,794 pending mortgage fraud cases in 2009, up from 1,644
in 2008. Compare that to 721 cases in 2005. So far in the fiscal year of 2010,
there are 3,029 pending cases.

Los Angeles, New York, Detroit, Portland, Washington Field, Miami, Chicago, Salt
Lake City, and Dallas rounded out the top areas for pending cases in 2009.

A major type of mortgage fraud is illegal property flips. No state had more
same-day flips in fiscal 2009 than Florida, which had 510 properties sold two
times in one day. Florida saw 2,515 properties flipped within 30 days.

Reporter Shannon Behnken can be reached at (813) 259-7804.

Copyright © 2010, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2010 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                             135 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Florida Times-Union (Jacksonville)

                            April 15, 2010 Thursday

CAR INSURANCE;
End the fraud

SECTION: Pg. B-6

LENGTH: 228 words


Rampant car insurance fraud is moving, like a tropical undergrowth, from South
Florida to Central Florida, causing accidents, injuries and unnecessary
increases in the car insurance rates of all Floridians.

It must be stopped before the epidemic reaches Jacksonville.

In March, 19 scammers were arrested in a statewide sweep by the Florida
Department of Financial Services.

The scammers have moved from South Florida, where enforcement is being focused,
to Central Florida. Can Jacksonville be next?

The two most common types of insurance fraud:

- Faking it. Damaging cars at an offsite location, then reporting a collision at
an intersection.

- Swoop and squat: Creating an accident on purpose, followed by faked injuries
and fraudulent injury claims.

Also common are inflated insurance claims and false theft reports.

In many cases, organized crime is involved.

These cases can be intricate to investigate. Runners steer injured passengers to
crooked doctors.

Let's stop the fraud statewide, but especially before it reaches Northeast
Florida.

CAR FRAUD

Top cities for fraudulent insurance claims;

1. Brooklyn

2. Tampa

3. Los Angeles,

4. Orlando

5. Miami.

STAGED ACCIDENTS, QUESTIONABLE CLAIMS IN 2009

1. Florida: 1,262

2. New York: 760

3. California: 608

4. Texas: 248

5. Illinois: 178

Fraud Fighters hotline: (800) 378-0445; www.MyFloridaCFOcom.fraud.

Source: National Insurance Crime Bureau

LOAD-DATE: April 16, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 The Florida Times-Union


                             136 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                            April 11, 2007 Wednesday
                            0 South Pinellas Edition

NO HAPPY ENDING FOR MASTER OF LOAN FRAUD

BYLINE: JEFF TESTERMAN, Times Staff Writer

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 690 words

DATELINE: ATLANTA



HIGHLIGHT: In Matthew B. Cox's novel, he gets away, but in court he pleads
guilty to stealing millions.


Standing in a courtroom in sneakers and an orange jumpsuit Tuesday, mortgage
fraud mastermind Matthew B. Cox sealed the last deal he will probably make for
decades.

Facing 422 years in prison, he negotiated a plea with the U.S. government that
exposes him to a maximum sentence of 54 years and a possible fine of $2-million.

"He's never denied the things he did," said his public defender, Mildred Dunn.
"He decided to plead guilty and put this all behind him."

He was arrested in November. In the plea bargain, prosecutors rolled fraud
totaling $8.6-million on 77 properties in Tampa into one conspiracy charge. They
dropped 41 of 42 charges in an Atlanta indictment alleging mortgage fraud,
identity theft and wire fraud in Georgia and the Carolinas, keeping only a
single bank fraud charge punishable by 30 years in prison.

They consolidated those charges with three felonies filed in Nashville. Cox
agreed to plead guilty to the package and to cooperate with an ongoing federal
investigation.

If his assistance is deemed "substantial," prosecutors will recommend that Cox
receive some leniency when U.S. District Judge Timothy C. Batten sentences him.
After adjudicating Cox guilty of the reduced charges Tuesday, Batten scheduled
sentencing for Aug. 22.

Cox listened impassively as Assistant U.S. Attorney Gale McKenzie recited a
litany of his crimes. Conspiracy to defraud lenders in Florida. Violating
probation by absconding from Tampa. Bank fraud in Georgia. Identity theft,
conspiracy and passport fraud in Tennessee.

After each charge, the judge asked Cox if he were guilty. Each time Cox
answered, "Yes, your honor."

Gone was the swagger and bravado that propelled Cox on a five-year crime binge
across five southern states, committing so much fraud that the FBI and the U.S.
Secret Service could barely catalog it.

Not a single relative, friend or loved one came to the courthouse in Atlanta to
support him.

This week, the government revealed that 22 people - 16 in Tampa and six in
Nashville - conspired with Cox in his schemes to defraud lenders and property
owners.

McKenzie said Tuesday that Cox "has already cooperated fully in Georgia and
Tennessee, and gave a detailed outline" for investigators in Florida.

A former Tampa insurance broker, Cox, 37, became an outlaw in 2002 with
convictions on grand theft and mortgage fraud. He got only fines and probation.

He then penned a 317-page crime novel, The Associates, in which a fictional
protagonist leaves a dead-end insurance job and executes an elaborate plan to
defraud lenders of millions before making his getaway.

The Associates, never published but now an exhibit in federal court records,
turned out to be Cox's blueprint for crime. It foretold in extraordinary detail
the fraud he would commit from Tampa to Tennessee.

In Tuesday's hearing, McKenzie detailed Cox's verve and creativity, describing
how he stole identities by posing as a federal statistical surveyor, paid
kickbacks to mortgage originators, used software to generate phony appraisals,
created phony companies to supply fake pay stubs and income tax statements for
straw borrowers that he employed or invented out of thin air.

"His IDs were so good that when a bank alert went out for him and the Richland
County (S.C.) Sheriff's Office picked him up, they let him go because they
thought he was someone else," McKenzie said.

"He put a different twist on the classic property flip," the prosecutor said.

Cox didn't just flip a property for profit, he used forgery to erase mortgage
liens from a property, paid for an inflated appraisal, then used a concocted
identity to sign for loans far in excess of the value of the real estate.

In the conclusion to The Associates, Cox's hero stuffs a duffle bag with cash,
leaves his silver sports car in a parking lot and boards a cruise liner in Tampa
to rendezvous with his girlfriend on a Caribbean island.

McKenzie grinned Tuesday as she considered Cox's grand failure at transforming
his potboiler into autobiography.

"It was just fiction," the prosecutor said. "And the last chapter, we wrote, not
him."

Jeff Testerman can be reached at testerman@sptimes.com or (813) 226-3422.

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Matthew B. Cox, 35, was arrested in November on charges of
mortgage fraud, money laundering.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             137 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              December 13, 1984, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

Land Fraud Of $2 Billion

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section D; Page 28, Column 6; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 240 words

DATELINE: LOS ANGELES, Dec. 12


Two men have pleaded guilty to bilking thousands of investors in the Netherlands
out of as much as $2 billion in what the prosecutor called the largest land
fraud in United States history.

Bernard Whitney, a 66-year-old California lawyer, and Rienk Hendricus Kamer, 41,
a Dutch real estate promoter, pleaded guilty Tuesday to one count each of mail
fraud, wire fraud and conspiracy.

Under a plea agreement with the United States Attorney's office, Mr. Kamer, who
has been in prison since October 1983, will return next month to the Netherlands
to face fraud charges there, United States District Judge Richard Gadbois Jr.
said.

The maximum penalty on the three counts combined is three years in prison. With
good behavior, Judge Gadbois said, they would serve only two years.

The judge set sentencing for Jan. 11.

Henry Rossbacher, an Assistant United States Attorney, said no fines could be
assessed and the pair could not be ordered to make restitution under the Federal
charges.

Mr. Rossbacher has said the two men had been involved in the largest land fraud
in United States history, reportedly bilking up to 6,000 investors out of as
much as $2 billion for land investments presented as tax shelters. The scheme is
said to have involved undeveloped land in Utah, Texas, New York and California.

None of the money taken by the two men has been recovered and it has been
impossible to trace the funds, Mr. Rossbacher said.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1984 The New York Times Company


                             138 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

First USA's Card-Fraud Weapon: A Neural Network

                           November 30, 1992, Monday

By MATT BARTHEL


First USA Bank, one of the nation's top credit card banks, has become the first
U.S. financial institution to install a neural network to combat credit card
fraud.

Neural networks - programs that imitate the workings of the human nervous system
- can detect complex patterns in large amounts of data.

Several credit card banks that have tested the technology, including Mellon Bank
Corp., Pittsburgh, and First USA, Wilmington, Del., have said the technology is
useful in pinpointing when a credit card transaction submitted for authorization
varies from from the cardholder's established purchasing pattern. Extra
Examinations

Since these deviations are one of the most reliable indicators of a fraud,
neural networks afford banks the opportunity to give extra scrutiny to
suspicious transactions before issuing an authorization, experts said.

While critics maintain neural networks are expensive and unproven, the few banks
that have looked at using the technology believe it could prove a useful tool.

For 1991, MasteCard and Visa reported that fraud losses in the United States
reached $500 million, a 40% increase over the 1990 level. More than half a
million cases of fraud were detected in 1991, according to the bank card
associations.

"A neural network will identify a fraudulent transaction sooner and better than
any manual judgmental process ever could," said Edward Scully, vice chairman of
First USA Productivity Improved

First USA completed testing the system from HNC Inc., San Diego, in September.

So far, the system is mainly a productivity tool. The number of accurate fraud
identifications is about the same as under the old system of human analysis. But
the bank has reduced the number of accounts reviewed by about 30% since moving
all their transactions through the neural network, Mr. Scully said.

The bank is currently processing transactions in batches, which enables them to
investigate potential fraud only after a transaction has been completed.

While this method is useful for stopping repeated fraud with the same credit
card, Mr. Scully said that the bank hopes to be moving beyond batch processing
by the spring so that operators at the point of sale can be alerted to potential
fraud before a transaction is finished.  Other Relievers

The neural network system at First USA cost "in the low six figures," to
install, Mr. Scully said.

While use of the technology in banking is in its infancy, First USA is not alone
in its belief that neural networks can be an effective weapon in the war on
credit card fraud.

Mellon Bank, is in the late stages of testing neural network software from
Nestor Inc. of Providence, R.I., and expects to begin running live work by the
middle of December. Mellon predicts the system will reduce fraud losses by 15 to
20%. Spotting Stolen Cards

Experts said neural networks - which involve integration and customization costs
of about $200,000 for a bank with more than $2 billion in its credit card
portfolio - are effective in identifying a number of types of fraud
transactions, including those resulting from new cards stolen while in transit.

The 1992 ABA report on the bank card industry found that nearly 20% of all fraud
dollar losses are related to such thefts.

However, experts said neural networks would be most useful in preventing losses
on cards lost or stolen from customers, which accounts for more than half of all
card fraud in the United States, according to the ABA.

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY NEWS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 581 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1992 American Banker, Inc.


                             139 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             National Mortgage News

                                 April 2, 2012

National Employment and Income Fraud Risk Higher Again

BYLINE: Evan Nemeroff

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3 Vol. 36 No. 27

LENGTH: 428  words


The risk for mortgage fraud in the areas of employment and income rose last
year, according to Interthinx.

The firm's Mortgage Fraud Risk Report found that incidents of employment and
income fraud increased 14% during 2011. This follows an upward trend seen over
the last two years in which these fraud activities occurred 45% of the time.

Interthinx said more employment and income fraud-when a borrower's income is
misrepresented in order to qualify for a loan-is taking place because of the
decline in home prices being outpaced by the decline in the income of working
households combined with more stringent underwriting and documentation
requirements. In particular, this type of risk is particularly high for investor
loans for high-value properties, the Agoura Hills, Calif.-based firm said.

"Keeping our guard up as risk profiles shift requires our industry to think as
creatively as the criminals," said Kevin Coop, president of Interthinx. "That's
only possible when lenders have access to the best data and analytics
available."

The same six states from 2010 remained the riskiest places for mortgage fraud in
2011, led by Nevada.

Over the last eight years, Nevada has experienced a cycle of fraud leading to an
artificial boom followed by a devastating bust resulting in the largest house
price declines, unemployment rates and foreclosure rates in the nation. High
fraud risk, associated in particular with foreclosure and short sale schemes,
contributed to Nevada retaining its top position for mortgage fraud risk across
the country.

Other top states for the most potential for mortgage fraud were Arizona,
Florida, California, Colorado and Michigan.

Meanwhile, the states having the lowest fraud risk also are similar to the prior
year with Kansas, West Virginia, Maine and South Dakota leading the way.

Additionally, 16 of the 20 riskiest metropolitan statistical areas in 2011 were
repeat markets from 2010. All top 20 of the riskiest MSAs are located in the
four riskiest states: 11 in California, and three each in Nevada, Arizona and
Florida. The California cities of Merced, Stockton and Modesto are the top three
riskiest places for fraud, while the entire Chicago MSA saw a dramatic decrease
in high-risk transactions in 2011.

"This alarming degree of persistence suggests that it is going to be a long road
back for these MSAs and states, particularly since current fraud risk is closely
associated with underwater borrowers and distressed/foreclosed properties and
these MSAs are all experiencing high levels of foreclosure activity," the report
said.

URL: http://www.nationalmortgagenews.com//

LOAD-DATE: April 2, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NMN


                        Copyright 2012 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             140 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Mississippi Business Journal (Jackson, MS)

                                January 5, 2009

Fraud examination growing part of forensic accounting

BYLINE: Lynn Lofton

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 454  words


Forensic accounting may not be a household term, but it is a growing sector as
instances of fraud increase. According to the Association of Certified Fraud
Examiners, there are approximately 96 certified fraud examiners (CFE) in
Mississippi.

"Not all of these certified fraud examiners practice forensic accounting, but
each is a highly trained professional in the area of the detection, prevention
or investigation of fraud," said Keith B. Campbell, a Gulfport-based CFE who
does practice forensic accounting. "Fraud is a branch of accounting that deals
with legal definitions and the ability to present findings in a court of law. I
don't make a distinction between fraud accounting and investigative accounting.
Every investigation should be treated as though it will end up in court. "

He says the phrase forensic accounting was coined in 1988 by the national
Association of Certified Fraud Examiners when they started issuing
certifications. He participates in a Gulf Coast Chapter of the association that
includes Mississippi and Alabama.

Mark Morgan of Jackson is the immediate past president of the Central
Mississippi Chapter of Certified Fraud Examiners, which currently has 46 paid
members along with some affiliate members. He says CFEs are now located in 120
countries around the world.

"Our job is to bring fraud training to the Jackson area through seminars," he
said of the chapter's mission. "Certified fraud examiners are required to have
20 hours of education each year to keep up their certification. "

He points out that CPAs and CFEs can testify in court. The two specialists
usually work in teams with CFEs handling the investigative aspects of a case.
One does the numbers and the other testifies as to what happened, the human
aspect of the case.

"It's a profession that is very much in demand," he said. "We're seeing more
need for controls. Long gone are the days of sealing business deals with
handshakes. There's dishonesty in business dealings, and there will definitely
be undue pressure on companies to commit fraud in this economy. There may be
pressure on companies to make their books look more favorable. We call it a
perceived pressure. "

Morgan has a lengthy professional background that includes working as a
financial crimes investigator with the Mississippi State Tax Commission. He now
teaches fraud examination at Mississippi College where 20 different types of
fraud are included in the instruction.

James Koerber, a Hattiesburg CPA and CFE who practices forensic accounting and
business evaluations, agrees that this field is growing. "Accounting Today
magazine's last survey reports that 78 percent of the country's top CPA firms
use forensic accounting in fraud and litigation," he said.

LOAD-DATE: April 14, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             141 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                           January 25, 1996, Thursday

FAKED DEATHS HEAD THE LIST OF TOP FRAUDS FOR 1995

BYLINE: MARGO D. BELLER; Journal of Commerce Staff

SECTION: INSURANCE, Pg. 7A

LENGTH: 595 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


The former Prudential insurance agent and his wife faked their deaths in
Minnesota to collect $ 500,000 before fleeing to Turkey. That qualified their
actions as one of the top 10 frauds of 1995, the Coalition Against Insurance
Fraud said Wednesday.

The list was released as Michigan became the newest state to enact an anti-
insurance fraud act based on a model written by the association of insurance
companies, law enforcements and regulatory organizations in Washington. A
similar measure was passed in Wisconsin and introduced in Colorado, said
pokesman Michael E. Diegel.

Boxing promoter Don King, whose alleged fraud against Lloyd's of London ended in
a hung jury, may have been more notorious, Mr. Diegel said, but those making the
10-worst list "illustrates the various kinds of fraud, particularly egregious
fraud where people's lives are in danger."

The wife of the former agent filed a death claim on her husband in 1992. Their
son, who was indicted with them in Minneapolis in July, filed a claim on his
mother a year later. A sharp investigator noticed the "deaths" in car accidents
took place at the same street intersection. And there was that letter requesting
a change of beneficiary signed by the wife after she ''died."

The case would be funny if it didn't point out the high cost of fraud, Mr.
Diegel said.

Sometimes the cost is in lives. In the 1991 arson-for-profit of Stormy's Seafood
Restaurant in New Smyrna Beach, Fla., two firefighters, died. In March, the
restaurant's owner was sentenced to 15 years in prison and ordered to pay $
250,000 in restitution for the crime.

"Some schemes really stand out and you say, 'that's bad,' " he said. "In the
case of Stormy's Seafood, two public servants lost their lives. You can't put a
price on that. Insurance fraud is not a victimless crime. People get hurt."

People who expected recompense from an insurance company were hurt when Sanders
& Son, a father/son insurance brokerage, double-teamed taxi and limousine
companies by selling an estimated $ 30 million in phony insurance over a
six-year period in New York City. The pair were indicted in February.

Completing the 10-worst list:

* Fireman's Fund won judgments totaling $ 15 million from Bon Bon Pictures Co.
in a California court in September. Bon Bon was using a shell company in 1991 to
defraud the insurer in workers compensation premiums during the making of a film
"Three of Hearts."

* More than 100 people were indicted in Houston in January for a staged auto
accident scheme involving collisions, fake injuries and false claims.

* A Beverly Hills, Calif., doctor was sentenced to eight years in state prison
in April after admitting he and his ex-wife bilked insurers out of $ 30 million
in a workers compensation scam.

* An Orlando, Fla., brother and sister were convicted in August of stealing
almost $ 10 million from their company, 20th Century Life Insurance Co.

* Caremark International Inc., Northbrook, Ill., agreed in June to pay $ 161
million in fines for paying kickbacks to doctors and submitting false billings
to the government.

* The founders of California's Amerimed Medical Corp. were arrested in June as
part of an indictment charging the company bilked employers out of an estimated
$ 30 million to $ 50 million in inflated or unnecessary medical expenses.

* Twenty-one lawyers and 16 insurance company adjusters were indicted in New
York in September for allegedly defrauding insurance companies of at least $ 39
million by bribing claims adjusters to inflate settlements.

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1996 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                             142 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                 June 24, 1991

Mortgage Fraud Threatens VA Loans

SECTION: Pg. 23

LENGTH: 506 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Mortgage fraud is increasing the risk exposure on mortgages guaranteed by the
Department of Veterans Affairs.

"The VA loan guaranty program has perhaps the most vulnerability of any loan
program in the VA. . . . I think the VA is more vulnerable than HUD because, as
you know, the VA does not require downpayments," said Mike Costello, assistant
inspector general for the DVA, during a conference on mortgage fraud here
sponsored by the Mortgage Asset Research Institute.

Cases of mortgage fraud, especially the misrepresentation of information to
qualify marginal homebuyers, is increasing the risk to the VA, the Federal
Housing Administration, and other guarantors of mortgage loans, according to
officials from banking companies and government agencies.

Inflated appraisals, failure to document all of a homebuyer's debts, lower than
reported downpayments and false credit histories are among the problems that can
increase risk exposure.

In the modern mortgage origination process, individuals who have an interest in
consummating a transaction play a larger role in underwriting the mortgage,
increasing the potential for misinformation that increases the risk of problems,
Mr. Costello said.

"Realtors of course are paid a commission and are extremely eager to run a deal
through.  Real estate agents are paid just to sell properties."

The VA guarantees a portion of the mortgage on 3.9 million mortgages with about
$ 154 billion outstanding.  The VA's contingent liability is estimated at $ 60.7
billion.  Since 1984, the VA has required congressional appropriations to cover
losses on the home loan program.

85% of the VA guaranteed mortgages are originated through an automatic lender
approval process, whereby the lender is responsible for much of the
underwriting, such as verifying employment and credit histories.

Between 1980 and 1989, the VA experienced a four-fold increase in the number of
foreclosures under the VA home loan guaranty program.

The VA also saw a changing demographic pattern.

Whereas in 1981, northern industrial states such as Ohio, Illinois, Pennsylvania
and New York had the most foreclosures, by 1990 foreclosures were centered in
southern states including Texas, Colorado, Florida, Oklahoma and Arizona.

The VA inspector general's office investigated 73 cases of alleged fraud in
1990, obtained 47 indictments and 44 convictions.

Of cases currently pending before the IG, 49% involve allegations of fraud in
the origination process, 32% involve allegations of equity skimming, and 21%
involve other types of alleged fraud.

Problems resulting from falsified information during the mortgage origination
process tend to emerge when housing values decline.

The Mortgage Guaranty Insurance Corp., Milwaukee, Wis., has a staff of 15 to
investigate claims where fraud is suspected.

While MGIC believes mortgage fraud or misrepresentation affects only about 1% of
its portfolio, fraud remains a major threat, according to Gordon Seinbach,
assistant vice president, risk management.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1991 National Thrift News, Inc.


This document could not be formatted for delivery. If your delivery request
included other documents, they completed successfully.

                             144 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Mortgage Servicing News

                                  August 2010

Fraud Risk Impedes Portfolio Recovery Efforts

BYLINE: Amilda Dymi

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 26 Vol. 14 No. 8

LENGTH: 537  words


Mortgage fraud, recognized as an impediment to servicer efforts to maximize
portfolio recovery, is on the rise and expected to worsen, especially in
valuations.

Among others, the 2010 first-quarter Interthinx National Fraud Risk Index, based
on the four most common type mortgage fraud risk indices, shows the overall
fraud risk reached its highest level in six years.

"Fraud continues to plague the collateral valuation function, and the fact that
more than 12 million unregulated BPOs were produced in 2009, and are
increasingly used by lenders and servicers simply due to a lack of effective
appraisal solutions," says Mark Linne, evp of AppraisalWorld, San Jose, Calif.
"Our industry is in desperate need of reliable and economical ways to address
the pervasive issue of mortgage fraud."

Data confirm what the nation's lenders and servicers have been saying all along.
Constance Wilson, executive vice president of Interthinx, Agoura Hills, Calif.,
told this publication that fraud risk mitigation "is a top priority" and must
remain so.

The Interthinx Mortgage Fraud Risk Index increased by 4% from 4Q09 and 11% from
1Q09 to 151 (n = 100) exceeding 150 for the first time since 2004. Arizona,
Nevada, California, Florida and Michigan remain the top five states with the
highest fraud risk.

According to the first-quarter Mortgage Fraud Risk Report after a brief
improvement in the last quarter of 2009, property valuation fraud risk resumed
the upward trend that began in the fourth quarter of 2007, and it remains the
primary driver of fraud risk.

Many in the industry now focus on conducting appraisal reviews and collateral
assessments in compliance with the Home Valuation Code of Conduct established in
2009 to provide standards for soliciting, selecting and paying for appraisals
for all loans sold to Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac. Lenders must make use of
appropriate existing technologies to mitigate this type of risk, says Wilson.
Advanced technology is the best way to avoid business-crippling risks, she adds,
which is why large and small shops "must take this type of fraud into
consideration" as they develop their future business strategies.

Lenders and servicers need fraud detection and risk mitigation analytics, says
Interthinx president Kevin Coop. Data analyzed in the report help anticipate
market trends and impact their risk mitigation strategies.

Wilson oversees the Interthinx fraud unit and quality control. And during her
tenure, she says, has seen "more lenders than ever before" show interest in
sharing the types of information that eventually will allow the industry as a
whole to move toward achieving better results in mitigating mortgage fraud.

The 24-year mortgage veteran also finds a growing demand for analytics. Today it
is always in demand, she says, and the trend is to apply analytics that use
larger pools of data "in an effort to be more effective" in avoiding fraud, even
"stopping it cold."

While the latter most probably will remain a utopist industry and consumer wish,
the former goal remains plausible.

As of now three out of four indices show signs of deterioration. Both the
identity and employment/income fraud risk indices were up around 10% compared to
the last quarter of 2009.

URL: http://www.mortgageservicingnews.com/

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter

JOURNAL-CODE: MSN


                        Copyright 2010 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             145 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Credit Union Journal

                                 April 20, 2009

NOW IN THE MARKET

SECTION: GENERAL NEWS; Pg. 4 Vol. 13 No. 16

LENGTH: 358  words


TMG Offers Fraud & Risk Program

DES MOINES, Iowa-In an effort to help CUs better manage credit and debit card
fraud, TMG (The Members Group) is rolling out its customizable Fraud & Risk
Analysis program.

Using a custom process developed by TMG's fraud department, TMG fraud experts
analyze 12 months of a CU's fraud cases to pinpoint exactly where fraud is
originating. After the analysis is complete, TMG's fraud experts recommend and
help implement new fraud strategies to minimize future risk.

For info: www.TheMembersGroup

American Airlines FCU Uses LSI

ELGIN, Ill.-American Airlines FCU in Fort Worth, Texas, has partnered with
Lending Solutions Inc., here, to contact new members of the credit union.
American Airlines FCU has been using Lending Solutions Inc.'s outbound services
since August 2008. The credit union was looking for a way to effectively contact
new members each month to welcome them, identify cross-sell opportunities, and
set the stage for future financial needs without increasing headcount or
extending hours.

For info: www.lendingsolutions.com

CMG's Annual Report Now Online

MADISON, Wis.-CUNA Mutual Group's 2008 Annual Report is now available online.
The report contains information about CUNA Mutual's financial strength and how
the company is navigating these challenging economic times.

To access the 2008 Annual Report, go to www.cunamutual.com and click on "Annual
Report" in the "About CUNA Mutual Group" box. Customers who prefer a hard copy
can access a printable PDF online.

Diebold Beefs Up Crime Deterrence

NORTH CANTON, Ohio-Diebold has developed a strategic relationship with 3VR
Security to beef up its crime deterrence efforts, bringing intelligent video
management solutions to help reduce fraud for organizations in the financial,
retail and government markets around the world.

Diebold said it validated product functionality through a variety of lab tests.
The company also tested the performance of the solutions through a pilot
deployment at Bank of Hawaii.

3VR will host a live Webinar introduction to 3VR technology for Diebold
customers April 9 at 11 a.m. PST.

For info: www.3vr.com or www.dieboldsecurity.com

URL: http://www.cujournal.com/

LOAD-DATE: April 17, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter

JOURNAL-CODE: CUJ


                        Copyright 2009 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             146 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       The Metropolitan Corporate Counsel

                         March, 2002 Northeast Edition

Breakfast Series Of CLE Seminars Sponsored By Control Risks Group

SECTION: CORPORATE COUNSEL ORGANIZATION HIGHLIGHTS; Pg. 49

LENGTH: 427 words


Control Risks Group, LLC will hold the second in a series of breakfast programs
on Wednesday, March 13, on Money Laundering: Navigating the International Waters
of the USA Patriot Act's Enhanced Due Diligence Requirements.  This
presentation, and all others in the series, will be held at The Princeton Club
of New York, 15 West 43rd Street, between 5th and 6th Avenues, New York City.

Sari Kolatch, director of investigation with Control Risks Group, and Warren S.
Sutnick, Sutnick & Sutnick, will be the featured speakers.  They will outline
the components of an anti-money laundering compliance program under the law,
with particular emphasis on how to overcome the challenges and obstacles or
international due diligence investigations.

Registration and continental breakfast before each program will take place from
8 to 8:30 a.m., followed by the presentation and a question and answer period
from 8:30 to 9:30 a.m. For reservations, contact Elayne DeMaria by telephone
(212) 967-3955 or fax 212-967-3956.

***

Control Risks Group on February 12 presented a program on Fraud Vulnerability &
Risk Assessment at the Princeton Club of New York.

The speakers included Sari Kolatch, director of investigations, and Tom Sterner,
director, investigations, Control Risks Group LLC.

Ms. Kolatch outlined the scope of potential types of fraud that corporations
might face. Many companies confuse deterrence with control against fraud, which
is a mistake, she said. The potential for fraud is broad. Areas of potential
fraud include employment-related fraud and procurement-related fraud. The
potential ramifications of fraud include financial loss to the company, injury
to reputation, adverse impact on share value and market share impact. In a
worst-case scenario, fraud can be catastrophic and lead to bankruptcy of a
company.

Mr. Sterner reviewed the tools available to identify and prevent fraud. They
include external databases, technology tools and well-designed processes.

The speakers also described several case studies of fraudulent activities that
Control Risks Group has encountered in its work. These highlighted the different
types of fraud, the variability of fraud fact patterns and the ways in which
fraud might be anticipated.

Control Risks Group LLC will present additional breakfast briefings on various
topics on March 13 (money laundering), April 17 (corporate internal
investigations), May 15 (tactics for dealing with special interest groups) and
June 18 (security issues). All briefings will be at the Princeton Club.

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

            Copyright 2002 The Metropolitan Corporate Counsel, Inc.

                             147 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                  May 9, 1988
                              Correction Appended

Texas Probe Expanding

BYLINE: By PAUL MUOLO

SECTION: Pg. 1

LENGTH: 686 words

DATELINE: DALLAS


Justice Department officials said last week that their investigation into Texas
S&L and bank fraud is expanding and that hundreds of similar investigations are
underway in major cities around the country.

Edwin Tomko, deputy chief of the Justice Department's criminal division, said
there are more than 3,280 open cases of bank and S&L fraud, noting that Los
Angeles tops the list with 219 cases.  Some of the investigations are said to
overlap.

Quoting statistics released by a Congressional committee last year, Mr. Tomko,
who heads up the Justice Department's Dallas-based task force on Texas bank
fraud, told a group of attorneys attending an American Bankers Association
meeting here that "over the last 10 years people being charged with wrongdoing
in this area has become a growth industry."

He called fighting financial fraud "one of the top two priorities of the Justice
Department." The other is investigating government contracting fraud.

According to Mr. Tomko, Federal officials are investigating 219 cases of
financial fraud in Dallas and 150 cases in Houston.

Last year the Federal Home Loan Bank Board filed 3000 criminal referrals with
the Justice Department.

To date, Texas and Oklahoma are believed to be the only states to get a banking
fraud task force.

Mr. Tomko said a task force "is in the works in Tampa" to investigate Park Bank,
he said, but that may not get off the ground because of a lack of Federal funds.
"Unfortunately criminals are not affected by Gramm-Rudman," he said, referring
to the budget deficit reduction act.

The Oklahoma task force, much smaller than the Department's Dallas unit, is
investigating three cases, and has targeted 20 individuals.

He added that the "only problem is money.  We can't afford it.  We're supporting
criminal investigations involving bank (and thrift) fraud in Oregon, Vermont,
and Indiana."

Major urban centers that have Federal criminal investigations that involve bank
fraud include New York, 125 cases; San Francisco, 121; Chicago, 120; Miami, 107;
San Antonio, 91; Tampa, 89; Denver, 84; Oklahoma, 81; and New Orleans, 79.

Bank fraud under investigation involves everything from teller malfeasance to
insider abuses by owners and management causing losses of $ 1,000 or more.

The Dallas-based task force is investigating 30 financial institutions, mostly
thrifts, and "has targeted "200 to 300 subjects," he said.

Speaking to both defense lawyers and private attorneys that work for the Federal
Savings and Loan Insurance Corp. at an American Bar Association - sponsored
meeting here, Mr. Tomko said "the problems are outstripping our resources."

Mr. Tomko told attorneys here that he is leaving the Justice Department next
month to take a job in the private sector.

The Dallas task force is "growing," he said.  "Right how we have 43 people.  We
have a ceiling of 50.  This week we just added another."

Last year a grand jury here issued hundreds of subpoenas, seeking financial
records of about 290 past and present bank and thrift owners, managers, and
borrowers.

Thrifts believed to be under investigation include the defunct Vernon (Texas)
Savings and Loan Association, and State Savings Association, Lubbock.

"There's a grand jury here that meets twice a month," he said.  "It's a
continual presentation to the grand jury on task force activity."

Thus far the task force has been responsible for 11 indictments.  "Of those
we've gotten 10 pleas for convictions," he said.

In comments aimed at defense attorneys attending the ABA meeting, Mr. Tomko
said, with a smile, "we at the task force want to make sure everyone charged
gets to go to jail at least a little bit."

Other law enforcement officials attending the meeting here, including members of
the U.S. Attorney's office, warned defense attorneys that "Texas judges do not
give light sentences".

"Right now is a bad time for your clients," said one.  "It used to be that
people trusted their doctors, their ministers, and their bankers.  Well, Jimmy
and Tammy (Bakker) took care of the ministers, and well, you know what's
happening to the bankers."

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: May 16, 1988

CORRECTION: In the May 9 issue, NTN incorrectly reported that comments by Edwin
Tomko, deputy chief of the Justice Department's criminal division, were made at
an American Bankers Association meeting in Dallas.  The comments were actually
made at an American Bar Association meeting.  In the same story it was reported
thus far the task force has been responsible for 11 indictments.  "Of those
we've gotten 10 pleas for convictions," Mr. Tomko said.  The quote should have
read, "ten pleas or convictions."

                   Copyright 1988 National Thrift News, Inc.

                             148 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             National Mortgage News

                                 June 21, 2010

Fraud Risk Impedes Portfolio Recovery Efforts

BYLINE: Amilda Dymi

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 8 Vol. 34 No. 38

LENGTH: 544  words


Mortgage fraud, recognized as an impediment to lender-servicer efforts to
maximize portfolio recovery, is on the rise and expected to get worse,
especially in property valuations.

Among others, the 2010 first-quarter Interthinx National Fraud Risk Index, based
on the four most common type mortgage fraud risk indices, shows the overall
fraud risk reached its highest level in six years.

"Fraud continues to plague the collateral valuation function, and the fact that
more than 12 million unregulated BPOs were produced in 2009, and are
increasingly used by lenders and servicers simply due to a lack of effective
appraisal solutions," says Mark Linne, executive vice president of
AppraisalWorld, San Jose, Calif. "Our industry is in desperate need of reliable
and economical ways to address the pervasive issue of mortgage fraud."

Data confirm what the nation's lenders and servicers have been saying all along.
Constance Wilson, executive vice president of Interthinx, Agoura Hills, Calif.,
told this publication that fraud risk mitigation "is a top priority" and must
remain so.

The Interthinx Mortgage Fraud Risk Index increased by 4% from 4Q09 and 11% from
1Q09 to 151 (n = 100) exceeding 150 for the first time since 2004. Arizona,
Nevada, California, Florida and Michigan remain the top five states with the
highest fraud risk.

According to the first-quarter Mortgage Fraud Risk Report after a brief
improvement in the last quarter of 2009, property valuation fraud risk resumed
the upward trend that began in the fourth quarter of 2007, and it remains the
primary driver of fraud risk.

Many in the industry now focus on conducting appraisal reviews and collateral
assessments in compliance with the Home Valuation Code of Conduct established in
2009 to provide standards for soliciting, selecting and paying for appraisals
for all loans sold to Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac. Lenders must make use of
appropriate existing technologies to mitigate this type of risk, says Wilson.
Advanced technology is the best way to avoid business-crippling risks, she adds,
which is why large and small shops "must take this type of fraud into
consideration" as they develop their future business strategies.

Lenders and servicers need fraud detection and risk mitigation analytics, says
Interthinx president Kevin Coop. Data analyzed in the report help anticipate
market trends and impact their risk mitigation strategies.

Wilson oversees the Interthinx fraud unit and quality control. And during her
tenure, she says, has seen "more lenders than ever before" show interest in
sharing the types of information that eventually will allow the industry as a
whole to move toward achieving better results in mitigating mortgage fraud.

The 24-year mortgage veteran also finds a growing demand for analytics. Today it
is always in demand, she says, and the trend is to apply analytics that use
larger pools of data "in an effort to be more effective" in avoiding fraud, even
"stopping it cold."

While the latter most probably will remain a utopist industry and consumer wish,
the former goal remains plausible.

As of now three out of four indices show signs of deterioration.

Both the identity and employment/income fraud risk indices were up around 10%
compared to the last quarter of 2009.

URL: http://www.nationalmortgagenews.com//

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NMN


                        Copyright 2010 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             149 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               MortgageDaily.com

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           January 19, 2017 Thursday

BRIEF: Mortgage Fraud Risk Grows, Could Rise More

BYLINE: Mortgage Daily

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 207 words


Jan. 19--Quarterly mortgage fraud risk increased and is expected to go higher.
Communities in New York and Florida are at the most risk.

In the fourth quarter of last year, the National Mortgage Application Fraud Risk
Index worked out to a level of 122.

The index, a reflection of mortgage industry loan-application fraud risk,
increased compared to 108 in the prior thee-month period.

It was also worse than 115 in the final quarter of 2015.

CoreLogic Inc. published the index based on residential loan applications
processed through its LoanSafe Fraud Manager.

CoreLogic noted that the most significant increase was with loans to finance
home purchases.

The report indicated that with lower originations and a smaller refinance share
projected for this year, "it is likely the National Index will continue to trend
upwards in 2017."

In the Miami core-based statistical area, the index was 261 -- higher than in
any of the 100 most-populated areas of the country.

In the Daytona Beach, Florida, area, the index was 217. After that was 215 in
the New York area; 212 in the Tampa, Florida, area; and 193 in the Syracuse, New
York area.

___ (c)2017 Mortgage Daily Visit Mortgage Daily at www.mortgagedaily.com
Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20170119-1MG-BRF-Mortgage-Fraud-Risk-Grows-Could-Rise-More-0119-20170119

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1MG


                                 Copyright 2017

                             150 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                  December 2, 1998, Wednesday, JOURNAL EDITION

Audit concludes Medicare fraud is going uncaught

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 16a

LENGTH: 280 words

DATELINE: Washington


The private firms that administer Medicare often ignore their duty to
aggressively root out fraudulent claims that cost the program billions of
dollars in improper payments, according to a new federal audit obtained by USA
Today.

The audit, by the inspector-general for the Department of Health and Human
Services, says the government should ensure that contractors processing nearly a
billion Medicare claims each year are more "proactive" in uncovering fraud, a
problem estimated to cost $ 20 billion annually. "We expect a good police
officer to detect . . .  crime, not wait for crime to occur," Sen. Charles
Grassley (R-Iowa) chairman of the Senate Aging Committee, told USA Today. "We
should expect the same from those charged with protecting Medicare."

The federal government contracts with dozens of companies to administer
virtually all claims under Medicare, the government program that finances health
care for the elderly. Federal rules require those companies to maintain a fraud
unit, paid for with government money earmarked for that.

But the audit found that the fraud units don't always work, USA Today reported.
It reviewed fraud units at 41 companies, responsible for about 75 percent of
Medicare billings, or about $ 130 billion a year.

A quarter of the 41 contractors failed to refer a single fraud case to the
government for prosecution in 1996, the most recent year for which auditors had
data. Among the 11 largest contractors three generated fewer than 50 fraud cases
in 1996. Better performers found more than 200 fraud cases.

Half the fraud units failed to generate a case that wasn't based on an outside
complaint, the audit found.

LOAD-DATE: December 3, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Today's News

                    Copyright 1998 The Atlanta Constitution

                             151 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                July 12, 1984, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

Writer Pleads in Land Case

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section D; Page 18, Column 1; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 220 words

DATELINE: LOS ANGELES, July 11


A Dutch financial writer accused of helping run one of the biggest frauds in
United States history has pleaded not guilty to charges of selling virtually
worthless American land to Dutch investors.

Rienk Hendricus Kamer, who is 41 years old, was ordered to go on trial in
September along with Bernard Whitney, a southern California real estate
developer.

Mr. Kamer was arraigned Tuesday before United States District Judge Richard
Gadbois on 57 counts of conspiracy, mail fraud, wire fraud and foreign
transportation of the proceeds of a fraud, according to Henry Rossbacher, an
Assistant United States Attorney.

The felony indictment involved undeveloped land in the Antelope Valley north of
Los Angeles, and in Utah, Texas and New York. Mr. Rossbacher said the scheme had
cost investors between $200 million and $2 billion.

Mr. Kamer, who had been in custody since his arrest last Oct. 11 in Belgium, was
returned to the United States over the weekend.

The judge scheduled Mr. Kamer to go on trial Sept. 18 with Mr. Whitney, 65, who
pleaded not guilty to the charges last October.

The indictment charges that Mr. Kamer induced Dutch investors seeking tax
shelters to buy the land, including property he did not own, and charges Mr.
Whitney with illegally sheltering the profits in foreign bank accounts.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1984 The New York Times Company

                             152 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                            December 15, 2006 Friday
                              Correction Appended
                                 FINAL EDITION

Police Sting Nets 2 Men In 'Red-Hot Mortgage Fraud'

BYLINE: SHANNON BEHNKEN, The Tampa Tribune

SECTION: METRO; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 538 words


TAMPA - Local authorities arrested two people Wednesday during a sting at a
local title agency, part of a "red-hot mortgage fraud scheme" playing out across
the country.

Anthony Capsouto, 36, a Nevada mortgage broker, and Muhammed Sekertekin, 29, an
illegal immigrant from Turkey, were arrested during a settlement closing in
Tampa, the Tampa Police Department said Thursday.

The men were trying to obtain a fraudulent mortgage in Sekertekin's name on a
home at 811 Golf Island Drive, Apollo Beach. The men wanted to inflate the
recorded sales price of the house from $690,000 to $910,000. At closing,
$210,000 was to be paid back to a company started last month by Sekertekin.

At the closing, Capsouto insisted that the information about the $210,000 payoff
be omitted from the settlement document, said Tampa police Detective Jim
Bartoszak. That is a violation of state and federal law. Also a violation,
Bartoszak said, was Capsouto insisting the addendum not be sent to the lender.

Tampa police and U.S. Secret Service videotaped and audiotaped the closing. The
men were arrested at the settlement table.

"We think they were going to default on the loan and run away with the money,"
Bartoszak said. "It's a great scam. How do you ruin the credit rating on a guy
who's here illegally?"

The unusual financial structure of this deal closely resembles recent sales
reported in investigations by The Tampa Tribune, Bartoszak said. The stories led
to investigations by state and federal authorities. The articles, Bartoszak
said, were used to help law enforcement figure out how Capsouto and Sekertekin
were working the deal.

"Rarely do we get the opportunity to disrupt one of these kinds of deals before
it happens." Bartoszak said.

Law enforcement and real estate experts say these deals are sweeping the nation,
and investigators fear the publicity of this case could disrupt investigations.
"People could skip town and shred documents," Bartoszak said.

Bartoszak said the lender, which he would not identify, contacted the FBI after
discovering inconsistencies in Sekertekin's income statements.

As in cases investigated by the newspaper, a real estate agent was asked to
inflate the value of the property in the Multiple Listing Service, a database of
home listings.

The home languished on the market for 179 days at $690,000 with no offers. An
addendum was included with the original sales contract stating that $210,000 was
to go to Sekertekin's Las Vegas-based company, ENKA Consulting LLC.

Bartoszak said the FBI has not interviewed the appraisal company that valued the
home at the higher price that authorities think was inflated.

Sekertekin owns properties in Arizona and California, where it appears the same
financial arrangement was used, he said, adding the investigation is ongoing and
could result in other arrests.

Capsouto was released from Orient Road Jail on $15,000 bail. Sekertekin, held at
the request of federal immigration officials, remained in jail Thursday night.
He has not been charged with an immigration violation.

Reporter Shannon Behnken can be reached at (813) 259-7804 or
sbehnken@tampatrib.com.

Copyright © 2006, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: December 30, 2006



CORRECTION: The FBI was not involved in the arrest of two men this week for
mortgage fraud. A story in Friday's Metro section incorrectly included the
agency. (12/16/06)


CLARIFICATION: Muhammed Sekertekin, who was arrested Dec. 13 on a charge related
to mortgage fraud, is being held in jail at the request of federal immigration
officials. He has not been charged with an immigration violation. The story ran
in the Metro section on Dec. 15.

Muhammed Sekertekin, who was arrested Dec. 13 on a charge related to mortgage
fraud, is being held in jail at the request of federal immigration officials. He
has not been charged with an immigration violation. The story ran in the Metro
section on Dec. 15.

GRAPHIC: .

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2006 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune

                             153 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           August 13, 2014 Wednesday

Washington: Former Los Angeles Sheriff's Deputy Sentenced in Mortgage Fraud
Scheme

LENGTH: 679  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

Tammy Dickinson, United States Attorney for the Western District of Missouri,
announced today that a former deputy of the Los Angeles County, Calif.,
Sheriff's Department has been sentenced in federal court for his role in an $11
million mortgage fraud scheme.

James Arthur Nash, Jr., 44, of Corona, Calif., was sentenced by U.S. District
Judge Greg Kays to three years and six months in federal prison without parole.
The court also ordered Nash to pay $446,641 in restitution.

Nash was convicted at trial on Dec. 6, 2013, of conspiracy to commit wire fraud
and four counts of wire fraud related to fax transmissions and e-mails that were
sent across state lines during the mortgage application process.

Co-defendant Arman Nshanian, 38, also a former sheriff's deputy from Corona,
Calif., was sentenced on July 8, 2014, to three years and six months in federal
prison without parole and ordered to pay $785,926 in restitution. Nshanian was
also convicted at trial of his role in the criminal conspiracy, as well as two
counts of wire fraud.

Nash and Nshanian are among nine defendants who participated in a mortgage fraud
scheme from early 2005 through Aug. 4, 2006. Mortgage lenders made loans of
approximately $11,092,886 on 16 residential properties in Lee's Summit, Liberty,
Blue Springs, Parkville, Independence and Oak Grove, Mo. From that total,
unbeknownst to the lenders, buyers received approximately $2,006,845 in secret
illegal kickbacks from the loan proceeds. The scheme resulted in a financial
loss to mortgage lenders of nearly $5 million.

Nash fraudulently purchased two residential properties on South Brittany in Blue
Springs, Mo., for $540,647 (inflated by $140,747) and for $520,047 (inflated by
$160,147). He received a $100,000 kickback from each property. Two months later,
he unsuccessfully attempted to sell the properties to another person, using a
similar fraud scheme. Nash's loans for the properties went into default shortly
after the purchases and the loans were foreclosed.

Nash attempted unsuccessfully to purchase a third property for $649,930. He also
obtained a fraudulent $53,300 home improvement loan for a swimming pool at his
California home.

Seven co-defendants have pleaded guilty and been sentenced. Leann Raejeana
Turner, 44, of Blue Springs, was a real estate agent working for a series of
real estate companies during the conspiracy. Carole L. Colson, 71, formerly
doing business as Carole Colson Real Estate in Blue Springs, now of Lake Worth,
Fla., was a real estate agent. Bruce Q. Williams, 44, of Kansas City, Kan., and
Anthony E. Hicks, 42, of Little Rock, Ark., were loan officers at mortgage
brokerage companies. Other co-defendants were "home buyers" who conspired to
defraud mortgage lenders.

The scheme involved buying and selling homes at inflated prices, obtaining
mortgage loans at the inflated prices, then kicking back $100,000 of the excess
loan proceeds to each of the home buyers without the lenders' knowledge. The
scheme financially benefitted all of the conspirators. Turner (the real estate
agent for 15 of the 16 transactions) received commissions and sometimes hidden
payments and assets; Colson (another real estate agent), Williams and Hicks (the
loan officers) received commissions from the transactions. The home buyers
received illegal secret kickbacks.

Turner and Colson listed and arranged for the sale of the homes at inflated
prices and solicited buyers. Misrepresentations and omissions of material facts
were made to mortgage lenders in order to obtain the loans. In order to obtain
the loan proceeds without the lenders' knowledge, the buyers created fictitious
businesses that issued false invoices that claimed the businesses had provided
work and services for which they were entitled to receive loan proceeds.

This case was prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorney Linda Parker Marshall. It
was investigated by the FBI and IRS-Criminal Investigation.

For more information please visit: http://www.fbi.gov


LOAD-DATE: August 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             154 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                           December 7, 2011 Wednesday
                                 METRO EDITION

Three convicted in complex fraud case

BYLINE: DAN BROWNING; STAFF WRITER, STAR TRIBUNE (Mpls.-St. Paul)

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 2D

LENGTH: 544 words



HIGHLIGHT: Federal judge excoriates two of the defendants as "audaciously
dishonest."


After a four-week-long trial in Minneapolis, jurors found two men guilty Tuesday
of a complex interstate fraud and money-laundering scheme that prosecutors said
bilked more than $660,000 from their former employer, Advantage Transportation
Inc. of Eagan.

Clayton "Craig" Hogeland, 41, now of Aurora, Texas, was found guilty of mail
fraud, conspiracy to commit mail fraud, conspiracy to commit money laundering,
and income tax evasion.

His friend Jeffrey Cole Bennett, 51, of Arlington, Tenn., was found guilty of
mail fraud, conspiracy to commit mail fraud, conspiracy to commit money
laundering, and income tax evasion.

Hogeland's wife, Jennifer Rose Hogeland, 38, was convicted of three counts of
income tax evasion.

The mail fraud charges each carry maximum terms of 20 years in prison; the money
laundering conspiracy charges, 10 years each; the mail fraud conspiracy charges,
five years each; and the tax charges, five years each.

U.S. District Judge Patrick Schiltz praised the jurors for their diligence in
sifting through reams of evidence. After they left the room, he turned to the
defendants.

Schiltz called Hogeland "an extremely dishonest man, an audaciously dishonest
man." He accused Hogeland of trying to prompt judicial error by offering to
plead guilty after the defense had rested its case, but before jurors began
deliberations. Schiltz responded at the time that he would only consider a
guilty plea after the jurors officially got the case. Hogeland then changed his
mind.

"I think that last-ditch guilty plea was an attempt to set me up," Schiltz said.

Hogeland's attorney, John Brink, took the blame. "He was following my advice.
There was no attempt to set you up on appeal," he said.

Schiltz said he was torn about letting Hogeland remain free pending sentencing,
but agreed to do so with electronic monitoring. He explained that Hogeland has a
medical condition that requires close scrutiny, and he wanted proof that the
Sherburne County jail could provide it before he orders him held.

Schiltz ordered Bennett taken into custody over the objections of his lawyer,
James Thomas of Memphis. "His dishonesty was even more audacious than Mr.
Hogeland's," Schlitz said. "It really was jaw-dropping."

Jennifer Hogeland was allowed to remain free on bond pending sentencing.

Advantage Transportation connects freight companies with trucking firms
nationwide. It's part of the Dart Transit Co. founded in 1934 by Earl Oren.

Assistant U.S. Attorney Timothy Rank argued that Hogeland, a former general
manager at Advantage, created four companies -- three of them shams -- and had
them bill Advantage for products, most of which were never provided. Hogeland
approved payment and Bennett paid the Hogelands kickbacks, which Jennifer
Hogeland deposited into their bank accounts.

Defense attorneys told jurors a different tale, alleging retribution by a
spurned boss, and a rough-and-tumble shipping industry rife with "brother-in-law
deals" that reward fixers for arranging contracts. Any tax issues were simple
errors, they argued.

Rank praised investigators with the IRS and the U.S. Postal Inspection service,
noting that the case involved substantial sums and multiple entities in several
states.

"The jury did a good job," he said.

Dan Browning - 612-673-4493

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2011 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved

                             155 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                 March 18, 1999, Thursday, CONSTITUTION EDITION

Lyons guilty in federal case

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 07A

LENGTH: 110 words

DATELINE: Tampa


Already convicted of state swindling charges, the Rev. Henry Lyons pleaded
guilty Wednesday to federal tax evasion and fraud stemming from his running of
the National Baptist Convention USA.

Lyons pleaded guilty to one count of bank fraud, two counts of tax evasion and
two counts of making false statements to a bank officer and the federal
government. He also had been charged with money laundering, wire fraud and
extortion, but those charges were dropped in return for his guilty plea. The
charges paralleled a state case in which he was convicted of fleecing companies
trying to do business with the influential black church organization.


LOAD-DATE: March 18, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Home

                    Copyright 1999 The Atlanta Constitution

                             156 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               americanbanker.com

                          September 4, 2013 Wednesday

Four Plead Guilty in Mortgage Fraud that Hurt Banks

BYLINE: Sarah Todd

SECTION: CONSUMER FINANCE; PEOPLE Vol. 1 No. 137

LENGTH: 180  words


Four people in Wichita, Kan., have pleaded guilty to participating in a mortgage
fraud that cost lenders more than $221,000.

The defendants admitted to providing lenders with false information on home loan
applications, according to a press release Tuesday from the U.S. Attorney's
Office in Wichita. Three defendants pleaded guilty to wire fraud, while one
pleaded guilty to bank fraud. They each face up to 30 years in prison and a fine
of as much as $1 million. Sentencing is scheduled for Nov. 25.

Among the victims were Flagstar Bank in Troy, Mich.; the now-defunct Lehman
Brothers Bank; and First Tennessee Bank in Memphis.

The four defendants said the scheme was organized by another co-defendant Manjur
Alam, a former real estate agent who allegedly recruited a ring of straw buyers
and sellers with promises of easy money.

Alam stands accused of conspiracy, wire fraud, bank fraud, money laundering and
making a false statement to the Department of Housing and Urban Development. Two
other people also face charges in the case. No information about trial dates was
available.

URL: http://www.americanbanker.com

LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AMERICANBANKER_BLOG_PEOPLE


                        Copyright 2013 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             157 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 24, 2014 Wednesday

Washington: Former Wichita Man Sentenced for $2.7 Million Mortgage Fraud

LENGTH: 492  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

Tammy Dickinson, United States Attorney for the Western District of Missouri,
announced that a former Wichita, Kan., man was sentenced in federal court today
for his role in a $2.7 million mortgage fraud scheme.

Terrence Matthew Brown, also known as Terry Brown, 49, of Round Rock, Texas,
formerly of Wichita, was sentenced by U.S. District Judge Brian C. Wimes to
seven years and three months in federal prison without parole. The court also
ordered Brown to pay $1,201,635 in restitution.

On May 2, 2013, Brown was found guilty of conspiracy to commit wire fraud and
five counts of wire fraud.

Brown participated in a mortgage fraud conspiracy in 2006 in which mortgage
lenders were defrauded in 10 separate loans for five properties, which were
obtained by false statements in loan applications and other documents. Mortgage
loans totaling $2.7 million were approved to purchase properties in Greenwood,
Mo., Kansas City, Mo., Overland Park, Kan., and Leawood, Kan., all within a
period of three months.

The scheme involved Brown buying homes at inflated prices, obtaining mortgage
loans by fraud at the inflated amounts, and receiving kickbacks from the excess
loan proceeds without the lenders' knowledge. In order to qualify for the loans,
Brown lied to lenders about his income, his employment, his assets and
liabilities, his intent to occupy the properties and other matters.

Brown and co-conspirators structured the home purchases in such a way that Brown
would receive money from the loan proceeds without the knowledge or consent of
the lenders. Brown received more than $200,000 in illegal kickbacks. In order to
receive the kickbacks without the lenders finding out, Brown submitted false
invoices to the title companies closing the loans. The invoices were in the
names of businesses that claimed to be entitled to payment for services
supposedly rendered.

All the loans went into default and the properties were foreclosed.

According to court documents, Brown would not have qualified financially for the
loans if he had been truthful, as his income would not have supported the loans.

Brown failed to live in any of the five properties as his primary residence.
Brown was a sex offender required to register where he lived; he reported to law
enforcement that he lived in two of the properties for brief periods, but he
failed to make any of them his primary residence for a year as required by the
mortgages. He also made only $28,778 in total mortgage payments - barely more
than one month of combined payments on the loans - before he defaulted on each
of the loans.

This case was prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorney Linda Parker Marshall. It
was investigated by the FBI.
This content has been reproduced from its original source.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             158 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          December 10, 2014 Wednesday

California Man Pleads Guilty to Multi-State Bank Fraud Scheme

LENGTH: 508  words

DATELINE: Santa Fe


United States Attorney's Office for the District of New Mexico has issued the
following press release:

Kevin Cohn, 31, of Rialto, Calif., pleaded guilty this morning to conspiracy to
commit bank fraud under a plea agreement with the U.S. Attorney's Office.  Cohn
is the third member of the conspiracy to enter a guilty plea in the case.

Cohn's co-defendants, Denny Smith, 50, of Hesperia, Calif., and Michael Anthony
Bjornethun, 40, of Riverside, Calif., were charged with bank fraud offenses in a
criminal complaint filed on Jan. 13, 2014.  The two subsequently were indicted
on Jan. 22, 2014, and charged with conspiracy to commit bank fraud and five
counts of bank fraud.

Cohn was added as a defendant to the case in a 12-count superseding indictment
filed on March 26, 2014.  Count 1 of the indictment charged Smith and Cohn with
conspiracy to commit bank fraud and Count 2 charged Smith and Bjornethun with
the same offense.  Counts 3 through 12 charged the three men with individual
bank fraud offenses.  According to the superseding indictment and other court
filings, Cohn, Smith and Bjornethun perpetuated a scheme in Jan. 2014 to defraud
a bank by using counterfeit debit cards to purchase items from U.S. Post Offices
in New Mexico, Arizona and Texas.

This morning, Cohn pled guilty to Count 1 of the superseding indictment charging
him with conspiracy to commit bank fraud.  In entering his guilty plea, Cohn
admitted that in Jan. 2014, he traveled with Smith from California to Arizona,
New Mexico and Texas, where they visited various post offices and purchased
stamps, gift cards and other items with counterfeit debit cards.  Cohn admitted
that the purpose of the trip was to commit fraud.   In his plea agreement, Cohn
admitted that he and his co-conspirators perpetuated fraud in the amount of
$30,505.52 during the life of their bank fraud scheme.

Cohn has been in federal custody since his arrest in Sept. 2014, and remains
detained pending his sentencing hearing, which has yet to be scheduled.  At
sentencing, Cohn faces a statutory maximum penalty of 30 years in prison.  Cohn,
together with his co-defendants, will be required to pay restitution in the
amount of $30,505.52 to the U.S. Postal Service as part of his sentence.

Cohn's co-defendants previously entered guilty pleas and have been sentenced.
Smith entered a guilty plea on June 24, 2014, to Counts 1 and 2 of the
superseding indictment, and was sentenced on Aug. 25, 2014, to 27 months in
federal prison followed by three years of supervised release.  Bjornethun plead
guilty to the original indictment without the benefit of a plea agreement on
March 19, 2014.  On June 30, 2014, Bjornethun was sentenced to 172 days of time
served followed by two years of supervised release.

This case was investigated by the U.S. Postal Inspection Service and is being
prosecuted by Assistants U.S. Attorney Samuel A. Hurtado and C. Paige Messec.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             159 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                     December 1, 1995, Friday, City Edition

Brokers face fraud charges amid federal crackdown

SOURCE: Compiled from Staff and Wire Reports

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 1E

LENGTH: 510 words



Largo financial consultant Alan E. Handy and 10 other brokers around the
country have been named in federal criminal charges filed as part of a  national
crackdown on "rogue brokers," the Justice Department announced  Thursday.

Handy, 48, is accused of creating counterfeit securities and account  statements
to steal $ 950,000 from 42 victims, mostly elderly women. U.S.  Attorney Charles
R. Wilson said Handy has agreed to plead guilty to securities  fraud, mail fraud
, wire fraud and filing a false tax return.

In the past, most securities fraud cases were handled administratively by
investment firms who fired rogue brokers and made restitution to clients.
Thursday's charges mark the government's decision to bring criminal charges in
such cases more often, the Justice Department said.

"The message is this kind of theft and lying simply will not be  tolerated,"
said Arthur Levitt Jr., chairman of the Securities and Exchange  Commission.

Handy most recently was licensed as a broker with SunAmerica Securities  Inc. of
Phoenix, which discovered the fraud after a customer inquiry and  reported it to
the Florida Division of Securities. SunAmerica said it has  reimbursed customers
whose losses occurred while Handy was affiliated with  their firm. Director
Donald Saxon said the division is still in discussions  with SunAmerica about
its supervision of brokers.

The phony account statements allowed Handy to conceal the thefts, which
occurred between December 1988 and January 1994, Wilson said. He said Handy  has
agreed to forfeit his house, valued at $ 200,000, along with $ 18,000 in  cash.
He also could be sentenced to more than 30 years in prison and millions  of
dollars in fines.

Levitt compared the white-collar criminals like Handy to thieves "who go  into a
store with a handgun" to rob.

But he called them "a few bad apples" among brokers, and said he didn't  think
there was a wider problem.

"Really they were preying on clients who were least able to protect
themselves," Levitt said, noting that most of the victims were elderly,
disabled or retired and unfamiliar with how the financial markets work.
"Investors have got to protect themselves."

Attorney General Janet Reno said, "No one was spared from this greedy and
heartless conduct."

The SEC opened the investigation nine months ago, Levitt said. The Federal
Bureau of Investigation reviewed a paper trail left by brokers who had been
fired for misconduct.

In South Florida, Gary B. Scher of Plantation was accused by the U.S.  attorney
in Miami of embezzling more than $ 500,000 from client accounts at his  own
commodity brokerage company and while he was an employee of Paine Webber  Inc.
at its Lauderdhill and Fort Lauderdale branch offices.

The other states involved in the charges filed Thursday are Illinois,  Indiana,
Iowa, Michigan, New Mexico, Ohio, Oklahoma, Pennsylvania and Texas.

- Information from Times staff writer Helen Huntley and the Associated Press
was used in this report.

LOAD-DATE: December 1, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1995 Times Publishing Company

                             160 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Lowell Sun (Massachusetts)

                             April 18, 2006 Tuesday

Police: Couple swindled more than $200G from businesses

BYLINE: By LISA REDMOND, Sun Staff

SECTION: LOCAL; News

LENGTH: 271 words


BOSTON -- A husband and wife team are accused of trying to defraud insurance
companies, restaurants and hospitals -- including a Burlington restaurant and a
Lowell hospital -- by allegedly swallowing glass and claiming it had been in the
food.

Ronald Evano was arrested last week in Maryland and faces multiple counts of
mail fraud, wire fraud, identify fraud, Social Security fraud, and false
statements made on health-care matters.

Prosecutors allege that between August 1997 and June 2005, Evano and his wife,
Mary, who is still wanted by police, swindled more than $200,000 from insurance
companies after falsely claiming that hotels, supermarkets and restaurants in
Maryland, Rhode Island, Massachusetts and Washington, D.C., served food with
glass in it.

Although the couple received insurance settlements for their claims, $100,000 in
medical bills are still unpaid.

On Aug. 19, 1998, prosecutors say Mary Evano, using the alias Nancy Stevens,
claimed she ate glass that was in a plate of beans served to her at an unnamed
restaurant in Burlington. Three days later, she was admitted to Saints Memorial
Medical Center in Lowell claiming to be injured by the glass she swallowed.

Doctors there performed a variety of procedures, including a colonoscopy,
resulting in medical bills of over $10,000, prosecutors said.

Six months later, the restaurant reached a settlement payment of $11,745 paid to
Nancy and Ronald Sevens, of Weymouth. The check was allegedly cashed using a
false Massachusetts Identity Card and false Social Security number.

The medical bills were not paid.

Lisa Redmond's e-mail address is lredmond@lowellsun.com .

LOAD-DATE: April 18, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             161 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 7, 2015 Saturday

Washington: Fraud Risk Management

LENGTH: 183  words

DATELINE: Washington


National Criminal Justice Reference Service, The Government of USA has issued
the following enforcement report:

Fraud Risk Management
February 10, 2015 - February 11, 2015
Sponsoring
Organization(s):  Association of Certified Fraud Examiners
City:  New Orleans
State/Territory:  Louisiana
Country:  USA
Event Site:  Hyatt Regency New Orleans
Classification:  Crime Prevention
Topic:  Crime Prevention
Audience/
Additional
Information:  This course will explain how organizations can integrate anti-
fraud initiatives into their risk management programs to:
- Develop a system of internal controls to address the entity's fraud risks
- Identify, assess and manage fraud risks from all sources
- Support fraud risk management initiatives by establishing an anti-fraud
culture and promoting fraud awareness throughout the organization
- Address and respond to any identified instances of fraud
Event URL:  http://www.acfe.com/events.aspx?id=4294984833
Event
Contact:
Name:  Register online
Phone:  800-245-3321

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             162 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                             April 25, 2011 Monday
                                 METRO EDITION

IN CYBER AGE, FORGERY STILL A COMMON FRAUD

BYLINE: DAN BROWNING; STAFF WRITER, STAR TRIBUNE (Mpls.-St. Paul)

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 1D

LENGTH: 549 words



HIGHLIGHT: A Federal Reserve survey indicates that fraudsters are diversifying
their methods, but security measures are holding them in check.


As the financial world increasingly goes digital, the old ways of thieving -- a
forged signature, a counterfeit check -- remain surprisingly common ways to
defraud merchants and financial institutions, a new survey says.

The Federal Reserve Bank of Minneapolis found that signature debits, which are
payments authorized by a cardholder's signature rather than a PIN number,
account for most of the fraud attempts and the highest dollar losses for
financial institutions in a survey of 206 organizations in the region.

Though check use continues to decline, check fraud also remains a significant
problem for banks and it still accounts for most of the fraud attempts and
biggest losses for retailers, manufacturers, nonprofits and other respondents,
the survey found.

Claudia Swendseid, a senior vice president at the Fed who chairs its financial
services council, said fraudsters appear to be diversifying their tactics, but
still rely heavily on tried and true methods, such as stealing credit cards,
checks or sensitive personal documents.

"I found it very interesting that the number one source of information used in
fraud schemes reported by our respondents involved something physical," she
said.

The second-highest source of information used in fraud schemes came from cyber
attacks.

The Fed's survey went to 2,900 organizations, but just 206 participated, mostly
smaller institutions, for a response rate of 7 percent. That's down from 12
percent the previous year, when the Fed sent out 1,495 surveys. The survey has
no statistical significance, she said, but it does offer rich anecdotal
evidence.

It gathered information about fraud and countermeasures in the Ninth Federal
Reserve District, which includes Minnesota, Montana, North Dakota, South Dakota,
the Upper Peninsula of Michigan and northwestern Wisconsin.

In March, federal prosecutors charged a dozen individuals in Minnesota,
California and New York with participating in a sophisticated international
fraud network that pilfered more than $10 million from some of the nation's top
financial institutions and passed a significant share of the bad checks at Twin
Cities businesses.

For the survey respondents, at least, losses to the various kinds of fraud
appear to be contained. More than 90 percent of the survey respondents who were
defrauded estimated their losses as 0.5 percent or less of their annual revenue.

Credit card fraud remains a significant problem, especially for merchants, the
survey found. Account takeovers leading to Automated Clearing House (ACH)
credits or wire transfer payments are reportedly a growth area for fraudsters,
but only 3 percent of the respondents cited it as a significant concern.

The Fed often talks with financial institutions about sophisticated software
that can detect unusual spending patterns indicative of fraud, Swendseid said.
Those are effective tools, she said, but a large number of financial
institutions and corporations continue to rely primarily on low-tech security
measures, such as human review of payment transactions or basic internal
controls.

"You constantly need to be advancing and strengthening the security
infrastructure because someone's always trying to hack and breach what you have
in place," Swendseid said. "The issue is always cost."

Dan Browning - 612-673-4493

LOAD-DATE: April 25, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2011 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved

                             163 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                          September 18, 2004 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Mortgage Fraud Concerns FBI;
Investigations Have Risen Sharply in Recent Years

BYLINE: Sandra Fleishman, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: Financial; E01

LENGTH: 431 words


Mortgage fraud has the potential to become a "national epidemic" that could
expose lenders to hundreds of millions of dollars in losses, an FBI official
said yesterday.

The number of FBI investigations into mortgage fraud has increased from 102 in
fiscal 2001 to 533 in the first three quarters of this year, Chris Swecker, FBI
assistant director for criminal investigations, said at a news conference. The
investigations involve schemes that target lenders, such as property flipping,
in which an individual buys the property at a low price, has it falsely
appraised at much more than it is worth and then sells it for the inflated
price. The lender or the government agency that insures the loan gets stuck if
the new buyer defaults.

If interest rates go up and an increasing number of such loans go into
foreclosure, losses will mount, Swecker said, according to a transcript. "There
is just so much of it out there, and there's so much volume, and the banks are
holding so many of these loans, that we just want to make sure we're working
with the industry to get in front of the problem."

In one mortgage case in North Carolina, the FBI said, charges were filed this
month against six people who were alleged to be involved in $130 million worth
of fraudulent loans.

Since August, the FBI has identified more than 245 subjects in 158
investigations of financial institution fraud nationwide and has acted against
205 people. The sweep involves 47 FBI field offices and has led to more than 151
charges in 37 states. In addition to mortgage fraud, the cases include charges
of insider fraud, check kiting, identity theft and check fraud. Swecker
estimated that potential losses to banks and other businesses could be more than
$3 billion.

The FBI said mortgage fraud is hitting hardest in several "hot spots," including
Florida, California, Nevada, Michigan, Missouri and Illinois. In addition to
property flipping, schemes involve doctored loan papers, faked identities and
credit histories, forged loan documents, mortgage foreclosure "rescue" scams and
the use of "straw buyers" to conceal the true buyer's name.

In the Washington area, at least 26 people, including real estate agents,
appraisers, speculators, loan officers and buyers, have been prosecuted for
mortgage fraud in the past three years, according to the office of the U.S.
attorney's office in the District, with about a dozen investigations still
pending. The loss to lenders and the federal government in those cases totals
"in the multiple millions of dollars," said Channing Phillips, a spokesman for
the office.

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2004 The Washington Post

                             164 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                                January 6, 2010

Pirate's Cove: The western havens;
Much of the cybercrime in North America appears to originate from within North
America

BYLINE: M. E. Kabay

LENGTH: 1264 words


This is the second in a set (see part 1) of four articles by Kathleen E. Hayman,
Michael Miora, CISSP-ISSMP, FBCI andAllen P. Forbes that examines the threat of
cybercrime in business-to-business activities. This part presents some top-level
findings and analyses about the environment or climate affecting the activities
of pirates and privateers in North America, Europe and the former Soviet Union.

* * * Misha Glenny states in McMafia: A Journey Through the Global Criminal
Underworld that three factors are essential to fostering growth of cybercrime in
a country. These are, "...steep levels of poverty and unemployment; a high
standard of basic education for a majority of the population; and a strong
presence of more traditional organized crime forms." (p 273) Glenny continues,
"Nobody fits the bill better than the so-called BRIC nations --Brazil, Russia,
India, and China. These are the leading countries among the emerging markets,
the second tier of global power after the G8 (though politically Russia
straddles the two)." All of these nations are attractive to corporations
attempting to diversify their markets to continue or enhance their corporate
competitiveness in the global market.

North America Much of the cybercrime in North America appears to originate from
within North America. According to the 2008 IC3 Annual Report, released in March
2009 by the Internet Fraud Complaint Center (IFCC), now called the Internet
Crime Complaint Center (IC3), Internet fraud in the U.S. has been increasing as
the global economy worsens. Most attacks on U.S. entities are based out of the
U.S. itself, Canada, the United Kingdom, Nigeria and China. In 2008, the most
common complaints the organization received were the non-delivery of promised
merchandise, auction fraud, credit card fraud and investment scams. Perhaps
non-delivery, auction fraud and investment scams require a slightly higher
degree of cultural savvy than other cybercrimes, though there is insufficient
evidence to draw solid conclusions.

The IC3 report over half of known Internet fraud perpetrators resided in
California, Florida, New York, Texas, District of Columbia or Washington. These
are, however, the most populous areas of the U.S. On a per capita basis, the
District of Columbia, Nevada, Washington, Montana, Florida and Delaware have the
most perpetrators of Internet fraud.

However, organized cyber-gangs based in Eastern Europe have also been
increasingly targeting small to midsized U.S. companies' financial holdings,
according to an alert released by the Financial Services and Information Sharing
and Analysis Center (FS-ISAC).

Since these attacks are on smaller, lesser-known companies, they do not receive
the degree of media attention as the larger-scale attacks have seen. Many of
these "cyber-gangs" use scamming, phishing and the more precise
"spear-phishing," a highly targeted phishing attack, in their methods.

Within the North American context, U.S. and Canadian cyber law enforcement
resources are gaining ground. Despite the controversy surrounding the creation
and appointment of a U.S. cyber security czar, the fact that such
experimentation with cybersecurity strategies is even occurring is heartening.
North America generally appears to have law enforcement entities generally
sympathetic to the cybersecurity needs of the private sector.

United Kingdom/Western Europe The United Kingdom is making great efforts to
focus law enforcement resources on cybercrime. In the summer of 2009, the U.K.'s
Association of Chief Police Officers (ACPO) published a strategy for combating
cybercrime, recommending centralization of cybercrime reporting to streamline
law enforcement efforts.

Additionally, the European Union has expressed interest in strengthening its
cyber law penalties and improving its enforcement capabilities. Among these
measures is the lengthening of prison sentences for cyber criminals to five
years. The European Commission also intends to review current cybercrime
legislation and revise it as appropriate; it also intends to create an EU-wide
notification system for cyber attacks and to collect attack data for future
analysis.

Law enforcement still has far to go to catch up with the cybersecurity threat.
However, these nations' serious planning and dialogue concerning cybercrime
suggests sympathy with the cybersecurity concerns of private business.

Russia/Eastern Europe Russia has a lengthy history of organized crime, the
precursor to organized cybercrime. Its criminal organizations were born in the
gulags during the 1920s and increased in stature and organizational capability
over time. Members were required to leave their families and to rely on the
organization for protection and support.

Russian cybercrime began primarily as software piracy. However, a 1994 hack of
Citibank that was traced to St. Petersburg prompted a stark increase in
Russia-based cybercrime. The hack allowed more than $10 million to be stolen via
the telephone system, with most of the money never being recovered.

During the course of the 1990s, Russian crackers were key players in developing
botnets and Internet worms, later used by organized crime organizations for
spamming and phishing. By 2000, these organizations had evolved into businesses,
such as CarderPlanet, which specialized in credit card numbers and other
personally identifiable information (PII). They created forums specifically for
communicating with other members of the cybercrime underworld, and behaved like
corporations in dedicating personnel to specific functions of handling personal
information.

There is even an official entity called the Russian Business Network (RBN),
which is based in St. Petersburg. The RBN provides Web hosting services that
cater exclusively to cybercriminals. According to Brian Krebs, writing in the
Washington Post, "The Russian Business Network sells Web site hosting to people
engaged in criminal activity, the security experts say. Groups operating through
the company's computers are thought to be responsible for about half of
...[2006's]... incidents of 'phishing'...."

* * * In the next installment, the authors discuss cyber pirates based in Asia.
In the meantime, they welcome the torrents of abusive e-mail that naturally
follow any mention of crime in specific geographic areas.

* * * ABOUT THE AUTHORS Kathleen Hayman is an analyst with the US Department of
Justice, and she has been a consultant with Certico Corporation for three years.
She can be reached at Kathleen.Hayman@gmail.com

Michael Miora has designed and assessed secure, survivable, highly robust
systems for Industry and Government over the past 30 years, and has become an
internationally recognized expert in InfoSec, Business Continuity and Incident
Response. Miora, one of the original professionals granted the CISSP in the
1990s and the ISSMP in 2004 was accepted as a Fellow of the Business Continuity
Institute (FBCI) in 2005. Miora founded and currently serves as president of
ContingenZ Corporation, a specialty consulting firm and the developers of IMCD
Business Backup. He can be reached via e-mail at mmiora@contingenz.com or
mmiora@miora.com

Allen Forbes is currently the president of Certico Corporation serving large
critical infrastructure providers in all matters concerning security. A 28-year
veteran in the U.S. Marine Corps and currently a member of the U.S. Marine Corps
Reserve, Forbes has served in a number of senior logistics, operations,
intelligence, and security positions in both the government and private
industry. He can be reached at aforbes@certicoglobal.com




LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                       Copyright 2010 Network World, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             165 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                                January 6, 2010

Pirate's Cove: The western havens;
Much of the cybercrime in North America appears to originate from within North
America

BYLINE: M. E. Kabay

LENGTH: 1264 words


This is the second in a set (see part 1) of four articles by Kathleen E. Hayman,
Michael Miora, CISSP-ISSMP, FBCI andAllen P. Forbes that examines the threat of
cybercrime in business-to-business activities. This part presents some top-level
findings and analyses about the environment or climate affecting the activities
of pirates and privateers in North America, Europe and the former Soviet Union.

* * * Misha Glenny states in McMafia: A Journey Through the Global Criminal
Underworld that three factors are essential to fostering growth of cybercrime in
a country. These are, "...steep levels of poverty and unemployment; a high
standard of basic education for a majority of the population; and a strong
presence of more traditional organized crime forms." (p 273) Glenny continues,
"Nobody fits the bill better than the so-called BRIC nations --Brazil, Russia,
India, and China. These are the leading countries among the emerging markets,
the second tier of global power after the G8 (though politically Russia
straddles the two)." All of these nations are attractive to corporations
attempting to diversify their markets to continue or enhance their corporate
competitiveness in the global market.

North America Much of the cybercrime in North America appears to originate from
within North America. According to the 2008 IC3 Annual Report, released in March
2009 by the Internet Fraud Complaint Center (IFCC), now called the Internet
Crime Complaint Center (IC3), Internet fraud in the U.S. has been increasing as
the global economy worsens. Most attacks on U.S. entities are based out of the
U.S. itself, Canada, the United Kingdom, Nigeria and China. In 2008, the most
common complaints the organization received were the non-delivery of promised
merchandise, auction fraud, credit card fraud and investment scams. Perhaps
non-delivery, auction fraud and investment scams require a slightly higher
degree of cultural savvy than other cybercrimes, though there is insufficient
evidence to draw solid conclusions.

The IC3 report over half of known Internet fraud perpetrators resided in
California, Florida, New York, Texas, District of Columbia or Washington. These
are, however, the most populous areas of the U.S. On a per capita basis, the
District of Columbia, Nevada, Washington, Montana, Florida and Delaware have the
most perpetrators of Internet fraud.

However, organized cyber-gangs based in Eastern Europe have also been
increasingly targeting small to midsized U.S. companies' financial holdings,
according to an alert released by the Financial Services and Information Sharing
and Analysis Center (FS-ISAC).

Since these attacks are on smaller, lesser-known companies, they do not receive
the degree of media attention as the larger-scale attacks have seen. Many of
these "cyber-gangs" use scamming, phishing and the more precise
"spear-phishing," a highly targeted phishing attack, in their methods.

Within the North American context, U.S. and Canadian cyber law enforcement
resources are gaining ground. Despite the controversy surrounding the creation
and appointment of a U.S. cyber security czar, the fact that such
experimentation with cybersecurity strategies is even occurring is heartening.
North America generally appears to have law enforcement entities generally
sympathetic to the cybersecurity needs of the private sector.

United Kingdom/Western Europe The United Kingdom is making great efforts to
focus law enforcement resources on cybercrime. In the summer of 2009, the U.K.'s
Association of Chief Police Officers (ACPO) published a strategy for combating
cybercrime, recommending centralization of cybercrime reporting to streamline
law enforcement efforts.

Additionally, the European Union has expressed interest in strengthening its
cyber law penalties and improving its enforcement capabilities. Among these
measures is the lengthening of prison sentences for cyber criminals to five
years. The European Commission also intends to review current cybercrime
legislation and revise it as appropriate; it also intends to create an EU-wide
notification system for cyber attacks and to collect attack data for future
analysis.

Law enforcement still has far to go to catch up with the cybersecurity threat.
However, these nations' serious planning and dialogue concerning cybercrime
suggests sympathy with the cybersecurity concerns of private business.

Russia/Eastern Europe Russia has a lengthy history of organized crime, the
precursor to organized cybercrime. Its criminal organizations were born in the
gulags during the 1920s and increased in stature and organizational capability
over time. Members were required to leave their families and to rely on the
organization for protection and support.

Russian cybercrime began primarily as software piracy. However, a 1994 hack of
Citibank that was traced to St. Petersburg prompted a stark increase in
Russia-based cybercrime. The hack allowed more than $10 million to be stolen via
the telephone system, with most of the money never being recovered.

During the course of the 1990s, Russian crackers were key players in developing
botnets and Internet worms, later used by organized crime organizations for
spamming and phishing. By 2000, these organizations had evolved into businesses,
such as CarderPlanet, which specialized in credit card numbers and other
personally identifiable information (PII). They created forums specifically for
communicating with other members of the cybercrime underworld, and behaved like
corporations in dedicating personnel to specific functions of handling personal
information.

There is even an official entity called the Russian Business Network (RBN),
which is based in St. Petersburg. The RBN provides Web hosting services that
cater exclusively to cybercriminals. According to Brian Krebs, writing in the
Washington Post, "The Russian Business Network sells Web site hosting to people
engaged in criminal activity, the security experts say. Groups operating through
the company's computers are thought to be responsible for about half of
...[2006's]... incidents of 'phishing'...."

* * * In the next installment, the authors discuss cyber pirates based in Asia.
In the meantime, they welcome the torrents of abusive e-mail that naturally
follow any mention of crime in specific geographic areas.

* * * ABOUT THE AUTHORS Kathleen Hayman is an analyst with the US Department of
Justice, and she has been a consultant with Certico Corporation for three years.
She can be reached at Kathleen.Hayman@gmail.com

Michael Miora has designed and assessed secure, survivable, highly robust
systems for Industry and Government over the past 30 years, and has become an
internationally recognized expert in InfoSec, Business Continuity and Incident
Response. Miora, one of the original professionals granted the CISSP in the
1990s and the ISSMP in 2004 was accepted as a Fellow of the Business Continuity
Institute (FBCI) in 2005. Miora founded and currently serves as president of
ContingenZ Corporation, a specialty consulting firm and the developers of IMCD
Business Backup. He can be reached via e-mail at mmiora@contingenz.com or
mmiora@miora.com

Allen Forbes is currently the president of Certico Corporation serving large
critical infrastructure providers in all matters concerning security. A 28-year
veteran in the U.S. Marine Corps and currently a member of the U.S. Marine Corps
Reserve, Forbes has served in a number of senior logistics, operations,
intelligence, and security positions in both the government and private
industry. He can be reached at aforbes@certicoglobal.com




LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                       Copyright 2010 Network World, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             166 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                           November 14, 2006 Tuesday

Criminalize mortgage fraud

BYLINE: Public Forum Letter

SECTION: OPINION; Public Forum

LENGTH: 171 words


I applaud state Rep. Paul Ray's efforts to criminalize mortgage fraud in Utah.
Georgia, which was No. 1 in mortgage fraud from 2002-2004, passed such a law in
2005 and immediately dropped to No. 3. Georgia's experience shows that strong
anti-fraud efforts can make a profound difference.

One of the factors contributing to Utah's mortgage fraud problems is the fact
that Utah does not publicly disclose real estate sales information. Less than 2
percent of states do not report, but these states represent 30 percent of the
top 10 states for fraud.

(The other states are: Iowa, Idaho, Kansas, Missouri, Mississippi, New Mexico,
Texas and Wyoming. Missouri and Texas are the other two states in the top 10.)

The lesson is clear: When lenders are unable to independently verify sales
prices, they are less able to detect inflated values - and fraud flourishes.

If Utah is serious about fighting this crime, which destroys lives and entire
communities, it would be well-advised to begin disclosing sales information.

Ann Fulmer

Atlanta, Ga.

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved

                             167 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 June 1, 1994, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

Phar-Mor Fraud Trial Starts

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section D;  Page 9;  Column 5;  Financial Desk

LENGTH: 289 words

DATELINE: CLEVELAND, May 31


Michael Monus, the entrepreneur who helped to build Phar-Mor Inc., went on trial
today in Federal court on charges that he plundered the discount drugstore
chain, duped investors and evaded taxes. More than 100 counts of fraud, money
laundering and tax evasion are involved.

Mr. Monus, whose forays into sidelines -- including minor-league basketball --
helped land him and the fast-growing chain in bankruptcy court, maintains he is
innocent. Phar-Mor, based in Youngstown, Ohio, once had more than 300 stores
across the country. It has closed about half and laid off thousands of employees
since seeking protection from creditors in August 1992.

Prosecutors say Mr. Monus directed a $1 billion fraud and embezzlement scheme.
Mr. Monus says that he knew nothing about such a scheme and that he was one of
the biggest losers in Phar-Mor's collapse.

Mr. Monus faces four counts of wire fraud, two counts each of bank fraud, mail
fraud and filing a false income tax return, one count of embezzlement and 118
counts of money laundering. He could be sentenced to life in prison and be fined
$38.25 million if convicted on all counts.

About 50 potential jurors answered questions. Several said they were familiar
with Phar-Mor and its parent company, Giant Eagle Inc., a Pittsburgh-based
grocery chain. While no potential juror said experiences with the stores would
prevent impartiality, several were excused after discussions with the judge. The
reasons were not made public. By the end of the day, none had been chosen and
selection was to resume Wednesday.

The trial of Mr. Monus begins 22 months to the day after Phar-Mor announced his
dismissal. The company filed for bankruptcy court protection a few weeks later.

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1994 The New York Times Company

                             168 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 20, 2016 Tuesday

North Carolina: \x93Doing What's Right" Campaign

LENGTH: 260  words

DATELINE: New York



 Raleigh: The City of Fayetteville, North Carolina has issued the following news
release:



 The City of Fayetteville is introducing the "Doing What's Right" campaign to
reduce the incidents of fraud, waste and abuse that affect the City of
Fayetteville. Residents and employees alike can make an anonymous report with a
third-party, independent company online at www.ReportLineWeb.com /FayettevilleNC
or by calling 1-877-339-4715.





 Fraud can from within via employees as well from outside sources. Examples of
City related fraud include:



     Theft of City property, such as inventory or supplies

     Using City property for personal use

     Payroll or timekeeping fraud

     Submitting invoices for fictitious or personal goods and services

     Taking cash paid for City services - such as parking, permits or fines

     Stealing a check the City issued to another payee

     Falsely reporting expenses for reimbursement

     Accepting a bribe, kickback or illegal gratuity

     Conflicts of interest

     Bid-fixing



 For cases of non-city related fraud, please contact your local law enforcement
agency. Examples of non-city related fraud include:



     Personal property theft

     Credit card fraud

     Welfare fraud

     Unemployment fraud

     Insurance fraud



 The City of Fayetteville's Office of Internal Audit is sponsoring the "Doing
What's Right" Campaign and the Fraud Hotline for City of Fayetteville employees,
vendors and citizens.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com





LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             169 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 20, 2016 Tuesday

North Carolina: \x93Doing What's Right" Campaign

LENGTH: 260  words

DATELINE: New York



 Raleigh: The City of Fayetteville, North Carolina has issued the following news
release:



 The City of Fayetteville is introducing the "Doing What's Right" campaign to
reduce the incidents of fraud, waste and abuse that affect the City of
Fayetteville. Residents and employees alike can make an anonymous report with a
third-party, independent company online at www.ReportLineWeb.com /FayettevilleNC
or by calling 1-877-339-4715.





 Fraud can from within via employees as well from outside sources. Examples of
City related fraud include:



     Theft of City property, such as inventory or supplies

     Using City property for personal use

     Payroll or timekeeping fraud

     Submitting invoices for fictitious or personal goods and services

     Taking cash paid for City services - such as parking, permits or fines

     Stealing a check the City issued to another payee

     Falsely reporting expenses for reimbursement

     Accepting a bribe, kickback or illegal gratuity

     Conflicts of interest

     Bid-fixing



 For cases of non-city related fraud, please contact your local law enforcement
agency. Examples of non-city related fraud include:



     Personal property theft

     Credit card fraud

     Welfare fraud

     Unemployment fraud

     Insurance fraud



 The City of Fayetteville's Office of Internal Audit is sponsoring the "Doing
What's Right" Campaign and the Fraud Hotline for City of Fayetteville employees,
vendors and citizens.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com





LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             170 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                American Banker

                            February 19, 2010 Friday

Mortgage Fraud Reports Rose

BYLINE: Cheyenne Hopkins

SECTION: MARKET MONITOR; Pg. 12 Vol. 175 No. F307

LENGTH: 198  words


Mortgage fraud continued to increase in financial institutions, according to
data released Thursday by the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network.

Fincen, an arm of Treasury Department, said that in the third quarter of 2009
depository institutions filed 15,697 suspicious activity reports related to
mortgage fraud, 7.5% more than in the comparable period a year earlier.

"In fighting mortgage related-fraud, it is particularly clear that our interests
are closely aligned," Fincen Director Jim Freis said at a Florida International
Bankers Association conference in Miami. "Banks want to avoid a credit loss on a
fraudulently obtained loan, and law enforcement wants to deter and hold
accountable those who seek to criminally abuse institutions and their
customers."

The data showed those SARs were more likely reports from older fraud activities
occurring during the financial crisis.

Of the mortgage fraud SARs, 75% were from activities older than a year and more
than half were from activities two years prior.

Reviews found that loan modifications have led to the discovery of this older
fraud.

Mortgage fraud SARs were most prominent in California, Florida, New York,
Illinois and Georgia.

URL: http://www.americanbanker.com/

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AB


                        Copyright 2010 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             171 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            April 15, 2015 Wednesday
                                 Met 2 Edition

Fla. doctor and Menendez friend is charged in Medicare fraud scheme

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A03

LENGTH: 608 words

florida

Menendez friend charged with fraud

The Florida doctor charged in a political corruption case along with Sen. Robert
Menendez (D-N.J.) was indicted Tuesday in a 76-count Medicare fraud scheme.

Miami U.S. Attorney Wifredo Ferrer said Salomon Melgen, 60, was charged with 46
counts of health-care fraud as well as additional charges of filing false claims
and making false statements. Melgen is an ophthalmologist with offices in Palm
Beach and St. Lucie counties.

The indictment charges that he operated the fraud scheme between 2004 and 2013,
a period during which Melgen billed Medicare for more than $190 million and was
paid more than $105 million. In 2012 alone, health officials say he billed
Medicare $21 million, more than any other doctor in the nation.

Melgen has pleaded not guilty in the New Jersey corruption case, in which he is
accused of funneling nearly $1 million in gifts and campaign donations to
Menendez in exchange for political favors. Menendez also has pleaded not guilty,
and he is not implicated in the Medicare fraud case.

Melgen's attorney, Annie Lyons, declined to comment Tuesday on the Medicare
fraud charges.

- Associated Press

OKLAHOMA

Volunteer deputy turns himself in

A 73-year-old Oklahoma volunteer sheriff's deputy who authorities said fatally
shot a man after confusing his stun gun and handgun was booked into the county
jail Tuesday on a manslaughter charge.

Robert Bates surrendered to the Tulsa County jail and was released after posting
$25,000 bond. Bates's lawyer, Clark Brewster, told reporters that his client
would not make a statement.

The Tulsa County Sheriff's Office said Bates, an insurance executive who was
volunteering on an undercover operation in Tulsa, accidentally shot Eric Harris,
44, on April 2. Tulsa County District Attorney Steve Kunzweiler charged Bates on
Monday with second-degree manslaughter, punishable by up to four years in
prison.

- Associated Press

MILITARY

Air Force grounds training aircraft

The Air Force has grounded hundreds of its training aircraft because of a
potential malfunction in the engines' oil line, the military confirmed Tuesday.

The grounding includes all of the Air Force's T-6A Texas II aircraft, which is a
turboprop, single-engine, two-seat aircraft used to train pilots in basic flying
skills. Inspections will be done on 445 aircraft at five bases, and it's unclear
how long the planes will be out of commission, said Capt. Jason Smith, a
spokesman for Joint Base San Antonio.

The grounding affects Vance Air Force Base in Oklahoma, Columbus Air Force Base
in Mississippi, and the Laughlin, Randolph and Sheppard bases in Texas. Smith
said there have been no accidents or injuries related to the potential
malfunction.

- Associated Press

Missouri executes man for 1998 killing: A Missouri inmate was executed Tuesday
evening for killing a man in a fit of rage over child support payments in 1998.
Andre Cole was put to death at the state prison in Bonne Terre after the U.S.
Supreme Court turned down several appeals, including one claiming he was
mentally ill. Gov. Jay Nixon (D) refused a clemency petition that raised
concerns about the fact that Cole, who was black, was convicted and sentenced by
an all-white jury.

Dartmouth bars 'Animal House' fraternity: A Dartmouth College fraternity that
partly inspired the 1978 movie "Animal House" has been "derecognized" by a
campus judicial committee after reports that some new members received brands on
their skin. The committee found Alpha Delta responsible for causing harm to
members and violating terms of a suspension for alcohol violations. The
fraternity has until Monday to appeal.

- From news services

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2015 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved

                             172 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                    October 31, 1998, Saturday, ALL EDITIONS

OBITUARIES;
Chuck Huff, investigator of major white-collar scams

BYLINE: Kay Powell

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg. 10D

LENGTH: 440 words


Chuck Huff, 51, formerly of Marietta, was an expert fraud investigator who
specialized in exposing white-collar crime, including one of America's biggest
insurance scams.

"He specialized in white-collar crime because it was a gentlemen's crime where
the public was punished and didn't even know it," said Marguerite Girard of
Stone Mountain, his former co-worker at the Georgia insurance commissioner's
office. "He always wanted to do the right thing."

Mr. Huff of Fairfax, Va., died of an apparent heart attack Wednesday at the
Rockville, Md., courthouse while working an investigation. The funeral will be
at 4 p.m. Monday at the First Baptist Church in Forest City, N.C. Padgett & King
Mortuary of Forest City is in charge of arrangements.

Mr. Huff, formerly the chief fraud examiner in the Georgia insurance
commissioner's office, in 1993 helped convict international financier Alan Teale
of Atlanta of bilking victims out of an estimated $ 100 million in worthless
insurance premiums.

Georgia Insurance Commissioner John Oxendine fired Mr. Huff in 1995 in one of
his first acts after taking office. Mr. Huff was within weeks of being vested in
the state's retirement program when Mr. Oxendine fired him and three other fraud
investigators.

In an interview after the firing, Mr. Huff said: "There are two schools of
thought on insurance fraud. You can make sure the insurance industry doesn't
steal from the consumer or you can . . .make sure people don't steal from the
insurance industry." "Chuck Huff was probably the best insurance department
fraud investigator in the country," said Roger Needham of New York City,
formerly a regulator in the Delaware Insurance Department who worked with Mr.
Huff on the Teale investigation.

Mr. Huff was an expert in fraud investigations, compliance with anti-fraud laws
and in developing programs to combat fraud, said John Murphy, founder of Murphy
& Maconachy Inc. of Fairfax, the investigative firm that Mr. Huff joined in
1995. "He was a very, very bright and facilitative individual and a very dogged
pursuer of facts. He was a quiet man who did more with his mind than his mouth."

While living in Marietta, Mr. Huff spent his time away from work with his
daughter, Jennifer McBrayer of Forest City, at the Powder Springs barn where she
stabled her horse or attending her performances with the Osborne High School
color guard.  "That's what he liked to do, just be with other people and just
see them happy," said his daughter.

Other survivors include his mother and stepfather, Jean V. and Samuel J. White
of Clifton, Ill., and a brother, Bill Huff of Germany.

LOAD-DATE: November 1, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Home

GRAPHIC: Photo :
 Chuck Huff was a widely respected insurance investigator in Georgia who
 helped break a huge fraud case, but he was fired by the state insurance
 commissioner over differing philosophies.

                    Copyright 1998 The Atlanta Constitution

                             173 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             India Investment News

                    September 12, 2013 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

FICO: One in Three North American Insurers Feels Inadequately Protected Against
Fraud, According to FICO Survey

LENGTH: 575  words


New Delhi, Sept. 12 -- FICO (NYSE: FICO), a leading predictive analytics and
decision management software company, today released the results of a survey of
U.S. and Canadian insurers showing that one in three insurers does not feel
adequately protected against fraud. The survey, which focused on insurance
claims fraud, revealed that insurers feel most vulnerable in the areas of
premium leakage and new applications, when policyholders often underestimate or
leave out such information as annual auto mileage that would have an adverse
effect on the cost of the policy.



In the survey, 35 percent of insurers estimated that insurance fraud costs
represent 5-10 percent of their total claims, while 31 percent said the cost is
as high as 20 percent. More than half (57 percent) of insurers expect to see an
increase in fraud losses this year on personal insurance lines - policies
designed to protect individuals and families - while only 5 percent of insurers
expect to see a decline in dollar fraud losses on personal lines. In the U.S.,
42 percent of insurers foresee the mid-Atlantic states (New York, Pennsylvania
and New Jersey) as being hardest hit by personal lines fraud. In Canada, 42
percent of insurers foresee Quebec as being hardest hit by personal lines fraud,
and 39 percent foresee Ontario as being hardest hit.

Respondents also said they expect the biggest fraud loss increases to hit
personal property, workers' compensation and auto insurance. In terms of fraud
by individual policyholders, 58 percent of insurers forecast an increase in
personal property fraud, 69 percent forecast an increase in workers'
compensation fraud, and 56 percent forecast a rise in personal auto fraud. The
majority of insurers (51 percent) attributed the increases in fraud to
inconsistent economic recovery in low-growth areas.

While only 11 percent of insurers blamed the expected growth in fraud on the
increasing sophistication of criminal rings, at the same time, 55 percent are
seeing a rise in workers' compensation fraud rings, and 61 percent are seeing a
rise in auto fraud rings. The survey also found that 63 percent of insurers
believe there is increased risk of fraud in no-fault states compared to states
with tort systems. No-fault insurance has come under fire in recent years due to
spiraling medical costs (40 percent more than in states with tort systems) and
rampant fraud.

"Conventional industry wisdom has held that fraud losses average around 10
percent of claims volume, but according to our survey the actual number is
significantly higher," said Russ Schreiber, vice president of the insurance and
healthcare practice at FICO. "Insurance claims fraud is big business-and it's
getting bigger. With more people resorting to fraudulent activities, and fraud
rings becoming more sophisticated, insurers must step up efforts to protect good
customers, uncover organized fraud and improve the effectiveness of specialized
investigative units."

When asked about how to fight the rise in fraud, the greatest cohort of
respondents (20 percent) cited predictive analytics. Insurers also included the
use of anti-fraud teams for specific books of business (17 percent), link
analysis for detecting fraud (8 percent), and business rules for stopping known
fraud types (7 percent) as useful fraud-fighting approaches.

The Insurance Fraud Survey included responses from 260 insurers throughout the
U.S. and Canada who were surveyed in July 2013.

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2013 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved

                             174 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                            June 26, 2013 Wednesday
                                  Main Edition

IN BRIEF

BYLINE: From wire reports

SECTION: A; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 460 words


INVESTMENT ADVISER PLEADS GUILTY TO FRAUD

NEW YORK - A Florida investment adviser pleaded guilty Tuesday in a $13 million
securities fraud scheme that prosecutors say capitalized on enthusiasm for
shares of Facebook and other Internet companies about to go public.

Craig L. Berkman, 71, of Odessa, Fla., entered the plea to securities fraud and
wire fraud in U.S. District Court in Manhattan, agreeing to serve between eight
and 10 years in prison, according to the terms of a written agreement between
Berkman and prosecutors. Otherwise, he would have faced up to 40 years in
prison.

Berkman, a one-time Oregon GOP gubernatorial candidate, admitted that he falsely
claimed to investors in December 2010 that he owned shares of Menlo Park,
Calif.-based Facebook Inc., Chicago-based Groupon Inc. and Mountain View,
Calif.-based LinkedIn Inc., among other companies.

Prosecutors say he pocketed much of the $13.2 million he received from more than
120 investors during the scheme, which stretched from 2010 until his March 2013
arrest.

CARNIVAL TURNS PROFIT IN 2Q, NAMES NEW CEO

NEW YORK - Passengers remain hesitant to book cruises, despite deep discounts.
But that didn't stop Carnival Corp. from eking out a $41 million second-quarter
profit thanks to lower fuel costs and the timing of some administrative
expenses.

The Miami-based company also announced Tuesday that Micky Arison, who has been
CEO since 1979 and is the son of Carnival co-founder Ted Arison, is being
replaced by Arnold W. Donald, who has served on the company's board for the past
12 years. Arison will continue to serve as chairman of the board.

The profit was nearly triple the $14 million the world's largest cruise company
earned during same period last year, a quarter in which it suffered from steep
losses on fuel prices bets known as derivatives.

Earnings totaled of 5 cents per share this quarter, up from 2 cents a share last
year at this time. Revenue fell 1.7 percent to $3.48 billion.

COURT UPHOLDS HEFTY FINE AGAINST SONG FILE-SHARER

BOSTON - A $675,000 verdict against a former Boston University student who
illegally downloaded and shared songs on the Internet has been upheld.

A jury ordered Providence, R.I., resident Joel Tenenbaum to pay $22,500 for each
of 30 songs after the Recording Industry Association of America sued him on
behalf of four record labels.

Tenenbaum argued the $675,000 award violates his due process rights because it's
not tied to the injury he caused. He estimates that to be no more than $450, or
the cost of 30 albums.

A federal appeals court Tuesday found Tenenbaum's conduct was "egregious"
because he illegally shared songs for years despite numerous warnings.

The U.S. Supreme Court last year declined to hear Tenenbaum's appeal.

TYPE: Briefs

LOAD-DATE: June 29, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2013 Spokane Spokesman-Review

                             175 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 11, 2014 Friday

Washington: HSI Buffalo establishes new task force to fight document and benefit
fraud

LENGTH: 579  words

DATELINE: Washington


U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement's (ICE) Homeland Security
Investigations (HSI) Buffalo announced Wednesday the formation of the agency's
newest Document and Benefit Fraud Task Force.

"The fraudulent use of identification documents, both real and counterfeit may
allow the bearer to board an aircraft, improperly obtain a government benefit or
allow a criminal to remain in the shadows undetected. These crimes represent a
very real threat to our public safety and the security of our nation," said
James Spero, special agent in charge for HSI Buffalo. "Through the combined
authorities and expertise of the agencies that partner on the task force, this
task force establishes a unified effort to minimize these threats to this
nation."

Document fraud is the manufacturing, sale, or use of counterfeit identity
documents such as fake driver's licenses, birth certificates, Social Security
Cards or passports for immigration fraud or other criminal activity. Document
fraud also involves efforts to obtain genuine identity documents through
fraudulent means and often supports the crime of benefit fraud.

Benefit fraud is the misrepresentation or omission of material fact on an
application to obtain an immigration benefit one is not entitled to, such as
U.S. citizenship, political asylum or a valid visa. Because these benefits
provide the ability to freely enter, work or reside in the United States, they
are highly valued by illegal aliens, terrorists and other criminals.

Using false and fraudulent documents to obtain government benefits is a threat
to national security and undermines the integrity and fairness of all government
programs, and the U.S. immigration system. The coordinated interagency efforts
of these task forces will help prevent future abuses while enabling the
identification of criminals who utilize and manufacture false documentation.

"ICE HSI Buffalo is to be commended for bringing together law enforcement
officers from all levels of government to investigate these serious issues for
our country," said U.S. Attorney William Hochul. "Those who produce false
documents and identities in order to obtain government benefits not only harm
taxpayers, they pose a clear and present danger for our nation's security.
Criminals should be assured that this Office will work closely with the Task
Force in order ensure that the laws regarding illegal documents and benefit
application are vigorously enforced."

Led by HSI, the task forces were created in April 2006, to target, seize illicit
proceeds of, and dismantle the criminal organizations that threaten national
security and public safety and address the vulnerabilities that currently exist
in the immigration process. Through the task force, HSI partners with
approximately 70 different Federal, State and local law enforcement entities
across the nation.

With the addition of the Buffalo task force, there are now a total of 20
taskforces across the country: Atlanta, Baltimore, Boston, Chicago, Dallas,
Denver, Detroit, Houston, Los Angeles, Miami, New York, Newark, Orlando,
Philadelphia, Saint Paul, Minn., Salt Lake City, San Francisco, San Juan, Puerto
Rico, and Washington/Northern Virginia.

From April 2006 to Dec. 31, 2013, the task forces have made 5,097 criminal
arrests and seized more than $46.5 million in cash and assets.

For more information please visit: http://www.ice.gov

LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             176 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 10, 2014 Thursday

Washington: HSI Buffalo establishes new task force to fight document and benefit
fraud

LENGTH: 579  words

DATELINE: Washington


U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement's (ICE) Homeland Security
Investigations (HSI) Buffalo announced Wednesday the formation of the agency's
newest Document and Benefit Fraud Task Force.

"The fraudulent use of identification documents, both real and counterfeit may
allow the bearer to board an aircraft, improperly obtain a government benefit or
allow a criminal to remain in the shadows undetected. These crimes represent a
very real threat to our public safety and the security of our nation," said
James Spero, special agent in charge for HSI Buffalo. "Through the combined
authorities and expertise of the agencies that partner on the task force, this
task force establishes a unified effort to minimize these threats to this
nation."

Document fraud is the manufacturing, sale, or use of counterfeit identity
documents such as fake driver's licenses, birth certificates, Social Security
Cards or passports for immigration fraud or other criminal activity. Document
fraud also involves efforts to obtain genuine identity documents through
fraudulent means and often supports the crime of benefit fraud.

Benefit fraud is the misrepresentation or omission of material fact on an
application to obtain an immigration benefit one is not entitled to, such as
U.S. citizenship, political asylum or a valid visa. Because these benefits
provide the ability to freely enter, work or reside in the United States, they
are highly valued by illegal aliens, terrorists and other criminals.

Using false and fraudulent documents to obtain government benefits is a threat
to national security and undermines the integrity and fairness of all government
programs, and the U.S. immigration system. The coordinated interagency efforts
of these task forces will help prevent future abuses while enabling the
identification of criminals who utilize and manufacture false documentation.

"ICE HSI Buffalo is to be commended for bringing together law enforcement
officers from all levels of government to investigate these serious issues for
our country," said U.S. Attorney William Hochul. "Those who produce false
documents and identities in order to obtain government benefits not only harm
taxpayers, they pose a clear and present danger for our nation's security.
Criminals should be assured that this Office will work closely with the Task
Force in order ensure that the laws regarding illegal documents and benefit
application are vigorously enforced."

Led by HSI, the task forces were created in April 2006, to target, seize illicit
proceeds of, and dismantle the criminal organizations that threaten national
security and public safety and address the vulnerabilities that currently exist
in the immigration process. Through the task force, HSI partners with
approximately 70 different Federal, State and local law enforcement entities
across the nation.

With the addition of the Buffalo task force, there are now a total of 20
taskforces across the country: Atlanta, Baltimore, Boston, Chicago, Dallas,
Denver, Detroit, Houston, Los Angeles, Miami, New York, Newark, Orlando,
Philadelphia, Saint Paul, Minn., Salt Lake City, San Francisco, San Juan, Puerto
Rico, and Washington/Northern Virginia.

From April 2006 to Dec. 31, 2013, the task forces have made 5,097 criminal
arrests and seized more than $46.5 million in cash and assets.

For more information please visit: http://www.ice.gov

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             177 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


            Colorado Springs Business Journal (Colorado Springs, CO)

                                 March 17, 2009

Colorado ranks 10th in nation for mortgage fraud

BYLINE: Rob Larimer

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 247  words


Colorado had the 10th-highest level of residential mortgage fraud during 2008,
according to the Mortgage Bankers Association.

The No. 10 spot is up from the state's 2007 ranking of No. 17. The state was No.
8 on the list during 2006, No. 6 in 2005 and No. 3 in 2004.

Rhode Island was No. 1 on the 2008 list, followed by Florida, Illinois, Georgia,
Maryland, New York, Michigan, California and Missouri.

Colorado Bankers Association President Don Childears isn't surprised by the
news, because he said better fraud investigation and enforcement could have lead
to the higher ranking.

"We've been very aggressive about fraud," Childears said. "This became our No. 1
priority five of six years ago, so it could be that we're just catching more
people than other states. "

He said that about four years ago legislation was passed that gave law
enforcement more access to Colorado Bureau of Investigation expertise on
complicated financial fraud.

The MBA report said fraud incidence is at an all-time high and is comprised of
"continuing application misrepresentations and multiple verification-oriented
issues and technological advancements. "

"Fraud morphs continually. " Childears said. "Once we figure out one scheme,
they come up with another one. "

He also said that what happens in Colorado's mortgage market is typically a year
or two ahead of the rest of the country.

"It may be that this is a precursor to what other states are going to begin
seeing in the next few years," he said.

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Financing

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved

                             178 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Patriot Ledger (Quincy, MA)

                           September 23, 2011 Friday
                                  ROP Edition

BUSINESS IN BRIEF

BYLINE:

Patriot Ledger staff

SECTION: Business; pg. 12

LENGTH: 482 words


Pair charged with mortgage fraud

BOSTON - A Dorchester man and a New York City woman were charged in federal
court in Boston in connection with their alleged use of stolen identification to
commit mortgage fraud. Peterson Cherimond and Judy Bonas face charges of wire
fraud and identity fraud. Cherimond also faces charges of aggravated identity
theft and money laundering. Federal prosecutors allege that in 2006 the
defendants used the stolen identification of a woman living in Boston to obtain
mortgage loans totaling more than $1.5 million for three properties in Brockton,
Mattapan and Halifax.

Casual Male expands its Big-and-Tall chain

CANTON - Casual Male Retail Group Inc. has opened another one of its Big and
Tall DestinationXL superstores - this time, in Westport, Conn. - as part of an
effort to open a dozen DXL stores this year. These stores offer more than 2,000
styles under one roof, with clothes from Canton-based Casual Male's four
existing apparel businesses. The selection is intended to appeal to a variety of
socioeconomic groups in the men's big-and-tall market. Casual Male has eight
other DXL locations, and plans to open 100 DXL stores over a five year period.

Blockbuster store just 1 week from closing

WEYMOUTH - One of the area's last Blockbuster stores, the one on Route 18 in
South Weymouth, is shutting its doors at the end of the month. The store's
franchisee-owner is holding a going-out-of-business sale.

2nd Boston location for steakhouse chain

BOSTON - Smith & Wollensky Restaurant Group is opening its second restaurant in
Boston, at Atlantic Wharf on the Fort Point Channel. This is the ninth
restaurant for the Boston-based steakhouse chain, which will employ about 100
people at the new Boston location. The new restaurant will have room to seat up
to 280 diners, and an outdoor patio with a full-service bar has room for 125.

Hearing will assess Mass. fishing industry

BOSTON - U.S. Sen. John Kerry plans to hold a field hearing of the U.S. Senate's
commerce, science and transportation committee in Boston on Oct. 3 to review the
state of the Massachusetts fishing industry. The people who will be asked to
testify include Jane Lubchenco, the administrator of the National Oceanic and
Atmospheric Administration. The hearing will examine the first year of the New
England fishing industry's new management system - including its social and
economic impacts - and will discuss ways to improve the system.

Ruling concerning investment firm upheld

BOSTON - The state Supreme Judicial Court sided with a Superior Court judgment
that Secretary of State William Galvin did not violate the First Amendment
rights of Bulldog Investors when Galvin's securities division found that Bulldog
violated state law. Galvin's staff accused the investment firm and its owners of
offering unregistered securities for sale to the public. They were ordered to
pay a $25,000 fine.

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2011 The Patriot Ledger

                             179 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Insurance Networking News

                                 February 2011

Who's Buying What;
Recent deals for technology software and services

BYLINE: Editorial Staff

SECTION: WHO'S BUYING WHAT; Pg. 35 Vol. 14 No. 2

LENGTH: 1863  words


Royal Neighbors of America Picks StoneRiver

Royal Neighbors of America, a Rock Island, Ill.-based non-profit fraternal
organization, will use Oakland, Calif.-based StoneRiver's Life Portraits ES
e-Application and LifeSuite automated underwriting solutions to improve the
efficiencies and speed of new business processing, the companies report. The
solution is described as moving information from point A to point B without
interruption, error or human intervention, eliminating cost in time and
business.

StoneRiver says that prior to this project, Royal Neighbor's underwriting had
been a labor-intensive process, and an automated underwriting system with a
rules engine was needed to improve the underwriting and new business processes.
LifeSuite enables Royal Neighbors to build rules over time.

StoneRiver says it implemented the LPES e-Application module to match Royal
Neighbors' applications, which ensures a high level of agent adoption, speeds
application data gathering and submission, and delivers In Good Order
applications via ACORD Data Standards.

Everest National to Use ClaimCenter

New York-based Everest National Insurance Co. will use Guidewire ClaimCenter as
its claims management solution for its commercial lines' claims, says San Mateo,
Calif.-based Guidewire Software.

HCL Technologies teamed with Everest National and Guidewire Professional
Services to deliver this project, with 13,000 claims converted during the course
of the project, according to Guidewire.

Everest National selected ClaimCenter for its functionality and configuration
ease, enabling rapid system changes by Everest National staff, which has
deployed four additional post-production releases since initially going live
with ClaimCenter, says Guidewire.

Guidewire also says ClaimCenter enables Everest National to be more responsive
to its business users by enabling them to capture more and better data; and
provide better operational reports and on-line management tools.

Hyundai Marine & Fire Taps SAS to Detect Fraud

Hyundai Marine & Fire Insurance Co. Ltd., Korea, will deploy a new fraud
detection system that has been built with software from SAS, a Cary, N.C.-based
provider of business analytics software and services.

Hyundai M&F established a strong foundation for preventing costly fraud by
implementing a fraud detection system developed by SAS that not only prevents
claims fraud but will help enhance customer satisfaction and improve premium
payment processing, thereby protecting its most profitable customers.

Hyundai M&F's SAS fraud detection system combines business rules based on the
experience and knowledge of its investigators with model rules generated from
data extracted from various IT systems using SAS advanced statistical
techniques. The models are applied to insurance claims, delivering results to
claims investigators in real time. The system also monitors the performance of
these rules, enabling the company to quickly modify existing rules or generate
new ones. The predictive models enhance the process of fraud detection so
Hyundai M&F can detect insurance fraud not just after it occurs, but prevent a
fraudulent claim from being paid.

"With SAS providing the foundation for advanced insurance fraud management, we
can maintain consistent and transparent criteria for investigation, automate the
scoring system, and respond swiftly and flexibly to investigations and
operations of the organization," says Cheol-woo Lee, the Hyundai M&F Claim
Investigation Department team leader who oversaw the project. "In particular,
this will improve the efficiency of investigation personnel who collect and
analyze evidence data for suspected insurance fraud, preventing payment of
unjustified claims, while protecting honest policyholders from insurance fraud."

The project has been carried out in three areas: a fraud pre-detection system to
help investigators judge the possibility of fraudulent activities using
statistics-based model rules and business rules; a fraud post-detection system
to detect afterward the characteristics of certain groups not detected with the
pre-judgment model; and a risk mart to generate data for prejudgment and
post-judgment models.

Shelter Insurance Selects CSC Billing Systems

CSC licensed its Exceed Billing software to Shelter Mutual Insurance Co.,
Columbia, Mo., to boost the cost-effectiveness of its billing services to
insurance customers in more than 12 Midwestern and Southern states.

Under the 11-year agreement, Shelter Insurance will implement Exceed Billing,
Exceed Disbursements and Exceed Financial Integrator for all lines of business,
including life insurance, and personal and commercial P&C insurance, according
to CSC.

CSC says that Shelter Insurance chose Exceed Billing to replace an existing P&C
legacy system, and will integrate it with multiple policy administration
systems, including CSC's CyberLife software for life insurance administration.

Built on an open, service-oriented architecture, Exceed Billing is described as
a scalable, automated, real-time billing system that processes all bill types
and lines of business and can interface with any policy administration system
regardless of platform.

Farmers Chooses MSB for Claims Initiative

Farmers Insurance, a Los Angeles-based personal lines P&C insurer, has chosen
Marshall & Swift/Boeckh (MSB), a TPG Capital Company company, to provide cost
information for estimating property claims. The implementation will commence
immediately, pioneered by Farmers Specialty, Farmers' auxiliary products
subsidiary, according to MSB, which adds that rollout plans include immediate
deployment benefiting all of Farmers Specialty's core clients.

MSB is uniquely qualified to service Farmers because of sophisticated data
collection and validation processes, says Jonathon Kost, MSB's claims SVP. "MSB
serves all of the markets requiring cost information in both the public and
private sectors, with tens of thousands of users in all sectors managing partial
loss estimates nationwide," he says.

EMC Selects IVANS' Real-Time Solution

Stamford, Conn.-based IVANS Inc. announced that it is helping Des Moines,
Iowa-based EMC Insurance Cos. increase market share and respond to customers
faster by implementing a real-time Web service leveraging IVANS' Real-Time
solution, Transformation Station. Once an agent updates his credentials via
EMC's website, the data is immediately synchronized with IVANS Transformation
Station, so the agent no longer has to re-enter his user ID and password in his
agency management system, according to IVANS.

The product was designed to enable the agent to have an accurate and secure,
single sign-on to the agency-company interface and EMC's website, and faster
access to the agent's policy data, resulting in agents quoting EMC more
frequently. Real-time Web services allow agents to sign on once to EMC's website
and gain access to multiple applications without being prompted to log-in again.

IVANS says its systems specialists worked with EMC to launch a pilot with select
agents to test the password synchronization.

"User feedback had proven that agents dislike having to enter policy data or
password credentials more than once," says Rick Gass, senior VP of productivity
technology of EMC. "With IVANS Transformation Station, agents have the ability
to access and respond to customer information in real-time without having to
re-key policy data."

Pacific Life Selects Insurance Technologies

Newport Beach, Calif.-based Pacific Life Insurance Co.'s Retirement Solutions
Division has selected Colorado Springs, Colo.-based Insurance Technologies LLC's
ForeSight to support its annuity sales and allow the provision of comprehensive
annuity illustration capabilities to their distribution channels. Insurance
Technologies is a provider of illustration and point-of-sale software for the
financial services and brokerage industries.

Pacific Life conducted a thorough vendor software evaluation, and selected
ForeSight to support its 2010-2011 annuity product expansion strategy, says
Insurance Technologies. ForeSight is described as one of the most widely used
point-of-sale products in the insurance marketplace, offering an intuitive user
interface, comprehensive sales strategies, and the ability to illustrate a wide
array of product types and riders.

Insurance Technologies says that ForeSight supports product cloning and inforce
re-proposals, all on a superior technology platform, and says Pacific Life will
be releasing new fixed and SPIA products on the ForeSight platform.

"This illustration platform will be fully integrated into our website and create
a quality user experience for the adviser community," says Christine Tucker, VP,
marketing.

Twelve Capital to Use AIR's Cat Modeling Systems

Twelve Capital, a Zurich-based independent investment manager focusing on
insurance-related investment opportunities, has selected Boston-based AIR
Worldwide's CATRADER, an application for analyzing catastrophe reinsurance and
insurance-linked securities. Twelve Capital will use CATRADER and ALERT, AIR's
online real-time loss estimation service, to assess and manage the risks
associated with its portfolio of catastrophe bonds and other insurance-linked
securities, AIR says.

"We selected CATRADER because it is the most flexible catastrophe bond analysis
tool, and it provides full transparency when analyzing positions in our
portfolio," says Sandro Kriesch, partner of Twelve Capital. "CATRADER also
allows us to better understand the impact of potential new investments on our
portfolios, which contain other catastrophe-exposed components such as
traditional reinsurance contracts."

"The [reporting tools] seamlessly combines the information from the catastrophe
bond offering circular with loss data from CATRADER, to provide us with a
detailed snapshot of our portfolio of catastrophe bonds," says Kriesch. "We
combine this information with our proprietary system, CatEye, which allows for
efficient aggregation, detailed price history, and reporting of our and third
party portfolios."

Texas Mutual Signs eBill Deal With Jopari

Texas Mutual Insurance Co., an Austin-based workers' compensation insurer, has
signed a new multi-year eBill Processing agreement with Jopari Solutions,
Concord, Calif.

According to Texas Mutual, eBill penetration continues to rise and related
automated processing has lowered the turn-around time for payments by 33%.

"From the outset, Texas Mutual's compliance with eBill regulations has been
critically important in terms of reinforcing our market leadership and
establishing an operationally efficient model under the industry's first eBill
regulatory framework," says Kim Haugaard, Texas Mutual VP, Network & Medical
Operations.

Pursuant to renewal of the agreement, Texas Mutual and Jopari also will focus on
the impact changing HIPAA standards will have on workers' compensation medical
treatment, handling protected health information under new business associate
conditions, and assimilation of ASC X12 version 5010 transaction sets.

Texas Mutual selected Jopari in 2007 in response to the Texas Department of
Insurance implementation of workers' compensation electronic medical bill
requirements.

URL: http://www.insurancenetworking.com/

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: INN


                        Copyright 2011 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             180 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                             May 25, 2006 Thursday
                                  Main Edition

Escape artist charged with fraud gets 20-year jail term

BYLINE: BILL TORPY

SECTION: METRO NEWS; Pg. 7D

LENGTH: 216 words


Wayne Sherrod Milton of Stone Mountain was sentenced to 20 years in prison
Wednesday on charges of escape from federal prison, conspiracy to commit
mortgage fraud, grant fraud and aggravated assault on a deputy U.S. marshal.

Federal prosecutors say Milton sneaked out of a low-security prison camp in
Atlanta more than 50 times during 2003 and 2004 to engage in $20 million of
attempted mortgage fraud.

Milton, 32, was originally sentenced to two years, nine months in 2002 for a
wide-ranging mortgage fraud conspiracy in DeKalb County.

While in the prison camp, he repeatedly left the premises, setting up an office
on Peachtree Street and founding several shell corporations.

Milton fraudulently obtained other people's identities to qualify for several
mortgage loans.

At the same time, prosecutors say Milton, posing as Dr. W. Sherrod Milton, a
preacher with a doctor of divinity, started The Apex Group LLC. The firm,
according to the paperwork he had drawn up, had helped issue hundreds of
millions of dollars of grants to churches.

According to prosecutors, Milton approached churches in Alabama, North Carolina,
South Carolina, Connecticut and Illinois promising to deliver grant funding in
exchange for "administrative fees."

In the end, he collected more than $300,000 in such fees from churches.

LOAD-DATE: May 25, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2006 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                             181 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 Ottawa Citizen

                      July 10, 2004 Saturday Final Edition

Case against Rigas son ends in mistrial: Jury couldn't reach consensus on 17
counts

SOURCE: The Associated Press

BYLINE: Erin McClam

SECTION: Business; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 534 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK

NEW YORK - The fraud case against former Adelphia Communications Corp.
operations chief Michael Rigas ended in a mistrial yesterday, with the jury
deadlocked on 17 counts against him.

Jurors were dismissed after telling a federal judge they could not reach a
consensus on 15 counts of securities fraud and two counts of bank fraud. Mr.
Rigas was acquitted of conspiracy and wire fraud charges a day earlier.

"There's no one who questions for a moment that you tried," U.S. District Judge
Leonard Sand told the jury. "Of course we're all disappointed that you have not
been able to reach a unanimous verdict as to Michael Rigas."

The mistrial came a day after Mr. Rigas' father, 79-year-old Adelphia founder
John Rigas, and Michael's brother, former chief financial officer Timothy Rigas,
were convicted of conspiracy, bank fraud and securities fraud. A fourth
defendant, Michael Mulcahey, the cable company's former assistant treasurer, was
acquitted Thursday of all charges.

Judge Sand said a retrial for Michael Rigas could happen as early as fall. U.S.
Attorney David Kelley said outside court that prosecutors would "adhere to the
court's schedule" -- an apparent indication the government plans to retry the
case.

Michael Rigas did not address reporters as he left the courthouse. His lawyer,
Andrew Levander, said: "It's a very good result for us. Unfortunately, the
government may retry the case."

Adelphia, then based in tiny Coudersport, Pennsylvania, collapsed into
bankruptcy in 2002 after the company disclosed $2.3 billion U.S. in
off-balance-sheet debt. It now operates under bankruptcy protection in Greenwood
Village, Colorado.

At the trial, Michael Rigas' lawyer tried to portray him as distant from the
financial decisions of the company and without much of a taste for personal
luxury.

The description stood in contrast to testimony about John Rigas, who was
described by one witness as so willing to take cash from the company that
Timothy Rigas had to limit his withdrawals to $1 million per month.

Most jurors left the courthouse together and did not take questions from
reporters.

Elizabeth Carballo, who sat for months as a juror and was taken off the case
when she broke her ankle about the time of closing arguments, watched from the
audience as the jury was dismissed.

She said she was not certain whether she would have convicted the four
defendants. Asked whether she felt sorry for the Rigases, she said: "I'm a human
person. I feel bad when things happen to people."

The panel had been sitting for more than four months. The trial included a
blizzard of paper evidence, including documents reflecting complex loan
arrangements and cable-subscriber statistics.

The judge discharged jurors after a lengthy speech in which he thanked them for
sitting patiently and attentively through the trial.

"This is not a simple case of, 'Did A hit B?' or 'Who was responsible for the
automobile accident?'" Judge Sand said. "It involved many issues and concepts
that you don't encounter in your daily life."

Prosecutors had already notched two major victories by winning convictions
against John Rigas, who founded the company in 1952, and Timothy Rigas.

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Colour Photo: Louis Lanzano, The Associated Press; Michael Rigas leaves
Manhattan federal court after a mistrial was declared.

TYPE: Business; Crime

               Copyright 2004 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             182 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                              May 23, 1994, Monday

PUBLIC ATTITUDE HAMPERS INDUSTRY'S FIGHT AGAINST FRAUD

BYLINE: LORRAINE IANNELLO; Special to The Journal of Commerce

SECTION: SPECIALS, Pg. 7A

LENGTH: 858 words


Fighting insurance fraud means fighting business owners and office clerks, the
elderlyand the young, school teachers, doctors, lawyers and otherwise law-
abiding, civic-minded citizens who think it's OK to cheat insurance companies.

The biggest battle is against "society's attitude," said William Schroeder, vice
president of claims for the Alliance of American Insurers in Schaumburg, ll.

About one American in five believes it is all right to pad an insurance claim,
according to a survey of more than 2,000 people funded by the Insurance Research
Council, an industry-supported group.

"The same person who gives a supermarket cashier $ 5, gets change for a $ 20 and
says, 'Hey, you've given me too much change,' doesn't think twice about padding
a claim to cover a deductible," Mr. Schroeder said. "That's the opportunistic
fraud."

In addition, there are those who make a career out of filing false claims -
"doctors who overbill or keep a patient coming back because they know they've
got insurance, or a fraud ring that stages car accidents," Mr. Schroeder said.
"Those people have a criminal mentality."

To catch fraudulent claims, the Alliance, other industry groups and insurance
companies are working to strengthen state laws, increase prosecution, develop
state fraud-data bureaus and invite broad reporting of suspected fraud.

A major portion of the campaign seeks passage of state insurance anti- fraud
laws. The proposed laws, aimed at catching fraud committed ''against" insurers,
differ from a federal crime package that includes stiff penalties against fraud
committed "by" insurers.

The key portion of proposed state reforms would provide immunity from civil or
criminal prosecution to any insurer or individual who reports suspected fraud.
The measures would also establish new penalties for fraud and allow insurers to
seek restitution.

Such bills have been introduced in 21 of 43 states that did not have adequate
statutes, Mr. Schroeder said.

The Alliance also expects consideration of the act this year in the District of
Columbia, Michigan, Maine, Minnesota, Nebraska, Tennessee, Texas and Wisconsin.
Renewed battles are expected in Washington state, Delaware, Oklahoma and other
states where the measure has failed.

Contributing to defeat in some states have been campaigns by trial attorneys
calling for provisions that would require insurers to give notice to
policyholders whose claims are under scrutiny, Mr. Schroeder said.

Among those who question the need for state laws such as those proposed by the
Alliance is Kathleen O'Reilly, policy director at the National Insurance
Consumer Organization in Alexandria, Va. She said laws already exist to combat
fraud.

Major questions raised by the reform drive, said Ms. O'Reilly, include the
standards that would be used to protect policyholders from erroneously being
labeled suspicious and entered into a national computer registry.

Insurers say they need stronger laws because while high-profile fraud cases
involving millions of dollars may get attention, more often, prosecutors are
overwhelmed with violent crime, making crimes against insurers a low priority.

To get their cases heard, insurers are helping local and federal prosecutors in
sting operations.

For example, in Los Angeles, an 18-month investigation included the arrests of
two doctors, two chiropractors and a law office administrator in November 1993.
A lawyer and others arrested earlier brought the total to 18 arrests and one
warrant.

The arrests represented the work of the Combined Medical Insurance Fraud
Investigative Unit, which includes the Los Angeles Police Department, the state
medical board, insurers, and the L.A. County district attorney's office.

Authorities said those arrested defrauded insurance companies by submitting
multiple claims using aliases as well as names of fictitious passengers. Allen
Lublin, the ringleader who used 19 aliases during 20 years of staging vehicle
accidents, is serving five years in federal prison.

Insurers hit by the ring included Chubb Insurance Co., Allstate Insurance Co.,
State Farm Insurance Co., 20th Century Insurance Co. and Liberty Mutual
Insurance Co.

"Finally, some of the authorities are taking it seriously," said Jon Berglund,
director of claims at Federated Insurance Cos. in Owatonna, Minn.

The cost of fraud is difficult to measure, according to the alliance. Insurers
say they can not determine if savings from increased fraud detection would be
passed on to policyholders in lower premiums.

Conservative estimates place the annual cost of insurance fraud at $ 20 billion,
or 10 percent of all property/casualty losses in 1992, according to the National
Insurance Crime Bureau, an industry-funded organization.

Officials in Maryland say fraud costs each resident $ 270 a year. Others have
said that 15 cents of every dollar in insurance premiums goes to pay phony
claims.

"In a lot of ways, the insurance industry has become an extension of the welfare
system," Mr. Schroeder said. "There's a sense of entitlement. They think, 'I'm
entitled to this. I paid my premium.' "

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

EDITOR-NOTE: Journal of Commerce Special Report: PROPERTY / CASUALTY INSURANCE,
pp.

                  Copyright 1994 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.

                             183 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

                            December 18, 2011 Sunday
                                TWO STAR EDITION

VOTER FRAUD IS REAL;
AND VOTER ID LAWS ARE REALLY NEEDED; THEY ARE NOT RACIST

BYLINE: JACK KELLY

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. B-3

LENGTH: 728 words


The state chairman of Indiana's Democratic Party resigned Monday as a probe of
election fraud in the 2008 Democratic presidential primary widened.

State law requires a presidential candidate to gather 500 valid signatures in
each county to qualify for the ballot. Barack Obama may not have met it.
Investigators think 150 of the 534 signatures the Obama campaign turned in for
St. Joseph County may have been forged.

Yet Democrats say that measures to guard against vote fraud are racist
Republican plots to disenfranchise minority voters.

Republicans "want to literally drag us back to Jim Crow laws," said Rep. Debbie
Wasserman-Schultz, D-Fla, chair of the Democratic National Committee.

The NAACP has asked the United Nations to intervene to block state voter ID
laws. It may have an ulterior motive for opposing ballot security measures. An
NAACP official was convicted on 10 counts of absentee voter fraud in Tunica
County, Miss., in July.

Former Democratic Rep. Artur Davis, who is black, said vote fraud is rampant in
African-American districts like his in Alabama.

"The most aggressive contemporary voter suppression in the African-American
community is the wholesale manufacture of ballots at the polls and absentee, in
parts of the Black Belt," Mr. Davis said. "Voting the names of the dead, and the
nonexistent, and the too mentally impaired to function cancels out the votes of
citizens who are exercising their rights."

Laws requiring photo IDs suppress minority voting, Democrats charge. The facts
say otherwise. In Georgia, black voter turnout for the midterm election in 2006
was 42.9 percent. After Georgia passed photo ID, black turnout in the 2010
midterm rose to 50.4 percent. Black turnout also rose in Indiana and Mississippi
after photo IDs were required.

"Concerns about voter identification laws affecting turnout are much ado about
nothing," concluded researchers at the universities of Delaware and Nebraska
after examining election data from 2000 through 2006.

You need a photo ID to get on an airplane or an Amtrak train; to open a bank
account, withdraw money from it, or cash a check; to pick up movie and concert
tickets; to go into a federal building; to buy alcohol and to apply for food
stamps.

Most Americans don't think it's a hardship to ask voters to produce one. A
Rasmussen poll in June indicated 75 percent of respondents support photo ID
requirements. Huge majorities of Hispanics support voter ID laws, according to a
Resurgent Republic poll in September.

This year there have been investigations, indictments or convictions for vote
fraud in California, Texas, Minnesota, Wisconsin, Michigan, Indiana, Ohio,
Georgia, North Carolina and Maryland. In all but one case, the alleged
fraudsters were Democrats.

In none would the fraud alleged have altered a major election, Democrats note.
But in the Illinois gubernatorial election in 1982, 100,000 votes cast in
Chicago -- 10 percent of the total -- were fraudulent, the U.S. attorney there
estimated.

Fraud of the magnitude which swings elections typically combines absentee ballot
fraud and voter registration fraud. At least 55 employees or associates of the
Association of Community Organizations for Reform Now have been convicted of
registration fraud in 11 states, says Matthew Vadum of the Capital Research
Center, who's written a book about ACORN.

Of 1.3 million new registrations ACORN turned in in 2008, election officials
rejected 400,000.

"There is no question about the legitimacy or importance of a state's interest
in counting only eligible voters' votes," wrote liberal Justice John Paul
Stevens for a 6-3 majority in the Supreme Court's 2008 decision upholding
Indiana's ID law, the toughest in the nation.

In a speech Tuesday at the Lyndon Baines Johnson Library at the University of
Texas, Attorney General Eric Holder announced a full scale assault on the laws
the Supreme Court said are constitutional and necessary.

Mr. Holder -- who apparently won't prosecute violations of the Voting Rights Act
if the victims are white -- picked an appropriate venue for his attack on the
integrity of the ballot. LBJ stole his first election to the Senate, according
to one of his biographers.

A Gallup poll Tuesday indicates why Mr. Holder is trying so hard to gut ballot
security measures. Mr. Obama trails in all swing states. Democrats fear they
can't win next year unless they cheat.

LOAD-DATE: December 22, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Jack Kelly is a columnist for the Post-Gazette and The Blade of Toledo,
Ohio (jkelly@post-gazette.com, 412 263-1476). /

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2011 P.G. Publishing Co.

                             184 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Bakersfield Californian

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           November 12, 2013 Tuesday

Another former sales agent takes plea deal in Crisp & Cole case

BYLINE: John Cox, The Bakersfield Californian

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 363 words


Nov. 12--Michael Angelo Munoz, a former real estate agent and defendant in
Bakersfield's Crisp & Cole mortgage fraud case, has agreed to plead guilty to
two counts of mail fraud, the U.S. Attorneys Office announced Tuesday.

While Munoz's plea remains tentative until it is accepted by a federal judge,
and no date for such action has been set, the agreement makes him the 11th
person to accept a plea bargain in the case.

Munoz has been charged with one count of conspiracy to commit mail, wire and
bank fraud, five counts of mail fraud, two counts of bank fraud and one count of
conspiracy to launder money.

Under the terms of the plea agreement signed by Munoz and his attorney Oct. 30
and filed with U.S. District Court in Fresno, the defendant agreed to forfeit
$1.3 million as a "reasonable reflection" of his financial gains under the
alleged criminal scheme.

In exchange, the U.S. Attorneys Office agreed to recommend a reduced sentence
for Munoz.

Also Tuesday, defendant Jayson Peter Costa, a former loan officer, pleaded
guilty as expected to one count of conspiracy to commit mail, wire and bank
fraud. He had been charged with one count of conspiracy to commit mail, wire and
bank fraud, two counts of mail fraud, two counts of bank fraud and one count of
conspiracy to launder money.

Prosecutors have accused associates of the real estate firm of using straw
buyers and others to buy and sell various properties multiple times as part of a
plan to skim equity using artificially inflated home values. Court papers allege
the defendants put false information in mortgage loan applications.

There remain four defendants who have not agreed to a deal with the U.S.
Attorneys Office. They are: David Marshall Crisp, a principal at the now-defunct
firm at the center of the case, Crisp, Cole & Associates; Julie Dianne Farmer,
the company's former operations manager; Jeriel Salinas, a former sales agent;
and Jennifer Anne Crisp, David Crisp's wife. A trial in the case is scheduled to
begin Jan. 28.

___ (c)2013 The Bakersfield Californian (Bakersfield, Calif.) Visit The
Bakersfield Californian (Bakersfield, Calif.) at www.bakersfield.com Distributed
by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20131112-BK-Another-former-sales-agent-takes-plea-deal-in-Crisp-Cole-case-1112-2
0131112

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BK


                   Copyright 2013 The Bakersfield Californian

                             185 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 29, 2014 Monday

Missouri: former wichita man sentenced for $2.7 million mortgage fraud

LENGTH: 485  words

DATELINE: Jefferson City


United States Attorney's Office for the western District of Missouri has issued
the following press release:

Tammy Dickinson, United States Attorney for the Western District of Missouri,
announced that a former Wichita, Kan., man was sentenced in federal court today
for his role in a $2.7 million mortgage fraud scheme.

Terrence Matthew Brown, also known as Terry Brown, 49, of Round Rock, Texas,
formerly of Wichita, was sentenced by U.S. District Judge Brian C. Wimes to
seven years and three months in federal prison without parole. The court also
ordered Brown to pay $1,201,635 in restitution.

On May 2, 2013, Brown was found guilty of conspiracy to commit wire fraud and
five counts of wire fraud.

Brown participated in a mortgage fraud conspiracy in 2006 in which mortgage
lenders were defrauded in 10 separate loans for five properties, which were
obtained by false statements in loan applications and other documents. Mortgage
loans totaling $2.7 million were approved to purchase properties in Greenwood,
Mo., Kansas City, Mo., Overland Park, Kan., and Leawood, Kan., all within a
period of three months.

The scheme involved Brown buying homes at inflated prices, obtaining mortgage
loans by fraud at the inflated amounts, and receiving kickbacks from the excess
loan proceeds without the lenders' knowledge. In order to qualify for the loans,
Brown lied to lenders about his income, his employment, his assets and
liabilities, his intent to occupy the properties and other matters.

Brown and co-conspirators structured the home purchases in such a way that Brown
would receive money from the loan proceeds without the knowledge or consent of
the lenders. Brown received more than $200,000 in illegal kickbacks. In order to
receive the kickbacks without the lenders finding out, Brown submitted false
invoices to the title companies closing the loans. The invoices were in the
names of businesses that claimed to be entitled to payment for services
supposedly rendered.

All the loans went into default and the properties were foreclosed.

According to court documents, Brown would not have qualified financially for the
loans if he had been truthful, as his income would not have supported the loans.

Brown failed to live in any of the five properties as his primary residence.
Brown was a sex offender required to register where he lived; he reported to law
enforcement that he lived in two of the properties for brief periods, but he
failed to make any of them his primary residence for a year as required by the
mortgages. He also made only $28,778 in total mortgage payments - barely more
than one month of combined payments on the loans - before he defaulted on each
of the loans.
This case was prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorney Linda Parker Marshall. It
was investigated by the FBI.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             186 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 23, 2014 Tuesday

Missouri: former wichita man sentenced for $2.7 million mortgage fraud

LENGTH: 485  words

DATELINE: Jefferson City


United States Attorney's Office for the western District of Missouri has issued
the following press release:

Tammy Dickinson, United States Attorney for the Western District of Missouri,
announced that a former Wichita, Kan., man was sentenced in federal court today
for his role in a $2.7 million mortgage fraud scheme.

Terrence Matthew Brown, also known as Terry Brown, 49, of Round Rock, Texas,
formerly of Wichita, was sentenced by U.S. District Judge Brian C. Wimes to
seven years and three months in federal prison without parole. The court also
ordered Brown to pay $1,201,635 in restitution.

On May 2, 2013, Brown was found guilty of conspiracy to commit wire fraud and
five counts of wire fraud.

Brown participated in a mortgage fraud conspiracy in 2006 in which mortgage
lenders were defrauded in 10 separate loans for five properties, which were
obtained by false statements in loan applications and other documents. Mortgage
loans totaling $2.7 million were approved to purchase properties in Greenwood,
Mo., Kansas City, Mo., Overland Park, Kan., and Leawood, Kan., all within a
period of three months.

The scheme involved Brown buying homes at inflated prices, obtaining mortgage
loans by fraud at the inflated amounts, and receiving kickbacks from the excess
loan proceeds without the lenders' knowledge. In order to qualify for the loans,
Brown lied to lenders about his income, his employment, his assets and
liabilities, his intent to occupy the properties and other matters.

Brown and co-conspirators structured the home purchases in such a way that Brown
would receive money from the loan proceeds without the knowledge or consent of
the lenders. Brown received more than $200,000 in illegal kickbacks. In order to
receive the kickbacks without the lenders finding out, Brown submitted false
invoices to the title companies closing the loans. The invoices were in the
names of businesses that claimed to be entitled to payment for services
supposedly rendered.

All the loans went into default and the properties were foreclosed.

According to court documents, Brown would not have qualified financially for the
loans if he had been truthful, as his income would not have supported the loans.

Brown failed to live in any of the five properties as his primary residence.
Brown was a sex offender required to register where he lived; he reported to law
enforcement that he lived in two of the properties for brief periods, but he
failed to make any of them his primary residence for a year as required by the
mortgages. He also made only $28,778 in total mortgage payments - barely more
than one month of combined payments on the loans - before he defaulted on each
of the loans.
This case was prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorney Linda Parker Marshall. It
was investigated by the FBI.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             187 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                              June 20, 2008 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Mortgage Fraud Crackdown Hits Home

BYLINE: SHANNON BEHNKEN, The Tampa Tribune

SECTION: NATION/WORLD; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 643 words

DATELINE: TAMPA


18 FLORIDIANS AMONG ARRESTED

By SHANNON BEHNKEN

The Tampa Tribune

TAMPA - A nationwide crackdown on mortgage fraud that began in March has
ensnared 18 Florida residents, whose charges were announced by federal
authorities Thursday.

One Tampa mortgage broker, during the same period, was convicted and sentenced
to more than eight years in prison.

The Florida cases are among 406 mortgage fraud investigations that have led to
arrests and indictments nationwide since March, the FBI said.

More arrests in Florida are expected this summer.

"We have a number of ongoing cases, and we're keeping those close to the vest,"
said David Couvertier, spokesman for the Tampa FBI field office. "We will be
putting a lot of people in jail for this in the very near future."

The crackdown on mortgage fraud comes in the wake of one of the worst collapses
in the housing market in more than a decade, and is aimed at cleaning up the
real estate industry so that fraudulent loans don't contribute to trouble in the
housing market in the future.

The investigations and arrests were a joint effort of the FBI and other Justice
Department personnel. At a news conference Thursday in Washington, the FBI and
Justice Department announced arrests in a number of cities, including Miami,
Chicago and Atlanta.

At least 60 arrests took place Wednesday and Thursday.

In a separate case, two former Bear Stearns managers in New York were arrested
and charged Thursday with encouraging investors to stay in their hedge funds,
heavily exposed to subprime mortgages, even as they knew the credit market was
in serious trouble.

The mortgage fraud crackdown, dubbed "Operation Malicious Mortgage," started
March 1 and ended this week. It targeted developers, mortgage lenders and
brokers, lawyers, real estate agents and appraisers involved in organized
mortgage fraud schemes.

Tampa Broker Gets 81/2 Years

The nationwide crackdown so far has resulted in 173 convictions and 81
sentencings, including a Tampa mortgage broker, Luis Uribe, 28. He was sentenced
to 81/2 years in prison.

Nationwide, mortgage fraud losses to homeowners, lenders and others is estimated
at more than $1 billion.

"Mortgage fraud poses a significant threat to our economy, to the stability of
our nation's housing markets and to the peace of mind of millions of American
homeowners," U.S. Deputy Attorney General Mark Filip said.

The FBI has 160 agents nationwide committed only to working on mortgage fraud,
Couvertier said.

Banks reported almost 53,000 cases of suspected mortgage fraud last year, up
from more than 37,000 a year earlier. The 2007 figures are about 10 times the
number of suspected mortgage fraud reports filed in 2001 and 2002, according to
the Treasury Department's Financial Crimes Enforcement Network.

The Tampa FBI office, which oversees Central Florida, has seen a 365 percent
increase in suspected mortgage fraud cases since 2004. In 2004, there were 439
mortgage fraud complaints filed by lenders. By 2007, as the housing market
crumbled, lenders filed 2,041 complaints about suspected mortgage fraud to the
Tampa FBI office.

Florida A Hotbed

Florida is considered by mortgage experts to be a hotbed for mortgage fraud.

The FBI has said more suspected mortgage fraud cases were reported by lenders in
Florida in 2007 than reported in the entire country in 2006.

Currently, Tampa ranks seventh on the agency's top 10 list for suspected
mortgage fraud. The other Florida city on the list is Miami; it ranks fourth.

The most common type of mortgage fraud found is misstatement of income or
assets. That is followed by forged documents, inflated appraisals and
misrepresentation of a buyer's intent to occupy a property as a primary
residence.

Information from the Associated Press was used in this report.

Copyright © 2008, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: July 1, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2008 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune

                             188 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                            July 13, 1989, Thursday

STUDY: INSURANCE FRAUD MAY BE ON THE WANE

BYLINE: CRISTINA LEE; Journal of Commerce Staff

SECTION: INSURANCE, Pg. 9A

LENGTH: 818 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


Late last Christmas, Carmen Lucy Rickert of Albany, N.Y., reported her car
stolen and dutifully put in a claim with her insurer.

Fortunately, police were able to find her automobile. Unfortunately for her
hough, it was found buried in her backyard.

Police say Ms. Rickert herself laid her "stolen" wheels to rest, and charges are
pending against her. The scam is another example, though a rather unique one, of
a common white collar crime - insurance fraud.

However, according to a study by the Insurance Crime Prevention Institute,
insurance fraud may be on the wane.

Generally, fraud perpetrated by policyholders ranges from common crimes - like
staged car accidents or theft, house torchings and false injury claims - to more
sophisticated financial transactions, such as setting up bogus insurance or
reinsurance companies in states or countries where insurance is unregulated.

"Over the past two years, the percentage of referred claims involving suspected
corrupt professionals has fallen from 19.8 percent (in 1986 fiscal year ended
June 30) to 7.8 percent (in fiscal 1989)," said Wendall C. Harness, director of
the Westport, Conn.-based institute, a national organization that tracks
property/casualty white collar crimes.

"The dramatic drop suggests that white collar professionals are becoming much
less willing to become involved in insurance fraud activities," he added. "And
that is very good news for the industry."

The National Automobile Theft Bureau in Palos Hills, Ill., estimated that some
15 percent of all automobile thefts reported to the bureau are fraudulent or
attempts to defraud insurers. But putting a figure on the actual number of
frauds attempted or committed during a given year is like searching for a needle
in a haystack.

"First of all, insurance companies won't give you the full and true story," said
Robert Jones, deputy director of the New York Insurance Fraud Bureau. "Insurance
companies don't go around telling everybody they got beat off their pants."

Besides New York, six other states have fraud bureaus - Ohio, North Carolina,
Nevada, California, Florida and Idaho. The states formed the Law Enforcement
Association of Insurance Fraud Bureau here to exchange information on
individuals and companies involved in fraudulent insurance practices.

This exchange of information among the different bureaus have put would-be
defrauders on the run, said Mr. Jones. And to some extent, "it even causes the
different bureaus to make arrests."

Computerization of the fraud bureaus also helps, he said.

"It not only streamlined paperwork but makes research on certain individuals
easier," Mr. Jones said. "We have made reference files on individuals and we
keep track of names and addresses. And we have the names cross-indexed with
other names that appear in related cases."

The New York bureau, which computerized its filing system in 1986, may have the
largest database of individuals and companies in the United States, with more
than 110,000 names and addresses of individuals stretching from Canada to
California.

A spokeswoman for the Insurance Crime Prevention Institute said the group
receives about 6,500 questionable claims annually, with about one in every 10
claims of the investigations resulting in sufficient evidence for criminal
prosecution.

"About 85 percent of the people that are arrested as a result of our
investigations are subsequently convicted or have pleaded guilty," said Ann
Kelly the spokeswoman for the institute.

She said the top three states where insurance fraud is most likely are New York,
Illinois and California.

As a result, Mr. Harness of the Institute said, "If you're in the insurance
fraud business, it's just a matter of time before we catch up with you."

Former New York insurance superintendent and author of a book on avoiding
insurance fraud, Albert B. Lewis, said that while computerization and freer flow
of information are serving the insurance industry well, he warned that young
insurance executives must remain watchful of defrauders.

"The oldtimers know how to protect themselves (from fraud)," he said.
''Unfortunately, I find too few of the people that are coming up the ranks of
insurance companies are sufficiently trained to protect themselves from these
frauds."

He added that insurance professionals are inundated with other concerns today,
such as Proposition 103 and other anti-insurance consumer state legislation,
that they may not have enough time to spend concentrating on avoiding fraud.

"Insurance executives just don't have an opportunity to be thoroughly
knowledgeable about these scams," said Mr. Lewis, now a senior partner at Bower
& Gardner, a New York-based law firm specializing in medical malpractice.

There has not been a major insurance scam in the 1980s. This "relative calm" in
the industry may be fostering "complacency," he added.

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH ANALYSIS

                  Copyright 1989 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.

                             189 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                              May 21, 2007 Monday
                            0 South Pinellas Edition

FOR SURE, A NO. 1 WE DON'T WANT

BYLINE: ROBERT TRIGAUX, Times Business Editor

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 1D

LENGTH: 481 words


"If mortgage fraud were an automobile race, the 2006 figures show Florida,
California and Michigan as leading the race."

Mortgage Asset Research Institute

Sure, it's fun to be No. 1. Florida crows about it every chance it gets. First
in job growth. First in spring breakers. But first in mortgage fraud?

We ought to be ashamed, but add fraud to our trophy wall of top finishes. Last
week, the Mortgage Asset Research Institute crowned the Sunshine State as tops,
surpassing perennial winner Georgia.

Sadly, it makes sense. History shows that red-hot housing markets are open
invitations for fraud opportunities ranging from inflated house appraisals to
doctored loan applications and income verifications. As long as home prices are
soaring, nobody really cares because everybody gets a profitable piece of the
pie in an appreciating market. But the faster they rise, the harder they fall.
In declining housing markets, fraud is more easily exposed.

Readers of the Times may have noticed mortgage fraud stories are on the upswing.
Investigative reporter Jeff Testerman recently chronicled the capture and
sentencing of up to 54 years of mortgage fraud mastermind Matthew B. Cox. And
Times senior correspondent Susan Taylor Martin examined suspicious deals handled
by loan officer Victor Clavizzao in which a home would be flipped at inflated
prices several times in a year despite a sluggish market. The FBI confirms it's
investigating mortgage fraud in Pinellas County.

Mortgage Asset Research Institute, which tracks mortgage fraud for the
home-lending industry, said Florida soared to No. 1 in 2006. But it was also
Georgia's concerted efforts to reduce fraud within its borders that allowed
Florida's northern neighbor to fall to No. 4 in the latest rankings.

There's a message here. Florida can get a grip on its rampant fraud - if the
state and the lending, real estate, appraisal and title industries really want
to.

The fraud report does wave a few red flags for the future:

- The shakeout of the subprime lending market (which caters to higher-risk
borrowers), the most vulnerable to fraud, has several years to go.

- The end of Florida's housing boom means more real estate and mortgage workers
will be competing for the smaller, remaining business. While most folks are
honest, some in the industry will be tempted to make unqualified borrowers look
more qualified than they are.

"When these conditions are coupled with a regulatory environment (in most
states) where fraud perpetrators face relatively light penalties, the conditions
are temptingly ripe for escalated mortgage fraud activity," the report warns.

Next year, let's not be No. 1.

Robert Trigaux can be reached at trigaux@sptimes.com or (727) 893-8405.

Top 10 states in mortgage fraud

1. FLORIDA

2. California

3. Michigan

4. Georgia

5. Utah

6. New York

7. Illinois

8. Minnesota

9. Colorado

10. Nevada

Source: Mortgage Asset Research Institute

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved

                             190 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Underwriter,
             Property & Casualty/Risk & Benefits Management Edition

                               September 15, 1997

WC Fraud Fight Starts Paying Dividends

BYLINE: BY DAN LONKEVICH

SECTION: SPECIAL REPORT: INSURANCE FRAUD REVIEW; Pg. 23

LENGTH: 1591 words


Begun only about five years ago, programs to fight workers' compensation
insurance fraud at both state and company levels have been highly successful,
but more still needs to be done, industry observers contend.

Everyone agrees that workers' comp. fraud is a big problem, costing the industry
roughly $ 58.7 billion a year in assumed losses, according to Hartford,
Conn.-based Conning & Co.

Thirty-two states have adopted formal workers' comp. fraud fighting programs,
which generally established workers' comp. fraud as a crime. In addition, the
programs broadened the focus of fraud fighting beyond alleged fraud by
blue-collar workers to include alleged fraud by employers, physicians and
attorneys.

Among the most recent states to adopt workers' comp. fraud programs are
Arkansas, Hawaii and North Dakota. Last year, New York, Pennsylvania and
Tennessee adopted aggressive workers' comp. fraud fighting programs. Other
states also are expected to pass similar measures.

Asked about the most successful programs, observers point to California and
Massachusetts. A quick review of their programs reveals two very different
approaches.

California's program is the oldest because the Golden State was one of the first
in the nation to pass legislation dealing with workers' comp. fraud in 1991.

According to the California Department of Industrial Relations, California paid
only $ 5.7 billion in workers' comp. claims in 1995, the latest year figures are
available. This compares very favorably with the $ 7.6 billion the state paid in
1994 and the $ 9.3 billion it paid in 1993.

The department attributed the decrease to the efforts of insurers, local
district attorneys and the California Department of Insurance's Workers' Comp.
Fraud Bureau.

Moreover, the department noted that the number of suspected fraudulent claims
have decreased 53 percent from 1992-93 to 1995-96, sliding from 8,342 to 3,947.

At the same time, the bureau has increased by 500 percent the number of new
cases it investigates from 185 in 1992-93 to 903 in 1995-96. Finally, the number
of arrests for workers' comp. fraud also increased 840 percent, from 24 in
1992-93 to 202 in 1995-96.

Initial funding of the California Workers' Comp. Fraud Bureau was set at $ 3
million. As prescribed by law, half the funding went to the fraud bureau while
the other half was allocated to district attorneys in 16 districts. Two years
later, that funding was increased to $ 25 million a year.

While California's program set up a state program to fight workers' comp. fraud,
Massachusetts elected to try a private industry-funded approach. The Insurance
Fraud Bureau of Massachusetts was created by the insurance industry and
authorized by statute in 1996 to conduct criminal investigations of all lines of
insurance fraud for criminal prosecution.

The bureau has a staff of 43, including 28 investigators, and an annual budget
of $ 4.6 million. Another $ 200,000 a year paid through the state insurance
department assessments funds insurance fraud prosecutions through the attorney
general's office.

James J. Campbell, commissioner of the Massachusetts Department of Industrial
Accidents, said the Bay State workers' comp. fraud fighting efforts begun in
1992 have helped saved about $ 1 billion in claim costs from 1994 to 1997.

"What makes us unique is that our new law carries stringent penalties for
workers' comp. fraud," Mr. Campbell said. "It's been a tremendous success."

Mr. Campbell noted that while the state had only one conviction for workers'
comp. fraud from 1911 to 1991, it has had more than 100 convictions with many
more indictments in the pipeline since then.

Further evidence of the success of Massachusetts workers' comp. fraud-fighting
efforts can be found in the latest 12.2 percent reduction in workers' comp.
rates filed by the industry. Mr. Campbell said this is the fourth year in a row
that the state workers' comp. industry has sought a double-digit rate decrease.

While California and Massachusetts' successes are impressive, some observers are
still skeptical.

Nancy Carini, assistant vice president of Conning & Co. and author of a 1996
study called "Insurance Fraud: The Quiet Catastrophe," conceded that workers'
comp. fraud fighting efforts have risen in prominence in recent years, but
asserted that the problem is as serious as ever.

Ms. Carini said she worries that some of the recent successes may cause
regulators and especially insurers to rest on their laurels.

"The soft market is putting pressure on workers' comp. fraud fighting efforts,"
Ms. Carini said. "Companies that are somewhat strapped financially translate
[that] into lower budgets for fighting fraud."

Ms. Carini said insurers, however, remain concerned about the significant
up-front costs of establishing a fraud-fighting program. She said successful
fraud-fighting programs are very expensive to do right because of the technology
and professional staff required.

Conning's assessment of insurer fraud-fighting efforts suggests that only about
a third of workers' comp. insurers are aggressively fighting fraud, Ms. Carini
said.

She said another third of insurers are only going through the motions to satisfy
state legislative and regulatory requirements.

The final third, she said, aren't even making any pretense about fighting fraud.

Regulators need to do a better job of making sure insurers are meeting their
statutory and regulatory requirements for fighting fraud, Ms. Carini said.

Officials from the California Workers' Comp. Fraud Bureau played down any
concern about insurers being unable to afford to fight workers' comp. fraud
because of the soft market. They asserted that the savings from fighting fraud
are much greater than any upfront expenditures.

The bureau officials conceded, however, that some insurers have been overstating
their fraud-fighting efforts in the annual reports they are required to submit
on the activities of their special investigation units.

Until 1997, the bureau took companies at their word, but this year they began
conducting inspection audits to validate the statements in the reports. Insurers
that don't comply with the requirements to establish an SIU can be fined up to $
55,000. Insurers that don't comply after an inspection audit risk losing their
certificate of authority for a year.

"Fighting workers' comp. fraud should be a strategic issue -- one focused on by
top management," Ms. Carini said.

Novato, Calif.-based Fireman's Fund Ins. Co. is one of the companies that has
begun to view fighting workers' comp. fraud as a strategic issue, according to
Ms. Carini.

Fireman's Fund, along with Cigna Property & Casualty Co., CNA and USF&G Corp.
are well-known for aggressively fighting workers' comp. fraud, she said.

Paul Conway, product manager of the Fireman's Fund workers' comp. SIU, said the
insurer's fraud-fighting efforts have been highly successful, saving it some $
60 million a year.

To be sure, this figure isn't exact, he said, but is based on industry estimates
that for every dollar spent investigating fraudulent claims, another $ 10 are
saved. Fireman's Fund spends about $ 6 million a year on its workers' comp. SIU.

Mr. Conway said Fireman's Fund started its workers' comp. SIU in 1992. The
company had had an SIU devoted to all lines since 1986, but found that it wasn't
enough. Workers' comp. fraud was so prevalent, the company decided to establish
an SIU just to handle the problem, he said.

The Fireman's Fund's workers' comp. fraud SIU is staffed by 35 fraud
investigators, all of whom come from law enforcement backgrounds. They
investigate about 1,500 claims a year.

According to Mr. Conway, the secret of the Fireman's Fund workers' comp. fraud
fighting has been working closely with employers to educate employees "about the
consequences of workers' comp. fraud."

"Most people won't commit a crime if they know it's a crime," he said. "Most
people didn't know cheating insurers was a crime. We tell them you have
benefits. If you're hurt, we'll take care of you. But if you claim to be hurt
and you're not, we're also going to take care of you, but with law enforcement."

One of the things Fireman's Fund does to educate workers about the consequence
of workers' comp. fraud is require them to sign forms stating they understand
that workers' comp. fraud is a crime. Mr. Conway said this acts as a deterrent
but also serves as documentation of intent in actual fraud cases.

John Pikiell, SIU superintendent of Philadelphia-based Cigna Property & Casualty
Co., said that his employer's workers' comp. fraud-fighting efforts, which began
in 1992, also have been successful.

He noted, however, that accurate figures for how much Cigna saves each year
aren't currently available, nor was he willing to say how much Cigna spends on
fighting workers' comp. fraud. He said calculation of savings is not an exact
science.

Because fraud-fighting efforts can be so different, comparisons of insurers'
fraud fighting efforts won't yield valid results, he added.

In any case, Mr. Pikiell said Cigna employs 20 fraud investigation specialists
in 13 offices nationally. They typically investigate fraudulent claims in all
lines of business. Cigna's fraud specialists typically have five years of law
enforcement experience, as well as two years experience with an SIU.

In addition to the specialists, Cigna contracts with a private network of
private investigators who handle all field investigations.

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                Copyright 1997 The National Underwriter Company

                             191 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     August 27, 1990, Monday, FINAL EDITION

LETTERLINE

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 537 words


Coverage for the history books: I usually read USA TODAY from cover to cover,
but your fine coverage of the Persian Gulf has made each August issue a saver.
History is being told clearly, realistically and from many areas. When the
textbooks write that chapter, they'll need USA TODAY for accurate reference.
Cora Adele Smith
Holtsville, N.Y.

Check the facts, ma'am: I read the headline on Barbara Reynolds' column,
''Medicaid fraud units proving a bitter pill,'' with proud anticipation. As
president of the National Association of Medicaid Fraud Control Units, and as a
fraud prosecutor for over six years, I already knew that our units are indeed
proving to be bitter pills for quite a number of medical providers who cheat the
program in creative and innovative ways that would make an inventor proud. Yet,
as I read past the headline, I was slapped with the stark realization that a
reporter whose column appears in a national newspaper had embarked upon a blind,
slanted, biased, factless and just plain sloppy piece of journalistic rehash.
The article left more than a few unanswered questions. What is a
''Gestapo-like'' Medicaid fraud squad? Where in the world are the facts showing
that ''doctors - primarily women, minorities and the physically handicapped -
who don't have the money to fight back - are being singled out ...'' for
prosecution?

''Beating up on innocent doctors serving the poor'' is her bottom line. From the
shaded perspective that she utilizes, that is understandable. I'll be glad to
tell you about the leeches of the medical community who cry out, ''I serve the
poor,'' while they are stealing from the very program set up to help those poor.
Our units do our best to competently and discreetly investigate allegations of
fraud on the part of these providers. If the evidence is sufficient, they will
be prosecuted. And whether these defendants are found guilty or not, rest
assured, Ms. Reynolds, that their rights were protected. That's why we have
courts. Check your facts, ma'am. The Gestapo never did that.
Glen R. Petersen, president
National Association of Medicaid Fraud Control Units
Washington, D.C.

Poor are victims of fraud units: Thank you, Barbara Reynolds, 100 times for your
story on medical fraud-control units. Until recently, Medicaid officials all
across the country have been very effective at discrediting health-care
providers, holding them in disdain in the public eye with the words, ''Medicaid
fraud.''

Unfortunately, most of the American public was unaware that many state Medicaid
programs, through mismanagement at the administrative level and the arbitrary,
capricious enforcement of fraud, have been effectively able to bilk hundreds of
billions of dollars in health-related services from providers who have tried to
participate in this program. One thing for sure, Medicaid-fraud officials, many
of whom are non-physicians and dentists, in their zeal to prosecute providers in
order to meet quotas and receive financial incentives, have guaranteed that
basic medical and dental services will remain token and health-care delivery to
poor Americans substandard.
Norman J. Clement, chairman
Dental Survey of America
Detroit, Mich.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Inquiry; Letterline

                      Copyright 1990 Gannett Company Inc.

                             192 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                              June 22, 2015 Monday

In health care fraud sweeps, which include nurses and doctor, Feds charge 243
people

LENGTH: 374  words


More than 200 people have been charged in what officials called the largest
crackdown on suspected Medicare fraud-amounting to roughly $712 million in
allegedly false billing, officials said Thursday.


U.S. Attorney General Loretta Lynch and Federal Bureau of Investigation Director
James Comey said the latest sweep in the government's nationwide strike force
against Medicare fraud has led to criminal charges against 243 people, including
46 doctors, nurses and other medical professionals.
The suspects are accused of scams ranging from identity theft to money
laundering and conspiracy to commit health-care fraud.
Dozens of those arrested were charged with defrauding the Medicare
prescription-drug program, officials said.
"This action represents the largest criminal health-care fraud takedown in the
history of the Department of Justice," said Ms. Lynch, adding that the suspects
"billed for equipment that wasn't provided, for care that wasn't needed, and for
services that weren't rendered."
Federal officials said this week's arrests are in large part because of the
increasing sophistication of computer programs that detect patterns of potential
fraud, triggering investigations.
Florida has long been a focus of such investigations, and Thursday's
announcement included charges against 73 individuals in the Miami area, accused
of a total of $263 million in various fraud schemes.
Among those charged were administrators of a mental-health center that received
tens of millions of dollars from Medicare.
Federal agents in Texas arrested 29 individuals in Houston, McAllen and Dallas,
where some defendants were charged with coaching Medicare beneficiaries what to
tell doctors to make them seem eligible for treatment. And in Los Angeles, a
doctor was accused of causing Medicare nearly $23 million in losses for
fraudulent billing which included more than 1,000 power wheelchairs that weren't
medically necessary and sometimes not provided.
Arrests were also made in Detroit, New Orleans, New York and Tampa, Fla.,
officials said. As big as Thursday's crackdown was, Mr. Comey said the scale and
scope of health-care fraud is bigger-the FBI is pursuing about 2,700
investigations of suspected health-care fraud. 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: June 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             193 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Mortgage Servicing News

                                 November 2013

Fraudulent Mortgage Loan Applications Totaled $5.3B in 2Q13

BYLINE: Evan Nemeroff

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4 Vol. 17 No. 12

LENGTH: 603  words


As the mortgage industry transitions from a refinance market to a purchase
market, a CoreLogic report revealed that fraud risk among mortgage applications
is down nationwide in the second quarter.

The Irvine, Calif.-based analytic provider's Mortgage Fraud Report showed that
fraud risk among U.S. mortgage applications declined 5.6% in the second quarter
of 2013 from a year ago. The index has seen a year-over-year decline for five
straight quarters.

The data indicate that approximately 19,700 or 0.8% of mortgage applications in
2Q13 were identified as having a high risk of fraud. This is down from last year
when 20,900, or 0.7%, were labeled with this characteristic.

In the second quarter of 2013, fraudulent residential mortgage loan applications
totaled an estimated $5.3 billion, down from $5.5 billion experienced during the
prior quarter.

CoreLogic also noted a decrease of 0.73% on a quarter-over-quarter basis in
2Q13.

Since the index peaked in the first quarter of 2012, mortgage application fraud
risk has fallen 6.8%.

"Since the beginning of 2012, mortgage application fraud risk has totaled more
than $30 billion nationally," said Mark Fleming, chief economist for CoreLogic.

"While the propensity toward application fraud risk has declined based on our
index, as the housing market recovers, the volume of mortgage applications is
rising and increasing the total amount of fraudulent mortgage loan application
dollars."

Nationally, Ohio experienced the highest year-over-year growth in mortgage
application fraud risk, up 30.1%. Other states that saw a large uptick in loan
applications with inaccurate information were Hawaii (up 19.6%), Kentucky
(16.6%), Connecticut (15%) and Alaska (13.8%).

Conversely, there was a 29% decline on an annual basis in Washington, D.C.,
where mortgage applications were deemed to have fraudulent data. A significant
drop-off in application fraud risk was also seen in Nevada (down 23.1%), Idaho
(22.3%), Delaware (22%) and Oregon (18.5%).

Overall, the total dollars of fraudulent mortgage loan applications increased in
27 states on a quarterly basis.

The five states with the highest estimated value of fraudulent mortgage
applications were California at $864 million, followed by New York at $278
million, Florida was $273 million, Texas at $261 million and Virginia was $231
million.

Through the first half of 2013, fraudulent loan applications reached a value of
about $10.5 billion. Meanwhile, over the last year, there has been about $21.9
billion of residential mortgage loans with fraudulent information, CoreLogic
said.

The CoreLogic Mortgage Application Fraud Risk Index is composed of six measures
of fraud risk: employment, identity, income, occupancy, property and undisclosed
debt.

Fleming said that over the last 18 months as the housing market and economy have
recovered, a transition has taken place from property-related and
identity-related application fraud to income application fraud.

Income application fraud is an intentional misrepresentation of how much a
borrower makes. This index rose 13.3% nationally in 2Q13 from a year ago.

dditionally, the index was up 7.5% quarter-over-quarter.

On the other hand, property application risk has fallen 20.8% from the same time
period last year and is down 7.1% from the first quarter. Property application
fraud intentionally misrepresents a property's value as either higher or lower
than market value to achieve illegitimate gains.

Identity fraud risk has dropped 14.5% year-over-year and 3.2% on a quarterly
basis. Identity application fraud occurs when an identity is altered, created or
stolen to obtain a mortgage.

URL: http://www.mortgageservicingnews.com/

LOAD-DATE: November 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter

JOURNAL-CODE: MSN


                        Copyright 2013 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             194 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             National Mortgage News

                               September 30, 2013

Fraudulent Mortgage Loan Applications Totaled $5.3B in 2Q13

BYLINE: Evan Nemeroff

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 8 Vol. 38 No. 2

LENGTH: 603  words


As the mortgage industry transitions from a refinance market to a purchase
market, a CoreLogic report revealed that fraud risk among mortgage applications
is down nationwide in the second quarter.

The Irvine, Calif.-based analytic provider's Mortgage Fraud Report showed that
fraud risk among U.S. mortgage applications declined 5.6% in the second quarter
of 2013 from a year ago. The index has seen a year-over-year decline for five
straight quarters.

The data indicate that approximately 19,700 or 0.8% of mortgage applications in
2Q13 were identified as having a high risk of fraud. This is down from last year
when 20,900, or 0.7%, were labeled with this characteristic.

In the second quarter of 2013, fraudulent residential mortgage loan applications
totaled an estimated $5.3 billion, down from $5.5 billion experienced during the
prior quarter.

CoreLogic also noted a decrease of 0.73% on a quarter-over-quarter basis in
2Q13.

Since the index peaked in the first quarter of 2012, mortgage application fraud
risk has fallen 6.8%.

"Since the beginning of 2012, mortgage application fraud risk has totaled more
than $30 billion nationally," said Mark Fleming, chief economist for CoreLogic.

"While the propensity toward application fraud risk has declined based on our
index, as the housing market recovers, the volume of mortgage applications is
rising and increasing the total amount of fraudulent mortgage loan application
dollars."

Nationally, Ohio experienced the highest year-over-year growth in mortgage
application fraud risk, up 30.1%. Other states that saw a large uptick in loan
applications with inaccurate information were Hawaii (up 19.6%), Kentucky
(16.6%), Connecticut (15%) and Alaska (13.8%).

Conversely, there was a 29% decline on an annual basis in Washington, D.C.,
where mortgage applications were deemed to have fraudulent data. A significant
drop-off in application fraud risk was also seen in Nevada (down 23.1%), Idaho
(22.3%), Delaware (22%) and Oregon (18.5%).

Overall, the total dollars of fraudulent mortgage loan applications increased in
27 states on a quarterly basis.

The five states with the highest estimated value of fraudulent mortgage
applications were California at $864 million, followed by New York at $278
million, Florida was $273 million, Texas at $261 million and Virginia was $231
million.

Through the first half of 2013, fraudulent loan applications reached a value of
about $10.5 billion. Meanwhile, over the last year, there has been about $21.9
billion of residential mortgage loans with fraudulent information, CoreLogic
said.

The CoreLogic Mortgage Application Fraud Risk Index is composed of six measures
of fraud risk: employment, identity, income, occupancy, property and undisclosed
debt.

Fleming said that over the last 18 months as the housing market and economy have
recovered, a transition has taken place from property-related and
identity-related application fraud to income application fraud.

Income application fraud is an intentional misrepresentation of how much a
borrower makes. This index rose 13.3% nationally in 2Q13 from a year ago.

dditionally, the index was up 7.5% quarter-over-quarter.

On the other hand, property application risk has fallen 20.8% from the same time
period last year and is down 7.1% from the first quarter. Property application
fraud intentionally misrepresents a property's value as either higher or lower
than market value to achieve illegitimate gains.

Identity fraud risk has dropped 14.5% year-over-year and 3.2% on a quarterly
basis. Identity application fraud occurs when an identity is altered, created or
stolen to obtain a mortgage.

URL: http://www.nationalmortgagenews.com//

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NMN


                        Copyright 2013 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             195 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Lowell Sun (Massachusetts)

                           October 28, 2010 Thursday

Malkin: Voter-fraud whitewash by left-wing groups

BYLINE: The Lowell Sun

SECTION: OPINIONS

LENGTH: 549 words


Denial isn't just a river in Egypt. It's the Democrats' coping mechanism for
midterm election voter fraud. Faced with multiple reports of early voting
irregularities and election shenanigans across the country, left-wing groups are
playing dumb, deaf and blind. Voter fraud? What voter fraud?

More cunningly, these organizations are seeking to marginalize complaints about
election integrity by casting citizen watchdog efforts as racist "scare
tactics." Echoing President Obama's message on the campaign trail, they are
accusing political opponents of suppressing the votes of minorities and the
poor.

Liberal voting-rights advocate Wendy R. Weiser turned up in a story minimizing
voter fraud and voter-registration fraud that was published Tuesday by
government-sponsored National Public Radio. The NPR report asserted that "most
election experts" believe that fears of voter fraud are "overblown." No word on
how many "experts" they surveyed (besides Weiser) to report such a conclusion,
which flies in the face of dozens of felony voter-fraud convictions across the
country over the past two election cycles.

Overblown?

In North Carolina and Nevada, early voters have encountered ballot machine
glitches that favor Democrats in hotly contested races.

In Troy, N.Y., and Daytona Beach, Fla., police investigations into suspected
absentee ballot fraud by elected government officials are under way.

In Harris County, Texas, the voter registrar admitted that 20 percent of voter
registration forms submitted by liberal activist Houston Votes had problems.
Election whistleblowers there are now being investigated by the Obama Justice
Department and have been slapped with an ethics complaint by the Texas
Democratic Party and a left-wing billionaire George Soros-funded group called
Texans for Public Justice.

In Yuma County, Ariz., election officials denied any fraud associated with
thousands of requests for "permanent early voter list" status submitted en masse
by open-borders group Mi Familia Vota (a social justice satellite group of the
Service Employees International Union). But election officials admitted that
some 6,000 out of 14,000 requests fielded by the Yuma County Recorder's Office
"were reviewed and rejected, under Arizona law, either due to the fact the
request was a duplicate or the requestor was not eligible to vote in this
election or within the jurisdiction."

For the past two years, Democratic leaders have had nothing to say about the
militant New Black Panther Party goons who took it upon themselves to police a
Philadelphia voting booth in 2008 wielding billy clubs and shouting anti-white
slurs to suppress votes. Now, they're treating citizen election monitors as if
they are the jack-booted thugs. When I lauded efforts like the Minnesota
Majority, which is training volunteers to watch polls and report on voter fraud,
liberal critics accused me this week of "fascism."

Silence dissent. Criminalize watchdogs. Whitewash fraud. Discourage grassroots
engagement. Deny, deny, deny. These are the signature tactics of the left in the
age of Obama. On Nov. 2, Americans get their chance to say, "Enough."

Michelle Malkin is the author of "Culture of Corruption: Obama and his Team of
Tax Cheats, Crooks & Cronies" (Regnery 2010). Her e-mail address is
malkinblog@gmail.com .

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             196 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 May 15, 1984, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition

Fraud Charge On Futures

BYLINE: By The Associated Press

SECTION: Section D; Page 22, Column 3; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 217 words


Seven businessmen were charged yesterday with bilking 1,200 investors out of $11
million by promising big profits on commodity futures traded by the Wall Street
firm of Nelson, Ghun & Associates.

A Federal grand jury in Manhattan charged the defendants with using
high-pressure sales pitches and false claims to persuade ''unsuspecting victims
to part with their funds.''

Federal prosecutors said that investors across the country had been misled with
the untrue assertion that ''computerized stop-loss trading techniques''
protected Nelson, Ghun trading programs.

The defendants all were charged in a 46-count indictment with mail fraud and
wire fraud, punishable by up to five years in prison and a $1,000 fine. The
co-owners - George Nelson, 35 years old, of Manhattan, and Hak Ghun, 34, of
Colorado Springs - were also charged with commodity fraud and perjury.

Assistant United States Attorney Frank Maas said the company closed in December
1980. Five men described as former Nelson, Ghun account executives were also
indicted. They were identified by Federal authorities as David Alan Franklin,
36, of Manhattan; Thomas Galgano, 39, of Valley Cottage, N.Y.; Robert Harvey,
38, of Manhattan; Robert V. Simon, 41, of West Palm Beach, Fla., and George
Wilson Glass, 49, of Southampton, L.I.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1984 The New York Times Company

                             197 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

                   October 16, 1993, Saturday, WEEKLY EDITION

Canadian phone fraud hits U.S.

BYLINE: Reuter

SECTION: SECTION 1, NEWS; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 204 words

DATELINE: Washington, DC


Telephone fraud schemes operating from Canada and other foreign countries are
stealing millions of dollars from U.S. residents, a Senate hearing was told
Friday.

''With modern technology, these swindlers can pick your pocket in your own home
while sitting in another country out of the reach of U.S. law enforcement,''
Senator Joseph Lieberman, a Connecticut Democratic, told the governmental
affairs committee hearing.

Many telemarketing fraud operations moved out of the U.S. when laws and
enforcement were tightened, said Christian White of the Federal Trade
Commission.

He estimated total telemarketing fraud in the U.S. at up to US$40 billion a
year.

Two major frauds operating from the Toronto area involved sales of indium, a
metal used in bearings, and gemstones, according to John Barker, director of the
private National Fraud Information Center.

''Our current estimate of losses due to fraud emanating from Canada alone
exceeds US$60 million a year,'' he said.

Contracts to buy indium, which is worth less than $5 an ounce, are being sold to
investors at US$40-US$70 an ounce, Barker said. Funds are sent by bank transfers
or private delivery services to avoid U.S. mail fraud laws.


LOAD-DATE: November 5, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: APPOINTMENT NOTICE

                       Copyright 1993 Financial Post Ltd.

                             198 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Web Site Tracking Fraud at Midwest Banks

                            July 10, 2003, Thursday

BY BEN JACKSON



Midwestern bankers and law enforcement officials have a new tool for tracking
robbers, hackers, check kiters, and other financial criminals.

An anti-crime Web site, www.fincrime.com, went live July 1. It was developed by
banking associations in 10 states and law enforcement agencies and is being run
by the Iowa Bankers Association.

Participating banks that think they have been targeted are supposed to submit
relevant information -- including document images and even pictures from
surveillance cameras. The site will alert law enforcement officials and other
banks by e-mail and build a database.

John Sorensen, the Iowa trade group's president and chief executive officer,
said rising crime prompted banks to consider ways of sharing information to stop
serial criminals. "The incidence of fraud continues to grow year by year," Mr.
Sorensen said.

Iowa banks seem to be experiencing less check fraud lately but more consumer
loan fraud. After reporting 105 check incidents in 2001 they racked up only 78
in the first 10 months of last year, according to the latest figures from the
Treasury Department's Financial Crimes Enforcement Network. But reports of
consumer loan fraud rose from 17 in all of 2001 to 35 through last October.

Nationwide, fraud losses for all industries have jumped 50% since 1996, to $600
billion last year, according to a survey by the Association of Certified Fraud
Examiners in Austin.

The new program in Iowa, Indiana, Kansas, Minnesota, Missouri, Nebraska, North
Dakota, Ohio, South Dakota, and Wisconsin is similar to one the Florida Bankers
Association set up in April of last year. Thomas Kerr, that group's chief
financial officer, said anecdotal evidence from banks and law enforcement
suggests that it has helped reduce fraud, though no statistics are available.

The Iowa trade group launched a far less sophisticated version of the new site
about six years ago, for Iowa banks only. Steven J. Looney, the group's vice
president of information technology, said it decided to upgrade the site and
make it available to out-of-state banks nine months ago, after an interstate
meeting.

At one point the midwestern trade groups talked about participating in Florida's
program, said Jim Maag, the executive vice president of the Kansas Bankers
Association. "We looked hard at the Florida system," he said, but "based on what
the Iowa Bankers already had in place, we thought it was more feasible for the
central states to develop their own system."

The 10 trade groups are publicizing the site to their members through direct
mail and demonstrations at state meetings. They will also ask credit union
leagues to participate, because credit unions face similar crimes, Mr. Sorensen
said.

"The intent of everyone is to provide it as an additional service to their
members," though the state associations will charge a fee to nonmember banks and
credit unions, he said.

In its first week of operation the new site signed up only Iowa banks -- 50 of
them, which joined the 100 or so registered on the older site -- Mr. Looney
said. Now about 10 banks a day, mostly from Wisconsin and Ohio, are signing up,
he said Wednesday.

Toby J.F. Bishop, the president and CEO of the Association of Certified Fraud
Examiners, said fraud is rising because lax enforcement and technology make it
easier. Though sites such as fincrime.com can combat repeat offenders, they are
not a panacea, he said.

"They are still a reactive technique, and it is important not to lose sight of
fraud prevention as the key goal." ?

Copyright 2003 Thomson Media Inc. All Rights Reserved.
http://www.thomsonmedia.com http://www.americanbanker.com

SECTION: COMMUNITY BANKING; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 612 words

LOAD-DATE: July 9, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo, Sorensen

                      Copyright 2003 American Banker, Inc.

                             199 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                           November 13, 2014 Thursday

Attorney and real estate developers sentenced in mortgage fraud case

LENGTH: 994  words


United States Attorney Thomas G. Walker announced that Senior United States
District Judge Malcolm J. Howard sentenced numerous participants in a Wilmington
area mortgage fraud scheme to prison. Senior Judge Howard also collectively
ordered more than $1 Million in restitution judgments against the defendants.
Those sentenced by the Court included a real estate closing attorney, two
developers, and another conspirator.


United States Attorney Thomas G. Walker stated, "This is the second time within
a month that courts of this district have sent attorneys and other real estate
professionals to prison for mortgage fraud. Through these and other prosecutions
the message should be absolutely clear. If you commit mortgage fraud, you will
face time in prison."
"Mortgage fraud is an incredibly destructive crime, where borrowers are burdened
with bad loans, lenders insignificant losses, and neighborhoods are often
destroyed through abandoned homes and rapidly declining property values" said
Thomas J. Holloman, III, Special Agent in Charge, IRS Criminal Investigation.
"Today's sentencing of these defendants, delivers
the message that we along with our law enforcement partners will not stand by
idly while criminals enrich themselves, through victimizing others."
The sentencings in Greenville Wednesday involved four participants in the
Wilmington-area mortgage fraud scheme, including developer Justin Lee Rooks, 33,
of Loris, South Carolina; developer Michael Thomas Bartlett, 48, of Myrtle
Beach, South Carolina; closing attorney Robert Harold Melville, JR., 52, of Lake
Waccamaw; and Anthony Michael Tew, 33, of Conway, South Carolina. On December
11, 2012, Rooks and Bartlett plead guilty to Conspiracy to Commit Mail, Wire,
and Bank Fraud, in violation of Title 18, United States Code, Section 1349.
Melville plead guilty to Conspiracy to Commit Bank and Wire Fraud, in violation
of Title 18, United States Code, Section 1349.
The charging documents in these cases collectively allege that between May of
2004 and August of 2008, Rooks, Bartlett, and others conspired to defraud banks
and lenders in connection with the purchase, development, and resale of
properties in Columbus, Brunswick, and New Hanover counties. It is further
alleged that the conspirators solicited individuals at seminars in Raleigh and
elsewhere to allow construction loans to be obtained in their names for the
benefit of the conspirators in exchange for cash.
The conspirators told the buyers that the buyers would not have to make a down
payment or interest payments on the loans, and that the properties purchased in
their names would be sold within twelve months. Tew and other conspirators also
posted signs which included such representations as, "easy financing" and "no
down payment required," even though the buyer/borrowers were generally required
to make down payments at the time of the closings. The buyers were told that if
properties could not be sold in twelve months, the conspirators would buy the
properties back.  The conspirators told the buyers that the buyers would not
have to make a down payment or interest payments on the loans, and that the
properties purchased in their names would be sold within twelve months. Tew and
other conspirators also posted signs which included such representations as,
"easy financing" and "no down payment required," even though the buyer/borrowers
were generally required to make down payments at the time of the closings. The
buyers were told that if properties could not be sold in twelve months, the
conspirators would buy the properties back.
The conspirators in fact enticed the buyers to participate in the transactions
and engaged in various actions to make it appear to the banks and lenders that
the buyers were qualified for the loans. The charges allege that Tew and other
conspirators deposited money into the bank accounts of the buyers to make it
appear that they had sufficient assets to
conduct the transactions.
To close the loans, the conspirators also referred the buyers to Melville, who
was at that time a North Carolina attorney who practiced real estate law.
Melville participated in the conspiracy by engaging in actions that made it
appear to the banks and lenders that the buyers had given down payment money at
the time of closing when, in fact, the buyers did not bring such money.
The banks and lenders who loaned funds to the buyers were not informed of the
cash kickbacks to the buyers by the conspirators. The banks and lenders were
also not informed that the buyers did not in fact have the cash to close the
transactions, and that the down payment money, if any, was provided by the
conspirators.
Ultimately, according to the charging documents, the conspirators were unable to
sell many of the properties purchased in the names of the buyers. The buyers did
not have the means to repay all of the loans obtained in the names of the buyers
and, as a result, many of the loans went into default. The banks and lenders
were forced to sell the properties at a substantial loss.
Wednesday, Senior District Judge Howard sentenced Melville to serve 31 months in
prison, 3 years of supervised release, and further ordered him to pay $1,333,020
in restitution. Senior Judge Howard sentenced Rooks to serve 30 months in
prison, 5 years of supervised release, and further ordered him to pay $1,766,511
in restitution. Senior Judge Howard sentenced Bartlett to serve 24 months in
prison, 5 years of supervised release, and further ordered him to pay $1,333,020
in restitution.
Senior Judge Howard sentenced Tew to serve 18 months in prison, 3 years of
supervised release, and further ordered him to pay $883,420 in restitution.
Investigation of this case was conducted by the Internal Revenue Service
Criminal Investigation with the assistance of the Federal Bureau of
Investigation. Assistant United States Attorney William M. Gilmore represented
the United States. 2014 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2014 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved

                             200 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                             May 28, 2011 Saturday

Unemployment fraud cases more than double;
In the past 5 years, an increasing number of workers collected benefits while
working.

BYLINE: By Randy Tucker Staff Writer

SECTION: MAIN; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 772 words


DAYTON - Ohio cases of unemployment insurance fraud have more than doubled since
the recession began as an increasing number of claimants continue to collect
benefits even after they return to work.

The state has recovered more than $42 million in improper payouts during the
past five years, mostly from workers who lied about their employment status on
unemployment benefits claims, said Ben Johnson, a spokesman for the Ohio
Department of Job and Family Services.

"There are certainly more elaborate ways in which people attempt to defraud the
system," Johnson said. "But the most common way is that someone who is
legitimately receiving unemployment benefits gets a job and is required to
notify us that they are no longer unemployed, but they do not."

Last year, the state recovered about $10 million in fraudulent payments, which
was a small fraction of the $5 billion in total state and federal unemployment
benefits paid to displaced Ohio workers.

But fraud has become an increasingly burdensome drag on the state's unemployment
compensation trust fund, which has already been forced to borrow money to keep
up with payouts and still owes the federal government $2.6 billion, Johnson
said.

"We don't think fraud is endemic in the system," he said. "But we're not so
naive to think that fraud is not a problem, and we want to root it out because
fraud jeopardizes the program for people who really need it."

Ohio is not alone.

Unemployment fraud is so widespread that the U.S. Department of Labor has formed
a task force to address the problem.

Ohio is one of 11 "high-impact'' states - or states with the highest dollar
amount of improper payments - participating in the task force, said Johnson, who
noted the task force is part of a broader federal effort to reduce erroneous
Medicaid, unemployment and food stamp payments.

"We are engaged with other states in focusing on how to reduce payments made
after a claimant returns to work ... and how to reduce improper payments that
stem from separation adjudications," he said, referring to cases in which, for
example, claimants lie about their eligibility by saying they were laid off when
in fact they were fired for cause or quit.

Johnson said it's no coincidence that in addition to Ohio the task force is
comprised of states with some of the highest unemployment rates in the country,
including California, New York, Pennsylvania, Illinois, Michigan, Florida, North
Carolina, Texas, New Jersey and Wisconsin.

"Fraud increases and decreases along with the total number of claimants in the
system,'' he said. "We have seen an increase in the total amount of fraud as the
number of people claiming benefits has increased, but we have not seen an
increase in the rate of fraud."

Still, the exploding case load of more than 300,000 people who claimed
unemployment benefits last year has led the Ohio jobs department to boost the
number of workers on its benefit payment control staff from 39 to 47 this year.

Investigators cross-reference new hires, tax records and other employment data
reported to the state with the identities of people receiving unemployment
benefits. They also rely heavily on tips from the public, which can be phoned in
at (800) 686-1555.

But the sheer number of cases that come under review often allow scam artists to
collect payments for weeks before they're caught, and some are never identified.

"We don't catch everyone," Johnson said. "But when we find out people have been
defrauding the system, that's not something that we forgive. We pursue
collections with whatever means are available to us."

Once state officials identify a person receiving improper payments, their first
step is to simply ask for the money back, Johnson said.

"If they repay the money, it never goes to the attorney general," said Johnson,
whose office is responsible for collection.

A spokesman for Ohio Attorney General Mike DeWine's office declined to discuss
the state's collection efforts, which he described as confidential.

However, he said if repeated collection efforts fail, the attorney general's
office will refer those cases to local prosecutors.

Statewide, 150 people were successfully prosecuted for unemployment insurance
fraud last year, according to the ODJFS.

Those cases in which fraudulent claims totaled $500 or more would be considered
felony offenses carrying sentences ranging from six months to five years in
jail, according to Greg Flannagan, a spokesman for the Montgomery County
Prosecutor's Office, who said local prosecutors couldn't recall any recent cases
of unemployment insurance fraud.

Contact this reporter at (937) 225-2437 or rtucker@Dayton DailyNews.com.

LOAD-DATE: May 31, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.

                             201 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                            January 19, 1988 Tuesday
                                  Late Edition

US NATIONAL TASK FORCE TO SEEK OUT SECURITIES FRAUD

BYLINE: Source: The New York Times

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 33

LENGTH: 618 words


WASHINGTON: Concerned that insider trading and other crimes are going
unpunished, the Justice Department and several regulatory agencies are planning
a national task force to seek out securities fraud cases, concentrating on
several large cities outside New York.

Agencies joining the task force, including the Securities and Exchange
Commission, are said to hope that a concerted effort will produce important
prosecutions in Chicago, Los Angeles, San Francisco, Miami, Denver, Salt Lake
City and other cities with large business communities or finance dealings.

The idea, law enforcement officials say, is to take the knowledge developed in
several recent securities cases (including the insider-trading prosecution of
Ivan F. Boesky in New York) and share it with Federal investigators.

They say there is concern that, because law enforcement agents and prosecutors
lack expertise and resources, important securities fraud investigations are not
being pursued.

The task force would work to overcome poor communication and rivalries among
agencies that investigate securities fraud.

Mr William Weld, the Assistant Attorney-General who oversees the Justice
Department's criminal division, said: "I won't say these crimes have been
under-prosecuted, but I'd like to see the expertise applied in other cities."

Another Federal law enforcement official who asked not to be named said:
"There's a fear that we're missing a lot of good securities cases -particularly
insider trading."

Officials say insider trading will be a major priority of the task force and
that its members will review the Government's strategy against other securities
swindles, including stock-pricing schemes.

While the Justice Department and other agencies must still give final approval
to creation of the task force, officials sounded confident the group would be in
operation soon.

The group, which does not yet have a name, is being modelled on a Federal task
force set up in 1985 to combat an epidemic of bank fraud.

That task force, called the Interagency Bank Fraud Working Group, is regarded by
law enforcement officers as a success. It includes representatives of the
Justice Department, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, the Federal Reserve
System and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation.

The bank task force has been given credit for several large prosecutions,
including a recent case in Dallas, in which six people were accused of a $100
million ($A142.85 million) conspiracy to defraud a group of savings and loan
associations in Texas and Arkansas.

The new securities task force is expected to include representatives of the
fraud section of the Justice Department, the FBI, the SEC, the Commodity Futures
Trading Commission and other Federal agencies that investigate securities
crimes.

Mr William Hendricks, chief of the Justice Department's fraud section, says the
task force will help overcome what is believed to be a "great disparity"in the
ability of Federal investigators in different parts of the country to prosecute
usually complicated securities crimes.

Traditionally the US Attorney's Office in Manhattan has been responsible for a
large share of securities fraud cases, often focusing on defendants working in
New York's finance community.

"But New York is not the only place in the world where a securities violation
takes place," Mr Hendricks says. "And Chicago is not the only place in the world
where a commodities violation can take place."

He says the task force, by promoting co-operation among Federal agencies, will
be able to move money and investigators quickly to regions where they may be
most needed. And the panel, he says, is expected to sponsor legislation to ease
the prosecution of securities fraud.

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Port: Mr Boesky ... prosecuted recently on insider trading charges.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 1988 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved

                             202 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                April 26, 1987, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

THE NATION;
Representative Ford Indicted

BYLINE: By CAROLINE RAND HERRON AND MARTHA A. MILES

SECTION: Section 4; Page 4, Column 2; Week in Review Desk

LENGTH: 211 words


The Butcher brothers, the financiers whose now collapsed empire once included 27
financial institutions in Tennessee and Kentucky, never hesitated to think big.
Neither, according to Federal prosecutors, did Representative Harold E. Ford, a
Memphis Democrat.

Last week, a grand jury in Knoxville indicted Mr. Ford, a former mortician, on
charges of conspiring to commit mail, bank and tax fraud with C. H. Butcher Jr.,
previously indicted for bankruptcy fraud, and Jacob F. Butcher, who is serving a
20-year term for bank fraud. The purpose, last week's indictment said, was to
permit Mr. Ford ''an extravagant and lavish lifestyle, well above his personal
means,'' while enabling the Butchers to use Mr. Ford's influence ''for their
personal, political and business purposes.''

According to the 19-count indictment, from September 1976 to May 1983 Mr. Ford
and corporations he held received ''loans,'' the largest of which was $350,000
in 1982, from Butcher banks. In 1978, Mr. Ford, who was first elected in 1974,
had endorsed Jake Butcher in his unsuccessful gubernatorial bid.

Mr. Ford, who has denied wrongdoing, is chairman of the House Ways and Means
subcommittee on public assistance and has been central to Democratic planning on
welfare revision.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1987 The New York Times Company

                             203 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                          November 12, 2008 Wednesday
                                  Main Edition

FATHER, SON GUILTY OF FRAUD, MONEY LAUNDERING;
Pair bilked customers out of thousands of dollars;

BYLINE: Bill Morlin Staff writer

SECTION: B; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 501 words


A father and son were convicted Tuesday in Spokane of multiple counts of money
laundering and fraud for taking money from customers around the world but not
delivering promised industrial parts.

After a three-week trial, Frederick M. Simon, 44, and his father, Manfred O.
Simon, 81, were found guilty by a U.S. District Court jury that returned its
Veterans Day verdict in the downtown federal courthouse, which was otherwise
closed in observance of the holiday.

The FBI investigated the case in which victims lost a combined total approaching
$500,000.

Frederick Simon, who has lived in Spokane, Kalispell, Mont., and Indianapolis,
was convicted on charges of conspiracy to commit wire and mail fraud, five
counts of money laundering, eight counts of mail fraud and 11 counts of wire
fraud.

Manfred Simon, who lives in Spokane, was convicted of conspiracy, eight counts
of mail fraud and five counts of money laundering. He was found not guilty of
one count of wire fraud.

Senior U.S. District Court Judge Frem Nielsen set Feb. 10 as the sentencing date
for both men.

The elder Simon, who has been free without bond, was allowed to remain out of
jail until sentencing. His son will remain in federal custody, the judge ruled.

Frederick Simon was indicted in Montana and convicted in Spokane in October 2007
on a single federal wire fraud charge tied to similar fraudulent business
activity. He also will be sentenced in February for that conviction, the judge
said.

The Simons were corporate officers of Railway Logistic International Inc., which
maintained a bank account in Spokane and used an Internet site to sell and buy
railway and industrial components and equipment around the world.

The company was incorporated in Montana in 2002 and reincorporated in Delaware
in 2004, court documents say.

Although it billed itself as a global company with offices in multiple
countries, a large inventory, a remanufacturing facility and trained personnel
who could respond to the customer's location, RLI "actually had practically no
capital resources, very little inventory, no remanufacturing facility and no
trained service personnel," court documents said.

Special Assistant U.S. Attorney Thomas Hopkins prosecuted the case, calling 60
witnesses, including 13 residents of nine countries, including Spain, Germany,
Kuwait, Mexico and United Arab Emirates.

The foreigners were under no legal obligation to respond to the witness
subpoenas issued by a U.S. court, but all voluntarily responded and traveled to
Spokane to testify.

A German businessman told an FBI agent he viewed it as "his duty" to testify for
the U.S. government because as a small child in post-World War II Germany he
remembers his family members being given chocolate bars and milk by American
soldiers.

Neither of the defendants took the stand during the trial and no defense
witnesses were called by defense attorney Frank Cikutovich, who represented
Manfred Simon, or assistant public defender Joshua Rosen, representing Frederick
Simon.

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2008 Spokane Spokesman-Review

                             204 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     March 24, 1992, Tuesday, Final Edition

50 FBI Agents Aimed At Health Care Fraud

Sally Squires

SECTION: HEALTH; PAGE Z5; THE CUTTING EDGE

LENGTH: 248 words


The Federal Bureau of Investigation is shifting 50 agents from
counter-intelligence and counter-espionage to health care fraud duties in 12
cities.

"Our intent is to direct increased resources toward identifying the
unscrupulous," said FBI Director William S. Sessions in announcing the creation
of the fraud unit last month. "We'll target corrupt medical providers with every
investigative technique in our arsenal."

The effort will focus on federal programs such as Medicare and Medicaid, as well
as companies, hospitals and patients in the private sector.

The FBI began investigating health care fraud in the 1970s, but a decade later
diverted resources to fight drugs and investigate the savings and loan industry.
Since 1989, however, it has increased by 50 percent the number of agents
assigned to the health field.

The bureau spent $ 9.3 million against health care fraud in 1991, compared with
$ 4.2 million in 1989, according to a recent FBI report. The latest shift means
that a total of 140 agents will be working in that capacity throughout the
country, said Richard B. Wade, unit chief for governmental fraud, part of the
FBI's White-Collar Crimes Section.

Wade said agents will include doctors, nurses, hospital administrators,
pharmacists and health insurance claims personnel, and will be assigned to
special squads in Baltimore, Charlotte, N.C., Chicago, Dallas, Detroit, Las
Vegas, Nev., Los Angeles, Miami, Newark, New Orleans, New York and Philadelphia.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS

                       Copyright 1992 The Washington Post

                             205 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Florida Times-Union (Jacksonville)

                              May 30, 2008 Friday

3 get prison for workers comp fraud;
The businessmen will also forfeit $75 million in assets in the insurance fraud
case.

BYLINE: PAUL PINKHAM

SECTION: Pg. B-1

LENGTH: 583 words


Three business owners who cheated millions of U.S. workers out of insurance
benefits were sentenced to a total of 55 years in prison by a Jacksonville judge
Thursday in what one investigator called Florida's biggest insurance fraud case.

U.S. District Judge Virginia Hernandez Covington also ordered the men to forfeit
$75 million in assets to the government to partially repay their victims. She
said she was "repulsed" by the crimes and hopes the sentences send a message to
the business community that fraud won't be tolerated.

"Greed got the better of you," Covington told the defendants, all in their 50s.

In February, after a five-week trial, jurors convicted Donald Edward Touchet,
Richard E. Standridge and Robert J. Jennings of mail fraud, wire fraud and money
laundering.

Prosecutors said the men used sham insurance companies to defraud tens of
thousands of small business owners into paying premiums for nonexistent workers
comp coverage. Five of the victimized businesses were in Jacksonville.

As a result, millions of workers were left without insurance, and some suffered
catastrophic financial setbacks, said Assistant U.S. Attorney Mark Devereaux.
They included a Missouri man who lost both legs in a construction accident and
was only able to get one replaced because the insurance, which he thought he
had, never paid for the first one.

Another victim, a Lake Butler trucker, suffered brain damage from a job accident
but got no salary or hospitalization benefits. He lost his home and his
marriage, according to trial testimony.

Covington sentenced Touchet, 54, of El Cajon, Calif., to 22 years in prison and
ordered him to forfeit $35 million and property in San Diego County, Calif., to
the government.

Standridge, 59, a Tempe, Ariz., physician, was sentenced to 18 years in prison
and ordered to forfeit $19 million, a $400,000 bank account and four vehicles.

Jennings, 59, of Danville, Ill., was sentenced to 15 years and ordered to
forfeit $21 million, property in Danville and a motor vehicle. He is dying of
cancer, his lawyer said.

Fourteen people have been convicted in the insurance scam, which FBI Special
Agent Doug Mathews called the biggest ever in Florida. A 15th defendant is at
large in England, and another died while under investigation. Devereaux said
prosecutors are proceeding with forfeiture against his New Jersey employee
leasing company.

The national FBI investigation spun out of the Jacksonville prosecution of
Thomas King, president of the Jacksonville employee leasing firm Miralink Group,
which collapsed in 2002. King is serving a 14-year sentence.

Touchet owned a California employee leasing firm, Jennings ran an administrative
services company and Standridge operated several medical corporations. They
provided the administrative functions of the sham insurance that King and others
purchased, Devereaux said.

In court Thursday, the three men claimed to have been victims themselves, but
Covington didn't buy it.

"I don't think this had to do with being naive," she said. "I think this had to
do with being greedy."

Although all three said they sympathized with the victims, Devereaux said their
actions and testimony at trial show differently.

"You don't get any more serious of a white-collar crime," he told Covington.
"This is almost like an Enron where people's life savings are gone, and they
[the defendants] just don't care. ... The amount of loss here is absolutely
tremendous."

The defendants plan to appeal.

paul.pinkham@jacksonville.com, (904) 359-4107

LOAD-DATE: May 30, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2008 The Florida Times-Union

                             206 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Oklahoman

                            March 27, 2004 Saturday
                                  City Edition

City attorney charged with fraud;
Indictment also names seven others

BYLINE: Nick Trougakos, Staff Writer

SECTION: METRO III; Pg. 19A

LENGTH: 335 words


An Oklahoma attorney was charged Friday in a 54-count, eight-defendant federal
indictment alleging a $45 million health insurance fraud scheme.

The indictment, filed in federal court in Houston, names John Anthony Claro, 52,
of Oklahoma City.

Claro and the other defendants face a variety of charges, including conspiracy,
mail fraud, wire fraud, money laundering and conducting transactions with
criminally derived proceeds.

The scheme is alleged to have been carried out from 1996 to September.

The defendants, acting as third-party insurance administrators, solicited
premium payments from employee health care benefits programs in 10 states,
including Oklahoma, Texas, Arkansas and Colorado, the indictment states.

Employers were told that their health care claims would be paid by offshore
insurance companies, and that the premiums would cost less because the offshore
companies didn't have to comply with expensive state regulations, the indictment
states.

According to the indictment, the offshore companies were not authorized to
conduct business in the United States, and more than $13 million in claims were
not paid.

Claro is charged specifically with helping to incorporate or locate the offshore
companies used in the scheme.

Also named in the indictment are Jack Ferguson, 36, of China Spring, Texas; Milt
Wilkinson, 59, of Houston; Gary Hoskie, 54, of Fort Pierce, Fla.; Scott
Glidewell, 34, and Jim Glidewell, 64, both of Memphis, Tenn.; Euan McNicoll, 41,
of Scotland; and Mike Reeve of England.

All six American defendants have been arrested. Authorities will seek
extradition of McNicoll and Reeve.

The defendants face maximum 20-year prison sentences if convicted on the
conspiracy or money-laundering charges, 10-year sentences on the illegal
transaction counts and five-year sentences on the mail fraud charges.

Claro, who made an initial appearance in Oklahoma City federal court Friday
afternoon, was released on a $100,000 cash bond.

The attorney has an April 12 court hearing scheduled in Houston.

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2004 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved

                             207 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                            March 18, 2009 Wednesday
                                 THIRD EDITION

Mortgage fraud soaring; Missouri, Illinois in top 10 Prosecutions, too, are up
around the St. Louis area.

BYLINE: By Tim Logan ST. LOUIS POST-DISPATCH

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 484 words

DATELINE: 0


Even as the mortgage market plunged last year, reports of mortgage fraud hit an
all-time high, according to a study released this week. And few places saw more
of it than Illinois and Missouri.

Both states ranked in the top 10 for fraud cases in 2008, according to the
Mortgage Asset Research Institute, and saw sharp jumps from the year before.
Nationwide, fraud incidents climbed 26 percent, despite, or perhaps because of,
increased scrutiny of lending habits.

There has been definitely more investigation of fraud as the mortgage crisis has
deepened, law enforcement and banking experts say, and prosecutions are up in
the St. Louis area, said Catherine Hanaway, U.S. Attorney for Eastern Missouri.
Meanwhile the tough credit market has made it harder to get a loan, perhaps
pushing more people to lie on applications.

"The data suggests that the economic downturn may have created more desperation,
causing more people than ever before to try to commit mortgage fraud," said
Denise James, who helped author the institute's report.

Whatever the motivation, fraud has a big impact on neighborhoods. Many
fraudulent mortgages end up in foreclosure, experts say, especially since it has
become harder to sell or refinance properties to avoid a bank takeover. Those
foreclosures, especially if there are several on a block, hurt the neighbors.

"It's devastating," said Hanaway, who last fall launched a task force to combat
mortgage fraud in the St. Louis area. "Property values around a foreclosed house
decline, and the longer it's vacant, the more rapidly they decline."

The leading cause of fraud last year, as usual, was falsified loan applications,
but there are other factors, too. In Missouri, 29 percent of cases involved
appraisal fraud, in which an appraiser overestimates a property's value so
someone can borrow more than they should for it and pocket the extra cash.

People who have investigated mortgage fraud here say that is a particular
problem in parts of the city of St. Louis, where house values can vary widely
within a few blocks. The value of a beat-up vacant house can be inflated by a
pricey piece of property a half-mile away. It happens most in areas that have
already seen lots of foreclosure, neighborhood experts say, and drags them down.

"The biggest vehicle for this is using already-foreclosed property," said Gerry
Connolly, a south St. Louis real estate agent who studies local fraud cases.
"You have an area with a number of foreclosures, and the fraud kind of
accelerates and triggers more of it."

The report also said banks and investigators are seeing more fraud related to
foreclosure prevention schemes and identity theft, particularly targeted at the
elderly and immigrant groups.

Top 10 states for mortgage fraud, 2008

1. Rhode Island

2. Florida

3. Illinois

4. Georgia

5. Maryland

6. New York

7. Michigan

8. California

9. Missouri

10. Colorado

Source: Mortgage Asset Research Institute

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2009 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             208 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                           October 11, 2008 Saturday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Mortgage Fraud Brings 9-Year Term

BYLINE: SHANNON BEHNKEN, sbehnken@tampatrib.com

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 355 words


By SHANNON BEHNKEN

sbehnken@tampatrib.com

TAMPA - A former employee for a subsidiary of one of the nation's largest
subprime lenders was sentenced Friday in Polk County to nine years in prison for
a mortgage fraud scheme that spanned four counties in the Bay area.

Samuel Green, 28, a former manager for New York-based Argent Mortgage Co., was
involved in a two-year operation that involved bad loans in Hillsborough, Lee,
Pinellas and Polk counties, the Florida attorney general's office said. Green
and five co-defendants, including former Vice President Orson Benn, and Scott
Almeida, a mortgage broker, were prosecuted by the attorney general's Office of
Statewide Prosecution.

Almeida and his associates secured mortgages for homeowners to finance home
repairs by submitting fraudulent documents to Argent Mortgage Co., prosecutors
said. Green, as a manager for Argent, approved or oversaw the approval of some
of the fraudulent loan applications. Nearly 130 fraudulent loans valued at $13
million were submitted to Argent.

Green was charged with racketeering and conspiracy to commit racketeering and
was found guilty Aug. 28.

It took three years to complete the investigation, which began when victims
complained of incomplete or substandard construction work being performed by
construction companies affiliated with the group.

The joint investigation was conducted by the Office of Statewide Prosecution,
the Florida Department of Law Enforcement, the Hillsborough County Consumer
Protection Agency, the Tampa Police Department and the Pinellas County
Department of Justice and Consumer Services.

Almeida pleaded guilty in October 2007 and was sentenced to 10 years in prison.
Benn was convicted by a jury in July and was sentenced in September to 18 years
in prison.

Co-defendant Bradford Peck pleaded guilty and was sentenced to eight years in
prison. Co-defendants Frank Giffone and Adrienne White pleaded guilty and were
each sentenced to five years in prison.

Reporter Shannon Behnken can reached at (813) 259-7804.

Copyright © 2008, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2008 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune

                             209 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Credit Union Journal

                               September 20, 2010

Worth Noting

SECTION: GENERAL NEWS; Pg. 3 Vol. 14 No. 38

LENGTH: 827  words


Former CUNA Chair, Eugene, Dies

NORFOLK, Va.-Former CUNA Chairman Christie Eugene, 82, has died. Mr. Eugene was
active in CUs for 61 years, including serving as CUNA chair from 1991-93 and 13
years on the CUNA board. Eugene began leading Norfolk Fire Department FCU in
1948, before retiring in 2002, and then remaining as treasurer. Eugene also held
numerous volunteer positions with the Virginia league, from which he received
the James P. Kirsch Lifetime Achievement Award in 2006. In 2009, he was inducted
into the national CU House of Leaders.

CUNA, NAFCU Make Nominations

WASHINGTON-CUNA has nominated Mike Long, chief credit officer with UW CU,
Madison, Wis., to serve on the Federal Reserve's Consumer Advisory Council, and
re-nominated Alan Cameron, CEO of the Idaho league, to continue serving on the
council. NAFCU nominated Daniel Berry of Duke University FCU and Issa Elias
Stephan of First Financial FCU for positions on the CAC.

CSCU Hosting Three Fraud Webcasts

CLEARWATER, Fla.-Card Services for Credit Unions is launching a three-part "
Fraud Prevention Webcast Series" that is open to all CUs and which it says is
designed to offer a tune-up" to CU fraud-fighting efforts. Sessions are
scheduled for: Sept. 21, "Fighting Fraud Today-Fraud Trends 2010" (1 hour); Oct.
13, "The Fraud Squad" (90 minutes) and Nov. 17, "Optimize Your Fraud Prevention
Engine- Fraud Tune-Up Tips" (90 minutes).

For info: www.cscu.net.

Poll Links CUs, Candidate Support

WASHINGTON-CUNA has released what it said is an "overwhelmingly positive
response" by voters in a poll that indicates they would support a candidate who
fights against banks and makes it possible for credit unions to provide loans to
small businesses in their respective communities. The CUNA-sponsored poll,
conducted by Frederick Polls of Arlington, Va. and Voter/Consumer Research of
Washington, found that no fewer than three-in-five voters in separate polls of
voters in eight congressional districts around the country said they would have
a "positive reaction" to a candidate opposing bank interests and supporting
expanded CU MBL authority.

SECU Gives Members 'Another Chance'

RALEIGH, N.C.-State Employees' CU is offering members "Another Chance" when it
comes to NSF fees and returned check charges. Another Chance sends checking
account-holders a text or other message whenever a potential NSF might occur. If
members make a deposit by the end of the business day, no NSF fee is charged.
SECU offers "NSF Fee Free Days," meanwhile, waive any $12 NSF fees the member
may incur on two days each year.

For info: www.nsecu.org.

Ireland's CUs Get Warning

DUBLIN, Ireland-Ireland's chief regulator has warned this country's CUs they can
no longer continue paying overly generous dividends on member savings. James
O'Brien, the country's registrar of CUs, said falling income levels and higher
loan losses mean many CUs must rethink their pricing, and that the regulator
will be taking a more aggressive posture in monitoring CUs.

Assenmacher To Retire From MCCCU

MONROE, Mich.-Monroe County Community CU President/CEO Paul Assenmacher said he
will retire on April 1, 2011 after nearly 40 years with MCCCU. During his
tenure, the CU grew from eight employees, approximately 2,800 members and $4
million in assets, to 68 employees, more than 30,000 members and $143 million in
assets. Current EVP/COO Mike Newman has been named to succeed Assenmacher.

Discovery Conference To Be Held Online

MADISON, Wis.-CUNA Mutual Group's said it will, for the first time, host its
2010 Discovery Conference online on Nov. 3. Registration is free for the
day-long event, which will include opportunities for networking via chat rooms,
an exhibit hall, and prizes. Registration will open Sept. 27 at
www.cunamutual.com/discoveryonline.

Michigan CUs Post Positive Numbers

LANSING, Mich.-Michigan credit unions showed continued growth in the second
quarter, reporting strong net worth, lending, and membership gains, according to
CUNA and NCUA data. During Q2, 15,000 additional members have joined CUs,
earnings averaged 0.3%, the average net worth ratio is 10.7%, lending grew 1.2%
(led by used auto loans), and commercial loans were up 17.7%.

White Paper Examines Grant Process

MADISON, Wis.-Why don't more credit unions apply for grants? A new white paper
seeks to make the grant application process less intimidating. Released by the
CUNA Marketing & Business Development Council, "Writing Grants Right: Extend
Your Outreach-and Budget" demystifies the "grant-writing process and offers
practical recommendations on where to look for funding, how to cultivate
relationships with grant-makers, and how to craft a winning application."

For info: www.cunacouncils.org and select the "Marketing & BizDev" tab.

NAFCU Webcast For Directors

WASHINGTON-NAFCU will host a webcast on Sept. 29 titled, "Fiduciary Duties: The
Changing Landscape for Credit Union Directors" from 2-3:30 p.m. EDT.

For info: 800-344-5580, www.nafcu.org/FiduciaryDuties.

URL: http://www.cujournal.com/

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter

JOURNAL-CODE: CUJ


                        Copyright 2010 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             210 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

             February 18, 1987, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

16 LAROUCHE AIDES INDICTED FOR FRAUD

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section A; Page 21, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 616 words

DATELINE: LEESBURG, Va., Feb. 17


A Virginia grand jury today indicted 16 followers of Lyndon H. LaRouche Jr., the
conspiracy theorist, on securities fraud and other felony charges.

A state prosecutor said the charges stemmed from the sale of notes and other
securities on behalf of organizations related to Mr. LaRouche and involved part
of about $30 million that had been fraudulently raised over several years around
the country.

Also indicted were five organizattions related to Mr. Larouche, the authorities
said.

Mr. LaRouche himself was not charged, they said.

The state and city police and Loudoun County Sheriff's deputies began arresting
the LaRouche followers this evening at their homes and at the LaRouche
headquarters in Leesburg, about 30 miles outside Washington.

Dana Scanlon, a spokeswoman for Mr. LaRouche, charged that the arrests were part
of a ''political vendetta.''

'A Fraud of Justice'

''The only victims here are victims of a fraud of justice,'' she said, standing
outside the county jail as the LaRouche followers were brought in. The
indictments were sealed and the names of those charged were released as they
were arrested.

Lieut. Terry McCracken of the Sheriff's Department. said all 16 people were
charged with multiple counts of securities fraud, sale of unregistered
securities and the selling securities as unregistered agents.

The prosecutor for the state, William Burch, said each charge was a felony
carrying a term of 2 to 10 years in prison.

Two Federal grand juries are also investigating the LaRouche operation. A grand
jury in Boston has indicted 13 LaRouche followers, two of his 1984 Presidential
campaign committees and three other LaRouche fund-raising groups on charges of
Federal wire and mail fraud, conspiracy to obstruct justice and criminal
contempt.

A Federal grand jury in Alexandria, Va., is also investigating the LaRouche
organization, and the state authorities in New York and California have
investigations into the group under way.

In Leesburg, Mr. Burch said he did not know how much money was involved in the
charges but said investigators had found that LaRouche fund-raisers had raised
$30 million fraudulently ''through similar transactions'' over several years. He
said the transactionss involved soliciting a loan or sale of a promissory note
in which the person selling the note was not registered with the state and made
false or misleading representations.

Mr. Burch said the $30 million figure and the arrests were based on financial
records and other evidence seized by state and Federal agents in a raid at the
LaRouche headquarters last Oct. 6.

'Political Harassment'

One of those arrested, George R. Canning, said as he was brought to the jail in
handcuffs, ''It's political harassment.'' Mr. Canning is secretary of Caucus
Distributors Inc., one of the groups that raises money and distributes
publications for the LaRouche organization.

Ms. Scanlon, the LaRouche spokeswoman, described those arrested as political
fund-raisers and organizers for Mr. LaRouche. She described the arrests as part
of a government effort ''to shut down his political movement.''

Mr. LaRouche, a frequent candidate for President, espouses theories of world
conspiracies involving nuclear war, drugs and terrorism. He has said he is
running for President in 1988 as a Democrat.

The authorities said five of those indicted were thought to be outside Virginia,
including three arrested in Baltimore. They were identified as Rochelle Ascher,
Fred Haight and Keith Levitt.

Other arrested were Michael Billington, Richard E. Freeman, Martha Quinde,
Lawrence M. Hecht, Richard Welsh, Kathy B. Wolfe, Paul and Anita Gallagher and
David M. Shavin.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1987 The New York Times Company

                             211 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Daily Iowegian (Centerville, Iowa)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             June 11, 2015 Thursday

Father, son indicted with $862k in farm fraud

BYLINE: Kyle Ocker, Daily Iowegian, Centerville, Iowa

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 779 words


June 11--UNIONVILLE, Mo. -- A 15-count indictment was handed down by a federal
grand jury on Tuesday, alleging a father and son pair defrauded farmers of
nearly $862,000 in 10 states while working from Putnam County.

Mark A. Henry Sr., 50, of Cameron, Missouri, and Mark A. Henry Jr., 28, of
Lucerne, Missouri, were both charged with one count of conspiracy, seven counts
of wire fraud and seven counts of mail fraud.

According to the indictment from a Kansas City, Missouri federal grand jury,
most of the fraudulent practices related to the sale and shipment of hay. They
also had additional charges for fraudulent selling of cattle.

Court filings say from around January 2010-February 2013, that the father and
son sold poor quality hay to farmers through Craigslist, hayexchange.com and
various newspapers.

Over the time period, the two collected $3.2 million in sales of hay. They
talked with potential buyers from Missouri, Texas, Oklahoma, Iowa, Colorado,
Nebraska, Kansas, Arkansas, Wyoming and New Mexico over the phone and with
e-mails and texts.

The advertisements touted "excellent brome, orchard and timothy hay ... big
heavy bales" as well as horse quality hay. However, the grand jury alleges that
the majority of the hay sold was poor quality.

Between January 2010-October 2012, the grand jury alleges the father and son
entered contracts with the farmers, either verbally or in writing, for the sale
of hay. However, they either failed to fully fulfill the hay order or would
provided very poor quality hay.

The grand jury also alleges that the Henrys demanded pre-payment on the hay
delivery, and did not refund those who had received either poor quality hay or
who did not receive the full amount of hay they had purchased.

In addition to the sale of poor quality hay or the underfilled orders, the grand
jury charges that the father and son overcharged for hay shipping costs and
failed to pay two trucking companies a combined $57,800 even though the money
had been collected from the farmers who ordered the hay.

The hay allegedly was full of weeds, sticks, bushes, small trees, briars,
thistles and woody stems, Conservation Reserve Program hay, moldy hay and hay of
low feed value, according to the indictment.

The indictment states that the hay hauling was advertised at $2.50, per load,
per mile. However, the Henrys charged up to 40 percent more than that amount.
The grand jury charges that the father and son owe $53,400 to Glaser Trucking
Service and $4,400 to Action Transit Company.

According to grand jury findings, the duo defrauded 58 individuals for a total
loss of over $600,000.

One individual in Hobbs, New Mexico is said to have losses of $195,975 because
of the father and son hay scheme. The indictment, which lists the victim as K.
Goff, says the two came into contact after the victim saw an internet
advertisement. Henry Jr. showed Goff 100-200 bales of hay, and Goff signed a
written contract with Henry Jr. to purchase 6,000 bales of hay with $2.50 per
mile in hauling.

On Sept. 2, 2011, Goff transferred $195,000, which was payment for 3,000 of the
bales, to the Henry Farms account.

Three weeks passed and no hay was delivered, therefore Goff requested a refund
of the $195,000. According to the indictment, Henry Jr. said the $195,000 had
already been spent and could not be refunded.

Eventually, Goff received three loads for a total of 90 bales of hay, which was
stated to be very low quality with one load that "was nothing but weeds,"
according to court filings. The hay was also delivered at a rate of a full
dollar per mile more than what was originally agreed upon.

Goff still has not received 2,910 bales of hay.

The father and son also sold at least 389 head of cattle, for a total of
$538,700, according to the grand jury indictment. A total of 221 cows were
examined, and a licensed veterinarian determined that 199 of the ages or
conditions of the cattle were misrepresented in a way that would have made the
cows worth a lesser amount than what was charged.

The majority of the cattle, according to the grand jury, were overinflated by
between $300-400, based on the age of the cattle. An estimated $59,700 was
received by the Henrys fraudulently due to this.

Court filings do not list an attorney for either the elder or younger Henry in
the case.

The indictment also contains a forfeiture allegation, which would require both
defendants to forfeit to the government any property obtained as a result of the
alleged violations, including a money judgment of $861,932.

___ (c)2015 the Daily Iowegian (Centerville, Iowa) Visit the Daily Iowegian
(Centerville, Iowa) at www.dailyiowegian.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150611-IA-Father-son-indicted-with-862k-in-farm-fraud-0611-20150611

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IA


                         Copyright 2015 Daily Iowegian

                             212 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                           January 17, 2008 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

LAW & ORDER

BYLINE: A staff and wire report

SECTION: METRO; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 602 words


HILLSBOROUGH

Man Receives 16 1/2 Years In Fraud, ID Theft Case

TAMPA - Isaac K. Allen, 41, of Largo was sentenced Tuesday to 16 1/2 years in
prison on federal bank fraud and identity theft charges.

His girlfriend, Tara Pasco, was sentenced last week to more than seven years in
prison for her part in the scheme. Both had pleaded guilty.

According to court documents, Allen and several co-defendants defrauded Fifth
Third Bank, BB&T, Bank of America and other financial institutions by using
other people's names to apply for credit cards and lines of credit. Allen and
his co-defendants are accused of stealing more than $150,000.

In February, Allen opened an account at a BB&T branch in Palm Harbor using
someone else's name and private information, court records show. He deposited
$80 in a savings account, $20 in a checking account and applied for a $2,000
line of credit and $10,000-limit credit card.

When federal investigators contacted the man whose name was on the account to
ask why he had not repaid $11,492, he told them he had not opened a BB&T
account.

Investigators found Allen and Pasco used a false name to rent a private mailbox
in a store on South Howard Avenue, Tampa. Information from the Palm Harbor BB&T
account was sent to the box.

Video from an ATM in Sarasota showed Allen withdrawing money from the account.

Tampa Crime Appears To Have Dropped Again

TAMPA - The city's crime statistics are being finalized, but an early look shows
reported crime appears to have dropped for the fifth consecutive year, police
and Mayor Pam Iorio said Wednesday.

The Tampa Police Department expects to release its 2007 annual crime report
toward the end of the month. "We're anticipating a 10 percent decrease" in the
overall crime rate compared with 2006, police spokeswoman Laura McElroy said.

Iorio mentioned the crime drop at a South Tampa Chamber of Commerce meeting
Wednesday, saying no other cities in Florida or "any other medium-sized city
across the country" has experienced a similar decrease. "Crime is lower than
when I was in high school 30 years ago," she said.

The crime rate is calculated by adding murder, rape, aggravated assault,
robbery, burglary, larceny and auto theft.

Statistics for Tampa in 2006 showed crime dropped 9.4 percent compared with 2005
and 36 percent compared with numbers for 2002.

McElroy said District 3, which covers East Tampa, downtown and Ybor City, led
the other two districts in reduced crime statistics. The district addressed
problems caused by juveniles and by "fine-tuning their crime analysis."

PINELLAS

Largo Driver Charged In Death Of Scooter Rider

LARGO - A Largo man was arrested Wednesday on charges he was drunk when his
pickup hit a scooter last month, killing Jack Schaffer, 84, also of Largo,
police said.

Angus T. Davis III, 59, was charged with DUI manslaughter. He is in Pinellas
County Jail with bail set at $150,000.

On Dec. 12, Davis' pickup hit Schaffer's scooter in the 900 block of Missouri
Avenue, Lt. Mike Loux said.

Davis' blood-alcohol level was 0.348, more than four times 0.08, which is the
level at which a driver in Florida is presumed impaired.

ELSEWHERE

2 Young Girls Found Drowned In Pool

SUNRISE - Authorities are investigating the drowning of two girls, ages 3 and 4,
found in a pool here.

Police said the mother of one of the girls thought Marieanne Boucicant, 4, and
Taniya Humes, 3, were watching cartoons Wednesday, but realized they weren't
inside the house.

She found the girls in the pool and pulled them out.

A staff and wire report

Copyright © 2008, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2008 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune

                             213 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                          China Daily European Edition

                           November 17, 2012 Saturday

US agencies smash'virtual offices' fraud scheme

SECTION: AMERICAS

LENGTH: 802 words


LOS ANGELES - US federal agencies announced Friday the smash of a scheme to use
"virtual offices" in over a dozen of cities to engage in mail fraud and money
laundering with over one thousand victims and a loss of millions of dollars.

The announcement of the latest action against mail fraud and money laundering
served as a warning as Americans started their Thanksgiving and Christmas
shopping season.

US Attorney Kenneth Magidson announced that eight people from Las Vegas and Los
Angeles had been arrested and charged with conspiracy, wire and mail fraud and
money laundering.

According to the indictment, the eight defendants used a number of different
named companies to conduct their telemarketing timeshare resale scheme targeting
timeshare owners throughout the United States and Canada.

The timeshare owners were allegedly solicited to pay advance fees in exchange
for The Jariv Companies providing willing buyers for their timeshare properties
or points, when in fact, the defendants did not have buyers for the timeshare
owners' interests and did not market or sell the property.

A timeshare is a property with a particular form of ownership or use rights.
These properties are typically resort condominium units, in which multiple
parties hold rights to use the property, and each sharer is allotted a period of
time (typically one week, and almost always the same time every year) in which
they may use the property.

Units may be on a partial ownership, lease, or "right to use" basis, in which
the sharer holds no claim to ownership of the property.

"The IRS is committed to investigating those individuals who engage in
corruption and money laundering," said Bernard Butler, assistant special agent
in Charge, Internal Revenue Service-Criminal Investigation, in a statement.

"Working with our law enforcement partners IRS-CI is committed to unraveling
complex financial transactions and money laundering schemes. We will continue to
aggressively pursue those who victimize the elderly," Butler added.

According to court records, the Jariv companies were registered in various
states in the United States, including Texas, Nevada, California, Illinois and
Washington and conducted business at multiple addresses in Houston, Las Vegas,
Los Angeles, Chicago and Seattle.

The defendants allegedly used mailing addresses or "virtual office suites"in Las
Vegas, Houston, Chicago and Seattle for receiving monies from timeshare owners
via US Mail or commercial interstate carriers like Fed Ex, all the while
maintaining call center offices in Las Vegas, Houston, Chicago, and the greater
Los Angeles-area from which the defendants, using telephones and email,
contacted and communicated with timeshare owners, in an alleged scheme to
defraud the timeshare owners of money.

The defendants and their employees falsely represented that they had buyers for
the timeshare owners interests (either timeshare weeks or points) and solicited
fees, ranging from hundreds of dollars to several thousand dollars from each
timeshare owner, the indictment indicates.

The defendants allegedly falsely represented that the fees were fully refundable
at closing and were used to secure the owners' place in an acquisition involving
corporate buyers, as well as to pay for legal expenses such as title searches,
estoppel letters and closing costs.

The indictment alleges closings were not scheduled, purported sales did not
occur and no payments were made to timeshare owners for the sale of their
property, nor have there been payments by corporations (or other buyers) to the
Jariv companies for the purchase of timeshare properties.

The defendants and employees of the Jariv companies did not devote their
resources to marketing the timeshare owners'properties and simply pocketed the
advanced fees paid by the timeshare owners with a sizeable percentage of the
money used to pay telemarketers, according to the indictment.

The balance of advance fees was allegedly kept by defendants to be deposited
into bank accounts controlled by them and frequently transferred to personal
bank accounts or other unrelated corporate bank accounts.

According to the indictment, between Feb 1, 2011, and Jan 31, 2012, the
defendants would and did victimize approximately 1,000 victims living in Canada
and throughout the United States including the Southern District of Texas, and
deposited into eight bank accounts approximately 6,925,137.04 dollars in
fraudulently obtained timeshare owner funds.

Approximately $5,945,433.04 in victim funds were retained by, and subsequently
transferred into, other accounts controlled by the defendants.

The charges are the result of an investigation conducted by US Secret Service
and IRS-CI with assistance by the FBI - Las Vegas field office and the San
Francisco office of the Environmental Protection Agency.

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 China Daily Information Co
                              All Rights Reserved

                             214 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                November 24, 1995, Friday, Late Edition - Final

A Guilty Plea in Mail-Order Bacteria Case

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section A;  Page 23;  Column 5;  National Desk

LENGTH: 174 words

DATELINE: COLUMBUS, Ohio, Nov. 23


A man accused of illegally obtaining bubonic plague bacteria through the mail
has pleaded guilty to one count of wire fraud.

The man, Larry Harris, was scheduled to stand trial on Monday on three counts of
wire fraud and one count of mail fraud for ordering the freeze-dried bacteria
from a Rockville, Md., laboratory last May.

Prosecutors agreed to drop the other charges and seek a sentence of no more than
six months in jail in exchange for the guilty plea, which Mr. Harris made on
Wednesday. A maximum sentence for wire fraud is five years in prison and a
$250,000 fine. No sentencing date was set.

Mr. Harris, 43, wanted the bacteria for research in writing a book about germ
warfare, said his lawyer, George Luther.

American Type Culture Collection said it sent Mr. Harris the bacteria because it
believed he was certified to handle it. They it became suspicious and notified
the authorities. United States Attorney Edmund Sargus Jr. said Mr. Harris
falsely claimed to operate a laboratory approved to handle the bacteria.

LOAD-DATE: November 24, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1995 The New York Times Company

                             215 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Medical Device Daily

                           December 16, 2003 Tuesday

Grants/contracts

LENGTH: 888 words


Grants/contracts

EDS expands Medicare fraud detection system with CMS

A Medical Device Daily Staff Report  EDS (Plano, Texas), an outsourcing services
company, reported a significantly expanded footprint in Medicare fraud detection
services through a series of new contracts and extensions of current service
agreements with the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS; Baltimore,
Maryland) in 2003.

In the healthcare IT services arena, with more than 250 clients in 20 countries,
EDS provides Medicare fraud detection expertise in 10 states, including all six
New England states, New York, New Jersey, Pennsylvania and California.

New and expanded EDS contracts for fraud and detection services include:

· New Jersey Medicare Medicaid Data Analysis Center - Sept. 2003. One-year
contract to perform computerized matching and analysis of Medicare and Medicaid
data in New Jersey.

· Pennsylvania Medicare Medicaid Data Analysis Center - July 2003. One-year
contract to perform computerized matching and analysis of Medicare and Medicaid
data in Pennsylvania.

· Pennsylvania Benefits Integrity Service Center - April 2003. Extension of EDS'
contract to perform fraud and abuse detection and prevention activities for
Medicare Part A and Part B claims in Pennsylvania, and Part A claims in New
Jersey.

· New England Benefits Integrity Service Center (BISC) - March 2003. Extension
of EDS' existing contract to include Part A fraud detection services for Maine
and Massachusetts. The New England center was already providing Part B fraud
detections services for those states. This is a one-year contract with three,
one-year options to coincide with term of the existing New England BISC
contract.

· Connecticut Part B Claim Service - August 2003.  One-year expansion of
services to add Part B claim service to the existing contract for Part A claims.
This contract contains three one-year options.

"EDS' Medicare/Medicaid fraud detection services provide real value to a program
that has such a tremendous impact on the quality of millions of Americans," said
Al Edmonds, vice president of global sales and client solutions, U.S.
government, at EDS. "The bottom line is we help protect the integrity the of the
Medicare program by rooting out fraud and abuse, and these new and extended
contracts are a testament to the innovation and value EDS brings to this
endeavor."

In other contract news:

·ACS (Dallas, Texas), a provider of business process and information technology
outsourcing, has implemented the Oregon Surveillance and Utilization Review
Subsystem to meet the state's reporting requirements for the Oregon Medicaid
program. The replacement Decision Support Surveillance and Utilization Review
System (DSSURS) became operational in September and is the culmination of a
multi-year partnership between ACS and the Oregon Department of Human Services.

The DSSUR system offers Oregon Medicaid various new capabilities such as
allowing users to identify patterns to better understand how recipients use
Medicaid and to design effective cost-containment measures. Additionally, the
Department of Human Services is able to improve the quality of care by using
data to measure cost and utilization trends as well as to track expenditure
information.

The foundation of the DSSURS solution is a data warehouse that answers questions
about six years of claims data with almost immediate response time through
flexible, easy-to-design queries. The fraud and abuse detection solution allows
analysts to detect fraud, abuse and incorrect billing to meet federal
guidelines, providing for increased accuracy and decreasing unnecessary payments
from the Office of Medical Assistance Programs.

·Covalent Group (Wayne, Pennsylvania), a clinical research organization,
reported the awarding of multiple studies and contracts with an aggregate value
of $8.1 million. Among the new business awards is a consulting and operational
support contract with a European pharmaceutical company for a specialized
cardiovascular safety study. The emphasis will be on the QT interval effects of
a non-cardiac drug as measured on the electrocardiogram in human subjects. The
services to be provided for the study will include investigator site selection
and management, oversight of subject recruitment, field monitoring, project
management and operations, regulatory operations, and medical monitoring.

The remaining contracts represent expansion of current studies with several
different clients as well as a cardiovascular feasibility study and two new
vaccine trials. The majority of the revenue for the $8.1 million of new business
will be recognized over the next 12 months.

Kenneth Borow, MD, Covalent's chief executive officer and president, commented,
"The contracts announced today bring our new business for this quarter to $10.4
million. Our year-to-date total of $21.7 million is 17% higher than the amount
signed in 2002. Our 2003 new business total is at the upper limit of our
projected $17-22 million range for the year. We are very encouraged that our new
business pipeline and subsequent backlog will continue to grow as we move into
2004."

Covalent is a clinical research organization that is a leader in the design and
management of clinical trials for the pharmaceutical, biotechnology and medical
device industries.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                          Copyright 2003 AHC Media LLC
                              All Rights Reserved

                             216 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              India Insurance News

                       March 14, 2016 Monday 6:30 AM EST

Ohio Mutual Insurance Group Joins NICB

LENGTH: 316  words


March 14 -- The Ohio Mutual Insurance Group (OMIG), a regional property and
casualty insurer based in Bucyrus, Ohio, is the newest addition to the nearly
1,100 companies that are members of the National Insurance Crime Bureau (NICB).

"We are proud to welcome Ohio Mutual as a partner in our efforts to fight
insurance fraud and vehicle crime," said NICB President and CEO Joe Wehrle.

Mark C. Russell, who became president and CEO of the Ohio Mutual Insurance Group
in January, said fighting fraud is a responsibility his organization takes very
seriously.

"We owe it to our policyholders and business partners to defend against those
who would try to commit fraud," said Russell. "Today's insurance fraud is
sophisticated and complex and it requires a strong partnership with other
insurers and law enforcement to combat it. NICB offers more than 100 years of
experience to support our fraud investigators, and our participation as an
active member of NICB will be an essential component of our fraud-fighting
efforts going forward."

Ohio Mutual Insurance Group, founded in 1901 with its home office in Bucyrus,
Ohio, and a regional office in Saco, Maine, partners with nearly 400 independent
agencies to distribute quality property and casualty insurance products
throughout Connecticut, Indiana, Maine, New Hampshire, Ohio, Rhode Island, and
Vermont. Ohio Mutual has maintained a rating of "A / Stable" from A.M. Best Co.
for 23 consecutive years, and was named to the prestigious Ward's 50 in 2009 -
2013. Additional company information is available at www.omig.com.

Anyone with information concerning insurance fraud or vehicle theft can report
it anonymously by calling toll-free 800-TEL-NICB (800-835-6422), texting keyword
"fraud" to TIP411 (847411) or submitting a form on our website. Or, download the
NICB Fraud Tips app on your iPhone or Android device.

Source: National Insurance Crime Bureau

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2016 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved

                             217 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 13, 2014 Thursday

Attorney and real estate developers sentenced in wilmington-area mortgage fraud
case

LENGTH: 937  words

DATELINE: Raleigh


United States Attorney's Office for the eastern District of North Carolina has
issued the following press release:

United States Attorney Thomas G. Walker announces that today Senior United
States District Judge Malcolm J. Howard sentenced numerous participants in a
Wilmington area mortgage fraud scheme to prison.  Senior Judge Howard also
collectively ordered more than $1 Million in restitution judgments against the
defendants.  Those sentenced by the Court included a real estate closing
attorney, two developers, and another conspirator.

United States Attorney Thomas G. Walker stated, "This is the second time within
a month that courts of this district have sent attorneys and other real estate
professionals to prison for mortgage fraud. Through these and other prosecutions
the message should be absolutely clear.  If you commit mortgage fraud, you will
face time in prison."

"Mortgage fraud is an incredibly destructive crime, where borrowers are burdened
with bad loans, lenders incur significant losses, and neighborhoods are often
destroyed through abandoned homes and rapidly declining property values" said
Thomas J. Holloman, III, Special Agent in Charge, IRS Criminal Investigation,
"Today's sentencing of these defendants, delivers the message that we along with
our law enforcement partners will not stand by idly while criminals enrich
themselves, through victimizing others."

The sentencings in Greenville today involved four participants in the
Wilmington-area mortgage fraud scheme, including developer JUSTIN LEE ROOKS, 33,
of Loris, South Carolina; developer MICHAEL THOMAS BARTLETT, 48, of Myrtle
Beach, South Carolina; closing attorney ROBERT HAROLD MELVILLE, JR., 52, of Lake
Waccamaw; and ANTHONY MICHAEL TEW, 33, of Conway, South Carolina.  On December
11, 2012, ROOKS and BARTLETT pled guilty to Conspiracy to Commit Mail, Wire, and
Bank Fraud, in violation of Title 18, United States Code, Section 1349.
MELVILLE pled guilty to Conspiracy to Commit Bank and Wire Fraud, in violation
of Title 18, United States Code, Section 1349.

The charging documents in these cases collectively allege that between May of
2004 and August of 2008, ROOKS, BARTLETT, and others conspired to defraud banks
and lenders in connection with the purchase, development, and resale of
properties in Columbus, Brunswick, and New Hanover counties.  It is further
alleged that the conspirators solicited individuals at seminars in Raleigh and
elsewhere to allow construction loans to be obtained in their names for the
benefit of the conspirators in exchange for cash.  The conspirators told the
buyers that the buyers would not have to make a down payment or interest
payments on the loans, and that the properties purchased in their names would be
sold within twelve months.  TEW and other conspirators also posted signs which
included such representations as, "easy financing" and "no down payment
required," even though the buyer/borrowers were generally required to make down
payments at the time of the closings.  The buyers were told that if properties
could not be sold in twelve months, the conspirators would buy the properties
back.

The conspirators in fact enticed the buyers to participate in the transactions
and engaged in various actions to make it appear to the banks and lenders that
the buyers were qualified for the loans.  The charges allege that TEW and other
conspirators deposited money into the bank accounts of the buyers to make it
appear that they had sufficient assets to conduct the transactions.  To close
the loans, the conspirators also referred the buyers to MELVILLE, who was at
that time a North Carolina attorney who practiced real estate law.  MELVILLE
participated in the conspiracy by engaging in actions that made it appear to the
banks and lenders that the buyers had given down payment money at the time of
closing when, in fact, the buyers did not bring such money.

The banks and lenders who loaned funds to the buyers were not informed of the
cash kickbacks to the buyers by the conspirators.  The banks and lenders were
also not informed that the buyers did not in fact have the cash to close the
transactions, and that the down payment money, if any, was provided by the
conspirators.

Ultimately, according to the charging documents, the conspirators were unable to
sell many of the properties purchased in the names of the buyers.  The buyers
did not have the means to repay all of the loans obtained in the names of the
buyers and, as a result, many of the loans went into default.  The banks and
lenders were forced to sell the properties at a substantial loss.

Today, Senior District Judge Howard sentenced MELVILLE to serve 31 months in
prison, 3 years of supervised release, and further ordered MELVILLE to pay
$1,333,020.00 in restitution.

Senior Judge Howard sentenced ROOKS to serve 30 months in prison, 5 years of
supervised release, and further ordered ROOKS to pay $1,766,511.00 in
restitution.

Senior Judge Howard sentenced BARTLETT to serve 24 months in prison, 5 years of
supervised release, and further ordered BARTLETT to pay $1,333,020.00 in
restitution.

Senior Judge Howard sentenced TEW to serve 18 months in prison, 3 years of
supervised release, and further ordered TEW to pay $883,420.00 in restitution.

Investigation of this case was conducted by the Internal Revenue Service
Criminal Investigation with the assistance of the Federal Bureau of
Investigation.  Assistant United States Attorney William M. Gilmore represented
the United States.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             218 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Payments Source

                             August 29, 2011 Monday

Airline Card-Fraud Detection Becoming Necessary For Smaller Companies, Experts
Say

BYLINE: David Heun

SECTION: CREDIT Vol. 1 No. 1

LENGTH: 736  words


An agreement in which Accertify Inc. will provide credit card fraud protection
for Frontier Airlines illustrates how non-major airlines are boosting security
as criminals shift their attention to them when major airlines thwart their
attempts, fraud-prevention experts say.

Accertify, an Itasca, Ill.-based online fraud-prevention company, signed an
agreement Aug. 25 to provide its Interceptas risk-management program to
Denver-based Frontier for online payment-fraud detection and resolution.

The fraud-detection tool will compile customer data Frontier provides and
information based on the particulars of the website transaction to help assess
potential risk, Accertify CEO Jeff Liesendahl tells PaymentsSource.

"Frontier Airlines knows a lot about its customers as to whether they are
frequent fliers, where they tend to go, where they tend to leave from,"
Liesendahl says. "The fraud tool detects where the Web transaction took place.
Did it really take place in Chicago, or did it take place somewhere in Russia?"

Many layers of data are assessed during the Interceptas process, but Accertify
will not describe those publicly so criminals can develop ways to avoid
detection, Liesendahl says.

If Interceptas flags something as suspicious after assessing all of the
transaction data, Accertify will alert Frontier and follow whatever procedure
the airline has in place for questioning or denying transactions, Liesendahl
says.

Assessing all of the data can be a daunting task because of the various forms of
fraud occurring with airline ticket purchases, one observer says.

Julie Conroy McNelley, a senior risk and fraud analyst at Boston-based Aite
Consulting Group, believes attempts at "friendly fraud," when the cardholder
simply denies he made the purchase, and "hostile fraud," when crooks use stolen
credit cards, puts airlines on constant alert.

"It's definitely widespread online and at the call centers," McNelley tells
PaymentsSource. "First credit card fraud was a problem at banks, then the
airlines was the next frontier-no pun intended. But the airlines are on board
now, and their fraud protections are working."

Anne Hiller, senior vice president for marketing for Scottsdale, Ariz.-based
fraud-protection services company 41st Parameter Inc., agrees the airlines are
better protected than just a few years ago.

Â After the airline company has protected its online and call-center purchases
with fraud screening, the criminal attempts drop dramatically, Hiller tells
PaymentsSource.

Â Â Â Â Â  "The major carriers have solved the problem, so the crooks go to that
second tier, which includes Frontier Airlines. So it's important protection for
them," she says.

Accertify often will engage in an ongoing "cat-and-mouse" game with criminals
who commit credit card fraud, Liesendahl says. "They tend to buy airline tickets
at the last minute, so two days before a flight is when most of the fraud
attempts occur," he says. "But when the criminals figure that out, they will try
something else."

41st Parameter's best customers may appear the same as fraudsters transacting
online because they book flights late and prefer premium seating. But all of the
other data collected by fraud-prevention tools help signal inconsistencies,
Hiller says.

However, looks can be deceiving until the fraud-detection system digs a little
deeper.

A regular customer who is flying to Europe for the first time is not
automatically considered a potential "bad guy" by the fraud-detection system,
Liesendahl says.

"We spend a lot of time doing this kind of work, so the data about the customer
is very helpful and helps us decide if it is a bad credit card," Liesendahl
adds. "The customer address is important, and if a transaction is suddenly
coming from a hospital or nursing home we get suspicious."

Joe Allman, Frontier vice president and controller, believes the Accertify
agreement will improve overall customer service.

"Not only does Accertify offer a proven risk-management [service] that will help
us prevent fraudulent transactions, the company will enable our reservation
agents to focus on booking reservations and streamlining the purchasing
process," Allman stated in a company press release.

Accertify Inc., a subsidiary of New York-based American Express Co., also has
developed programs to help merchants in charge-back management (see story).Â

What do you think about this? Send us your feedback. Click Here.

Â

Â

Â

Â

URL: http://www.paymentssource.com

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: PAYMENTSSOURCE_NEWS


                        Copyright 2011 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             219 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 19, 2016 Monday

North Carolina: \x93Doing What's Right" Campaign

LENGTH: 247  words

DATELINE: New York



 Raleigh: The City of Fayetteville, North Carolina has issued the following news
release:



 The City of Fayetteville is introducing the "Doing What's Right" campaign to
reduce the incidents of fraud, waste and abuse that affect the City of
Fayetteville. Residents and employees alike can make an anonymous report with a
third-party, independent company
 Fraud can from within via employees as well from outside sources. Examples of
City related fraud include:





     Theft of City property, such as inventory or supplies

     Using City property for personal use

     Payroll or timekeeping fraud

     Submitting invoices for fictitious or personal goods and services

     Taking cash paid for City services - such as parking, permits or fines

     Stealing a check the City issued to another payee

     Falsely reporting expenses for reimbursement

     Accepting a bribe, kickback or illegal gratuity

     Conflicts of interest

     Bid-fixing



 For cases of non-city related fraud, please contact your local law enforcement
agency. Examples of non-city related fraud include:



     Personal property theft

     Credit card fraud

     Welfare fraud

     Unemployment fraud

     Insurance fraud



 The City of Fayetteville's Office of Internal Audit is sponsoring the "Doing
What's Right" Campaign and the Fraud Hotline for City of Fayetteville employees,
vendors and citizens.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com





LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             220 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 19, 2016 Monday

North Carolina: \x93Doing What's Right" Campaign

LENGTH: 247  words

DATELINE: New York



 Raleigh: The City of Fayetteville, North Carolina has issued the following news
release:



 The City of Fayetteville is introducing the "Doing What's Right" campaign to
reduce the incidents of fraud, waste and abuse that affect the City of
Fayetteville. Residents and employees alike can make an anonymous report with a
third-party, independent company
 Fraud can from within via employees as well from outside sources. Examples of
City related fraud include:





     Theft of City property, such as inventory or supplies

     Using City property for personal use

     Payroll or timekeeping fraud

     Submitting invoices for fictitious or personal goods and services

     Taking cash paid for City services - such as parking, permits or fines

     Stealing a check the City issued to another payee

     Falsely reporting expenses for reimbursement

     Accepting a bribe, kickback or illegal gratuity

     Conflicts of interest

     Bid-fixing



 For cases of non-city related fraud, please contact your local law enforcement
agency. Examples of non-city related fraud include:



     Personal property theft

     Credit card fraud

     Welfare fraud

     Unemployment fraud

     Insurance fraud



 The City of Fayetteville's Office of Internal Audit is sponsoring the "Doing
What's Right" Campaign and the Fraud Hotline for City of Fayetteville employees,
vendors and citizens.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com





LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             221 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                            December 7, 2008 Sunday
                                 FINAL EDITION

LAW + ORDER

BYLINE: LISA A. DAVIS, ldavis@tampatrib.com

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 322 words


By LISA A. DAVIS

ldavis@tampatrib.com

Game T-Shirt Sales A Bust

TAMPA - While Virginia Tech and Boston College fans started filtering into
Raymond James Stadium today, a couple of men outside trying to peddle their
wares ended up trading in their visions of profits for handcuffs, according to
authorities.

Rodney Lamont Gratton, 42, of Detroit, was caught with 340 counterfeit Atlantic
Coast Conference T-shirts, a sheriff's report stated. Kenneth "Bo" Allen
Youmans, 38, of Columbia, S.C. was trying to sell 20 unlicensed Virginia Tech
and B.C. T-shirts for $10 apiece, Tampa police said.

Gratton was charged with forging or counterfeiting private labels, a felony. His
bail was set at $2,000. Youmans was charged with counterfeiting private labels,
a misdemeanor. Bail was set at $500.

HILLSBOROUGH

Bail Denied In Rifle Shootings

TAMPA - A man accused of firing an assault rifle on the streets of Plant City on
Friday during a massive manhunt and of killing a man was denied bail Saturday on
multiple charges.

Fransisco Rangel, 25, of Tampa, is being held at Orient Road Jail today. Charges
against him include felony first-degree murder, several counts of attempted
first-degree murder of a law enforcement officer, and several counts of shooting
at or into a vehicle.

Rangel was apprehended Friday after a manhunt lasting more than six hours.

ELSEWHERE

Texas Group Looks For Pilots

A private search organization that helped look for missing toddler Caylee
Anthony in Orlando says it is scanning the Gulf of Mexico for two pilots whose
aircraft went missing last Sunday.

Texas EquuSearch, a nonprofit group that has been in operation for eight years,
said it began using special scanning equipment Wednesday to try to locate signs
of the aircraft carrying Darien Peckham of Tampa and Zachary Schlitt of West
Palm Beach.

A staff report

Copyright © 2008, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2008 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune

                             222 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                American Banker

                            June 20, 2007 Wednesday

Study: Conditions Ripe for Further Increase in Fraud

BYLINE: William Launder

SECTION: MORTGAGES; Pg. 18 Vol. 172 No. 118

LENGTH: 569  words


Incidents of mortgage fraud increased about 30% nationwide last year, and this
year's growth could be even higher, given the current turmoil in the subprime
market, a study conducted for the Mortgage Bankers Association found.

Florida replaced Georgia as the state with the highest mortgage fraud rate,
according to the study published last month by Mortgage Asset Research Institute
Inc.

The Reston, Va., unit of ChoicePoint Inc. conducted the study in April by
compiling reports from lenders.

D. James Croft, one of the authors of the report, cited a crackdown effort in
Georgia.

However, a similar report that the ChoicePoint unit published a year ago also
showed that Florida's fraud rate was higher than Georgia's in 2005; subsequently
collected data put Georgia at the top of the list for the fourth year in a row.

Florida's score on the MARI Fraud Index for 2006 was 208, meaning the state's
share of the nation's fraud cases was more than twice its share of the nation's
originations.

California had the second-highest score (188), followed by Michigan (138).

The study differed from one by the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network that
estimated 28,000 fraud reports were filed nationwide last year. Mortgage Asset
Research would not say how many cases it found nationwide, but it said its study
was based on fraud allegations that have already been investigated, whereas the
Fincen report takes into account all lender reports of suspicious activity.

Georgia's score on the MARI Fraud Index decreased by about 60%, to 125.

"The good news is that the numbers for Florida and Georgia" collected so far for
last year "are not as high as we have seen in the past," Mr. Croft said.

But "we have gotten even more reports since the information was first
published," he said. "The numbers are constantly changing."

Mr. Croft attributed Georgia's relatively low fraud growth to the state's "get
tough" stance. In 2005 it passed the first law in the country to deal
specifically with mortgage fraud; for first-time offenders in cases involving
multiple homes, the law carries a penalty as high as 20 years in prison for
first-time offenders.

According to the report, New Jersey, Oklahoma, Florida, Nevada, and Colorado are
among states considering legislation based on Georgia's Residential Mortgage
Fraud Act.

Tighter underwriting guidelines imposed after the subprime fallout would make it
difficult for many borrowers to secure loans, Mr. Croft said.

In fact, he said, they will increase some applicants' temptation to falsify
incomes.

"When these conditions are coupled with a regulatory environment (in most
states) where fraud perpetrators face relatively light penalties, the conditions
are temptingly ripe for escalating mortgage fraud activity," the report said.

"Professional fraudsters will devise new and improved schemes to exploit the
weaknesses in loan origination processes."

Rachel Dollar, a lawyer and mortgage fraud expert in Santa Rosa, Calif., agreed
that frauds such as falsification of a borrower's income to meet underwriting
standards would increase as lenders continued to tighten underwriting
guidelines.

"Right now, those [low credit] people out there that are trying to fund loans
are in a real tough position with all the tightening of underwriting
requirements," she said.

"To get those loans through, those people are going to get creative."

http://www.americanbanker.com/ http://www.sourcemedia.com/

LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo, Dollar

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: a


                        Copyright 2007 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             223 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                  December 18, 1991, Wednesday, Final Edition

Mayor Guilty in Thrift Fraud

ns

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A8; AROUND THE NATION

LENGTH: 108 words

DATELINE: TRENTON, N.J.


Jersey City Mayor Gerald McCann (D) was convicted of defrauding a Florida thrift
of at least $ 267,000 it invested in a marina in a joint venture with him.

A federal jury convicted McCann of 15 counts and acquitted him of one count of
mail fraud. He was charged in July with mail, wire and bank fraud; tax evasion;
making false statements to the Internal Revenue Service, and failing to file
personal income tax returns.

The charges stem from McCann's venture in 1986 and 1987 with Southern
Floridabanc of Boca Raton to bid on a marina planned for Liberty State Park, on
Jersey City's waterfront. McCann, 41, was not mayor at the time.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS

                       Copyright 1991 The Washington Post

                             224 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           October 16, 2008 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

Mortgage Inquiries Focusing On Florida

BYLINE: By LYNNLEY BROWNING

SECTION: Section B; Column 0; Business/Financial Desk; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 648 words


Federal prosecutors and investigators, under pressure to scrutinize possible
mortgage fraud by financial companies, have opened 151 criminal cases since last
October, most of them in southern Florida, according to a new study of
government data.

The study, released Wednesday by researchers at the Transactional Records Access
Clearinghouse at Syracuse University, is based on fresh data obtained from the
Justice Department, which has a new program to track criminal mortgage fraud by
lenders and financial companies.

Because the Justice Department only recently began tracking mortgage fraud as a
separate category, there is no comparative data for previous years, and thus no
indication of how much, or whether, the 151 cases represent a significant
increase amid the subprime debacle.

The data covers the first 10 months of the 2008 fiscal year, October 2007
through July 2008, a period when the deflation of the subprime lending bubble
accelerated and foreclosures mounted. It does not cover efforts at the state
level to scrutinize possible mortgage fraud.

Over all, there is no centralized effort by regulators or the private sector to
track the total extent of possible mortgage fraud nationwide, a gap that has
drawn criticism from some policy analysts.

Nearly half of the federal prosecutions, or 71, are being carried out by the
F.B.I., which  opened preliminary mortgage fraud inquiries last month into
Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, Lehman Brothers and the American International Group.

The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, which regulates the nation's banks,
was the second most active investigator, handling one in five of the cases.

The data shows that despite the indications of possible mortgage fraud, federal
prosecutors have narrowly focused their efforts and opened criminal cases in
only 10 of the 89 judicial districts across the 50 states, in California,
Florida, Georgia, Mississippi, New York, Ohio, Pennsylvania and Vermont.

Only a fraction of the cases now being prosecuted have been completed, resulting
in convictions or settlements, but the actual number is likely to be higher
because of delays by courts in reporting outcomes.

The researchers did not indicate how the Justice Department defined mortgage
fraud.

The F.B.I., which has publicly taken the lead in investigating mortgage fraud,
has said that the schemes it is investigating involve material misstatements,
misrepresentations or omissions relied upon by an underwriter or lender to
finance, purchase or insure a loan.

In addition to the major cases, the F.B.I. is working with other federal, state
and local agencies on about 1,400 investigations into smaller companies and
individuals who are suspected of mortgage fraud, nearly double the level of
2005.

Nearly half, or 69, of the federal cases are being handled by prosecutors'
offices in southern Florida, a flash point of falling housing prices. The
second-busiest region is the Pittsburgh area in western Pennsylvania, where 24
prosecutions are taking place.

Southern and central California, northern Georgia and southern New York were
next, each with an average of 10 cases.

David Burnham, the co-director of the clearinghouse, said that ''we don't have
any trends, because this data is just the first 10 months.'' But in a statement,
he and his co-director, Susan B. Long, said that ''given the broad troubles now
confronting the economy of the United States, and the role that mortgage fraud
may have played in these problems, the relatively small number of cases in this
area is somewhat surprising.'' For example, they said, during the same period,
United States attorneys prosecuted far more cases, 554, involving simple drug
possession.

Mr. Burnham also said there had been five times as many filings by financial
institutions describing possible mortgage fraud  in October 2006 as there were
in October 2002.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 The New York Times Company

                             225 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                             April 17, 1998, Friday

Trial lawyers oppose California insurance bill;
Simplification is a complicated process

BYLINE: BY RON LENT

SECTION: INSURANCE; Pg. 5A

LENGTH: 511 words

DATELINE: SAN FRANCISCO


A California bill aimed at consolidating the state's labyrinth of insurance
fraud statutes has triggered another skirmish in the continuing war of words
between trial lawyers and insurers.

Sen. Ross Johnson, R-Orange, has proposed S.B. 1670, which would merge the fraud
reporting and immunity provisions into a single article and update the language
of several seemingly outdated references within the California Insurance Code.

""This legislation makes it easier for law enforcement and other investigators
to detect, and prevent, insurance fraud,'' Mr. Johnson said. "" Making the law
more user-friendly not only makes practical sense, it will assist law
enforcement and others involved in fighting insurance fraud.''

After attending a meeting of the Senate Judiciary Committee in Sacramento,
Consumer Attorneys of California spokesman Chris Dolan told The Journal of
Commerce his organization opposes the measure as currently constituted.

""The difficulty we have with the bill is it seems to give absolute immunity to
insurance company claims adjusters and examiners who would exchange information
regarding suspected insurance fraud,'' he said.

Mr. Dolan said that his group is concerned the bill would ""immunize one group
of actors, i.e. the insurance industry, should they commit a fraud against a
policyholder.''

He said insurers ""would have absolute immunity for any fraudulent or malicious
act that arises out of the exchange of information with other insurance
companies about a policyholder. That is completely the opposite of the intent of
the law.''

Phyllis Marshall of the Personal Insurance Federation disagreed, calling that
reasoning ""preposterous.'' Her group supports the bill, as does the National
Insurance Crime Bureau and the state Insurance Department.

""Revising the outdated statutory provisions into a single article makes
practical sense,'' Ms. Marshall said, adding that it ""will assist law
enforcement and others involved in the detection and prevention of insurance
fraud to do a better job.''

She noted there are immunity statutes on the books in other states except
Alabama, Mississippi, Vermont, Wyoming and in Washington, D.C. These laws shield
claims adjusters and insurance officials from lawsuits when they report what
appears to be a fraudulent claim to the state for prosecution.

Statistics show the magnitude of the fraud problem. The Insurance Information
Institute in New York reports that property/casualty insurance fraud cost an
estimated $21 billion nationwide, as of the end of 1996.

On the state level, California's Insurance Department estimates that fraud costs
companies and policyholders over $500 million, since losses are usually passed
along in rate increases.

Peter Gorman, associate vice president of the Alliance of American Insurers, a
P/C company association, doesn't see why the trial lawyers are upset this time.

""There is no new language being added,'' he said. ""They're just moving around
the pieces to the puzzle, and in the process simplifying the rules.''

LOAD-DATE: April 17, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1998 Journal of Commerce, Inc.

                             226 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Tampa Bay Times

                           January 11, 2014 Saturday
                            0 South Pinellas Edition

7 ACCUSED IN MORTGAGE FRAUD SCHEME

BYLINE: LUCY MORGAN

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 5B

LENGTH: 437 words



HIGHLIGHT: The charges against the Florida residents are in relation to a
development in North Carolina.


Seven Florida residents have been arrested on multiple charges in a $49.6
million mortgage fraud scheme involving a remote mountain development near
Cashiers, N.C.

Among those accused of conspiracy to commit bank fraud and wire fraud and
multiple bank fraud offenses are Domenic Rabuffo, 77, of Miami and his former
wife, Mae Rabuffo, 74, of Fort Lauderdale; Raymond E. Olivier, 52, of Land
O'Lakes; and Curtis Allen Davis, 51, of Tampa. They are accused in a federal
indictment with three others of using shell companies and straw buyers to
purchase lots in a development called Hampton Springs. Each faces a maximum
sentence of 30 years in prison and $1 million fine.

The land sits high atop a mountain at Big Ridge, about 10 miles north of
Cashiers, a resort community that is a summer home for many Floridians.

The mysterious development was featured in a 2008 Tampa Bay Times story.

Together with SunTrust loan officer Victor Miguel Vidal, 48, of Miami, the
defendants are accused of using fraudulent loan applications to get construction
mortgages valued at almost $50 million between 2003 and 2008. The loans were
made by Bank of America, Wachovia, SunTrust and Regions Bank. Most of the loans
have been foreclosed by the banks.

Federal authorities are seeking forfeiture of land and buildings Rabuffo and the
others own in Miami, Tampa, Land O'Lakes and North Carolina.

Rabuffo is a former resident of New York who served prison time and became a
federal informant in a mortgage fraud case in New York in the 1990s. He bought
the pristine mountain property and put most of it in his ex-wife's name.
Residents of the area referred to Rabuffo as "the mobster,'' an allegation
Rabuffo denied when interviewed by the Times in 2008.

U.S. Attorney Wifredo A. Ferrer released copies of the indictment late Friday
after Rabuffo and others were arrested. Rabuffo and Vidal are being held in
federal custody pending a hearing next week. All of the others were released on
bond.

Olivier is a Land O'Lakes engineer who moved to North Carolina to manage the
development. The federal indictment accuses Olivier and Davis of recruiting
straw buyers to submit false loan applications to buy lots in the development.
Vidal is accused of helping shepherd the loan applications through the various
banks. He was fired by SunTrust after the scheme was discovered.

Others indicted were Diane M. Hayduk, 64, of Miami, an administrative assistant
to Rabuffo, and Lazaro Jesus Perez, 43, of Miami Lakes, who is accused of
furnishing bogus accountant letters to support mortgage applications.

Times researcher Caryn Baird contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2014 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved

                             227 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                October 3, 1986, Friday, Late City Final Edition

EX-HOME STATE OFFICIALS FACE FEDERAL CHARGES

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section D; Page 2, Column 5; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 383 words

DATELINE: CINCINNATI, Oct. 2


Marvin L. Warner, former owner of the Home State Savings Bank, and Burton M.
Bongard, former president of Home State, were indicted today on Federal charges
of conspiracy and fraud relating to the Cincinnati thrift institution's
investments with a collapsed Florida securities dealer.

A Federal grand jury in Cincinnati returned the indictments as the result of an
18-month inquiry by the Federal Bureau of Investigation, Anthony W. Nyktas,
United States Attorney, said.

Home State collapsed in March 1985, after losing about $144 million through its
investments with E.S.M. Government Securities Inc. of Fort Lauderdale. Home
State's collapse came four days after Federal regulators closed E.S.M., which
was insolvent.

The Federal indictment charges that Mr. Warner and Mr. Bongard caused Home State
to transfer assets derived from depositors' funds to E.S.M. so that Home State
could obtain ''funds and other benefits fraudulently generated by E.S.M.'' The
Home State investments enabled E.S.M. to conceal huge losses it had incurred and
to postpone its collapse, the indictment charges.

The indictment charges that Mr. Warner and Mr. Bongard supported Home State's
investments with E.S.M. because Home State was suffering financially from a
mismatch between the high interest rates it offered to depositors and the lower
yield it was receiving from its investments, primarily long-term mortgages.

Mr. Warner, 66 years old, who now lives in south Florida, was charged with
conspiracy, 16 counts of wire fraud and 2 counts of causing interstate movement
of money taken by fraud. Mr. Bongard, 45, who now lives in New York City, was
charged with conspiracy, 13 counts of wire fraud and 2 counts of interstate
movement of money taken by fraud.

On Sept. 16, the Securities and Exchange Commission filed a Federal suit
charging Mr. Warner and nine other individuals with fraud and other violations
in E.S.M.'s collapse. Mr. Warner, Mr. Bongard and three others also face Ohio
charges in the matter.

A statement from Mr. Warner's three attorneys tonight said that the Federal
indictment was ''deliberately timed to deprive him of his constitutional right
to a fair trial next month in Ohio on virtually identical charges'' and that
their client ''would plead not guilty to the charges.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company

                             228 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                     January 25, 2004 Sunday Metro Edition

Tale of two accused fraud merchants;
If it sounds too good to be true, it might be Patrick Ballinger or Gary Van
Waeyenberghe promising big profits.

BYLINE: By MATTHEW S. GALBRAITH; Tribune Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. C3

LENGTH: 902 words


SOUTH BEND -- The fraud cases involving Patrick Ballinger and Gary Van
Waeyenberghe always had the look of brush strokes by the same artist.

But aside from investors losing millions of dollars and a vague reference about
evidence links in a criminal trial, their cases proceeded independently through
the federal courts without any intertwining elements.

Now, they reportedly have some overlap after all.

Separate court actions brought against them by the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission have identified former associates, businesses and properties believed
to be common to Ballinger and Van Waeyenberghe, who both have ties to Mishawaka.

Ballinger, 55, pleaded guilty to mail fraud in connection with an investment
fraud scheme that involved automobile finance programs. Elderly people who lost
their retirement savings were among the victims.

During a co-defendant's trial, there was testimony that some evidence had been
gathered in a separate bank fraud case against Van Waeyenberghe.

Ballinger was sentenced to 18 months in late 2002. Recently, the SEC filed a
civil complaint against him and several other defendants in Indianapolis.

Van Waeyenberghe, who was convicted of fraud and tax evasion in the 1980s,
consented to a court order in 2003 to return about $31 million to investors of
First Choice Management Services Inc. He did not admit or deny the government's
allegations of a fraud scheme involving auto loans.

The SEC now claims that a Ballinger group developed a new fraud scheme with
assets of Van Waeyenberghe's First Choice after the government shut down First
Choice in 2000 for alleged securities violations.

It involved more than $7 million of First Choice investor money spent on real
estate, including a hotel, theaters and a restaurant. After First Choice's
assets were frozen, Ballinger's group became active in the operation by selling
time-share interests in the hotel, according to the suits.

In each case, some 600 investors sank about $25 million in the alleged fraud
schemes. The two investor groups now are in the position of competing for some
of the same assets.

They have set their recovery sights on the entertainment mecca of Branson, Mo.

'Chasing' $7 million

 Joseph Bradley, a local attorney, knows the money trails of the two men as well
as anyone. Bradley is the court-appointed receiver in the SEC's case against Van
Waeyenberghe.

Bradley's job is to carry out the court order to pursue and recover First Choice
assets and proceeds generated by the company's misappropriated investments.

"I've been chasing this $7 million for three years now," he said, as well as
millions more that went in other directions.

In fact, Bradley was negotiating for control of some of the holdings when the
SEC filed suit against Ballinger in November.

"That all came to a screeching halt," he added.

According to Bradley, Ballinger and Van Waeyenberghe were officers when First
Choice was incorporated in 1999. Van Waeyenberghe served as the firm's chief
executive officer, and Ballinger was a principal. The company was formed to sell
investments.

A portion of the investments to First Choice, in excess of $7 million, went into
real estate ventures in Branson. That included a 270-unit hotel called the
Branson Inn, two large theaters used by well-known entertainers and a
restaurant, Bradley said.

The Branson properties were purchased and operated by Forever Country Theatres
Inc., a company run by Van Waeyenberghe and a partner, Dennis Weaver of Jackson,
Tenn.

After First Choice was ordered shut down, Van Waeyenberghe was removed.
Ballinger, Weaver and others, including Benny Morris of Palm Harbor, Fla.,
renamed the company Branson City Limits Inc. and continued operating the
properties.

Ballinger's group began selling time-share interests in the hotel that allegedly
failed to conform with securities laws. This action created the second set of
investors, Bradley explained.

"We're now chasing the same cast of characters," he said.

Loose ends

 Ballinger and Van Waeyenberghe are not the only parties involved in legal
actions.

Weaver, who court records say received at least $2.8 million from the Branson
offerings, has been ordered to stop selling unregistered securities by state
authorities in Tennessee.

Morris, who made at least $1.3 million, was called to testify by the SEC about
his role in the operation, according to court records. He refused to answer most
of the questions, citing his right against self-incrimination.

Both men are defendants in the Ballinger complaint.

For Bradley, the crossing of the complex legal paths of Ballinger and Van
Waeyenberghe has created another conflict.

He's under a court order in the Van Waeyenberghe case to pursue the First Choice
assets, while a federal judge in the Ballinger case has issued an order freezing
the same holdings.

Bradley now has to coordinate his efforts with the court-appointed receiver in
the Ballinger case, who represents people who invested in the hotel timeshares.

It was the SEC's position -- and Bradley agreed -- that there are two distinct
groups of investors whose claims arise from two different activities.

A receiver is given authority by the court to manage the business affairs and
preserve the assets of the defendants.

Staff writer Matthew S. Galbraith:

mgalbraith@sbtinfo.com

(574) 235-6359



LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                 Copyright 2004 South Bend Tribune Corporation

                             229 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                           November 8, 2014 Saturday
                                  Main Edition

Local in brief

BYLINE: Christopher Seward; Staff and news services

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 11A

LENGTH: 415 words


COURTS

Four sentenced in mortgage fraud

Four metro Atlantans were sentenced to either probation or federal prison this
week after using fake documents to obtain more than $2.7 million in home loans.

The co-conspirators , who were convicted on charges that included conspiracy and
mail and wire fraud, used straw borrowers to apply for and obtain loans in a
scheme that began in 2008, according to U.S. Attorney Sally Quillian Yates.

Yates' office identified the defendants as Patrice Hairston, 52, of
Lawrenceville; Sarah Hyldahl, 32, of Marietta; Bonnie Rose, 54, of Jonesboro;
and Ronnika Allen, 30, of Powder Springs.

Prosecutors said straw borrowers were provided with falsified information
pertaining to employment, income and assets and submitted fake W-2s and bank
statements. Prosecutors said Hairston and Rose purchased and lived in homes
using similar bogus loan information.

After appearing before a U.S. District judge in Atlanta, Hairston received five
years and four months in prison; Hyldahl received a year and a day in prison;
Rose received three years of probation; and Allen received two years of
probation.

The four also must pay restitution, with Hyldahl and Rose expected to pay the
most, $798,299 and $339,531, respectively. Christopher Seward

PUBLIC UTILITIES

TVA board votes to give CEO $1 million raise

The Tennessee Valley Authority's president and CEO could earn more than $1
million extra this year.

The Chattanooga Times Free Press reported the agency's board voted unanimously
on Thursday to raise Bill Johnson's salary and performance pay after the
60-year-old attorney met all of TVA's targets for 2014.

TVA nearly doubled its net income, cut its debt, and got its nuclear plants off
the regulatory watch list in the past year.

TVA Director Barbara Haskew of Chattanooga recommended that Johnson's $950,000
base salary be raised 4.7 percent to $995,000 and that the board boost
performance incentives and longevity.

It all adds up to more than $1 million extra in cash benefits Johnson could earn
in 2015 over this year's pay. He is currently the nation's highest paid federal
employee.

Johnson was paid a total compensation package in fiscal 2013 valued at $5.9
million in cash and retirement benefits. TVA will reveal details of what it paid
its top executives in fiscal 2014 in a couple of weeks.

TVA is the nation's largest public utility, serving 9 million people in parts of
Tennessee, Alabama, Mississippi, Kentucky, Georgia, North Carolina and Virginia.
Associated Press

LOAD-DATE: November 8, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2014 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                             230 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 April 23, 1992, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

New England Now Focus of Bank Inquiry

BYLINE: By DAVID JOHNSTON,  Special to The New York Times

SECTION: Section D; Page 1; Column 6; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 810 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, April 22


Federal authorities are investigating more than 230 cases of suspected banking
fraud in New England that could amount to more than $1 billion, shifting the
chief focus of their banking inquiries from the Southwest.

Officers of financial institutions are suspected in some cases, while the
institutions were the victims of outsiders in other cases, the authorities said.

Thomas A. Hughes, the special agent in charge of the Boston office of the
Federal Bureau of Investigation, said in an interview today that the number of
cases involving allegations of large-scale fraud has increased sharply in the
last two years at financial institutions in New England.

'We Are Talking About Fraud'

The dimensions of the New England investigations were first reported by The
Boston Globe today, and Mr. Hughes told the newspaper: "We're not talking about
business ethics here. We are talking about fraud."

Nearly all the cases reportedly involve real estate, including false loan
applications, hidden second mortgages and straw borrowers who purportedly
received kickbacks for the use of their names in getting loans for others.

John C. Eckenrode, a supervisory F.B.I. agent, told The Globe, "The numbers are
astounding -- the number of cases, the amount of lost money and the exposure --
and it's all tied to real estate speculation."

In the interview today, Mr. Hughes said, "We saw the beginnings of the problem
in the early 1990's," prompting the Justice Department to augment its
investigative task force in New England. "Clearly, at that time, the caseload of
significant fraud was mushrooming," he said.

The Boston office is responsible for investigations in Massachusetts, New
Hampshire, Rhode Island and Maine, and is looking into fraud allegations
involving institutions in all of those states.

Other law-enforcement officials emphasized that though the New England cases of
financial fraud were serious and extensive, they were unlikely to ever reach the
scale uncovered in the Southwest.

"The numbers don't approach anything like what you had in Dallas," said Laurence
Urgenson of the Justice Department's criminal division. "You had single
institutions in which losses are larger than what is expected in New England."

For example, in the case of Vernon Savings Association of Texas alone, losses
totaled to $1.3 billion, Federal regulators said.

But Mr. Hughes said in today's interview that the Boston office currently ranked
second only to Los Angeles in the volume of financial fraud cases currently
under investigation with losses greater than $1 million. Many of the big cases
resulting from the Southwest investigations have already been prosecuted.

In explaining why the widespread fraud that was apparent in the Southwest and
West by the late 1980's is only now emerging in New England, Mr. Hughes cited
the stress of the recent economic decline, along with a recent drop in real
estate prices, as possible factors in bringing the fraud into the open.

The New England cases are unlike those in the Southwest, which often involved
freewheeling savings and loan operators and high-risk investments. "The ratio of
banks to savings and loans is different," Mr. Urgenson said. "The prototypical
high-flying buccaneers are not anywhere near as prevalent in New England."

Mr. Hughes said there were 153 cases currently under investigation by the Boston
office involving losses of more than $100,000, compared with 68 such cases in
January 1990. In addition, there are 79 cases currently under investigation
involving losses of $1 million, compared with 58 such cases in January 1991.

Mr. Urgenson added that the extent of the problem took longer to emerge in New
England because fewer institutions were as financially depleted as those in the
Southwest, and regulatory agencies generally exerted greater scrutiny over their
activities.

Mr. Hughes said the heavy volume of cases led Federal authorities to establish a
profile of transactions to isolate potentially fraudulent transactions. He said
loans to watch included those for large condominium projects, all financing
obtained from 1983 to 1989, loans at or near default, loans involving borrowers
who appeared not to meet eligibility requirements and loans in which there was a
small or no down payment.

Criminal fraud is suspected to have played a factor in the collapse of a
increasing number of New England financial institutions, Mr. Hughes said. The
number of failures rose from three in 1990 to 20 at present.

The Globe reported that a number of the cases under investigation were similar
to one involving U.S. Funding of America, a now-closed mortgage brokerage and
lending company in Massachusetts. A Federal grand jury last week indicted 15
people on charges of defrauding nearly 40 lending institutions about $20 million
from from 1985 to to 1989.

LOAD-DATE: April 23, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company

                             231 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Mecklenburg Times (Charlotte, NC)

                            October 31, 2014 Friday

Charlotte region's mortgage-fraud risk declines

BYLINE: Roberta Fuchs

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 368  words


The risk of mortgage fraud in the Charlotte metro region declined 7.8 percent in
the second quarter from the same period last year, according to CoreLogic's
latest Mortgage Application Fraud Risk Index.

The risk rate fell 12.2 percent in the Charlotte-Concord-Gastonia region in the
second quarter when compared with the first quarter.

CoreLogic looks at fraud in employment, identity, income, intention to occupy,
property value and undisclosed debt when applying for a mortgage to create its
index.

Nationally, the risk of mortgage fraud increased 3.2 percent in the 12 months
ending in the second quarter. While the index saw a year-over-year increase, it
has fluctuated, showing a 4.1 decrease from the first to the second quarter.

CoreLogic said many factors affect fraud risk, including job creation and aging
negative credit records from the recession that allow more consumers to apply
for mortgages. Changes to government regulations have placed additional scrutiny
on debt and irregular income, such as bonuses and rental payments. In certain
markets, rapidly rising home prices encourage rental investors, as well as
occupants, to buy now. And, the increase of single-family properties in the
rental market have expanded the number of property owners who show rental income
and multiple mortgages. Finally, deferred maintenance on some properties and
rapid appreciation of others have led to large discrepancies between nearby
properties, increasing incorrect valuation opportunities and fraud-for-profit
schemes.

The states with the highest yearly growth in application fraud risk are Florida
(72.6 percent); New Jersey (62.4 percent); New York (58.2 percent); Mississippi
(34.5 percent); and Connecticut (33.8 percent). During the second quarter,
mortgage application fraud risk reached the highest level since 2010 in
Mississippi, Florida, New Jersey, Rhode Island, Connecticut and New York.

States with the largest declines are Arizona (45.4 percent); West Virginia (39.6
percent); Virginia (31.1 percent); Washington, D.C. (31.1 percent); and Colorado
(25.8 percent).

http://www.mecktimes.com/be-the-first-to-know/ Click here for more from this
resource.

© 2014 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: November 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved

                             232 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Timaru Herald (New Zealand)

                            April 17, 2013 Wednesday

City could lose $3b to fraud, Chch warned

BYLINE: Tamlyn Stewart

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 368 words


Canterbury organisations need to be on guard against potentially billions of
dollars' worth of fraud as the post- quake rebuild of Christchurch gears up, a
forensics expert says.

Based on overseas experience, about $3 billion could be lost, KPMG's head of
forensics in New Zealand, Stephen Bell, says.

The accountant's fraud, bribery and corruption survey of 2012, which canvassed
about 140 New Zealand respondents, reveals that, nationally, $18.26 million was
lost to fraud between February 1, 2010 and January 31, 2012, up 7 per cent, or
$1.26m, since 2008.

The survey measures occupational fraud which means money stolen from an
organisation, and includes credit card fraud. It does not include collusion,
investor fraud or financial statement fraud.

Bell said 38 per cent of companies responding to the survey said they did not
have clear anti-bribery and corruption policies and procedures in place.

New Zealand organisations needed to plan for, implement and/or improve their
prevention, detection and response strategies.

Bell said Christchurch was particularly at risk of fraud because there would be
an influx of public and private money coming into the region for the rebuild.

It was "inevitable" that fraud would occur, he said.

In the United States, the FBI had estimated fraud of about US$6b (NZ$7b) around
the recovery from Hurricane Katrina, which hit New Orleans in 2005, or about 10
per cent of total spending there, Bell said.

If the same formula was applied to the Christchurch rebuild and its estimated
$30b rebuild bill, there was potential for fraud of about $3b.

However Bell said he was encouraged by the fact the Serious Fraud Office and the
Ministry of Justice were "front-footing" fraud prevention strategies in the
region.

The top three vulnerable sectors were public administration and safety,
financial and insurance, and manufacturing.

--------------------

CAPTION:

Ripe for fraud: Houses in New Orleans, Louisiana with water at the level of
their eaves one week after Hurricane Katrina went through Louisiana,
Mississippi, and Alabama September 5, 2005. The FBI had estimated fraud of about
US$6 billion around the

recovery from Hurricane Katrina, which hit New Orleans in 2005.

Picture: REUTERS

LOAD-DATE: April 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2013 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved

                             233 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Southland Times (New Zealand)

                            April 17, 2013 Wednesday

Rebuild 'could cost $3b in fraud'

BYLINE: Tamlyn Stewart

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 358 words


Canterbury organisations need to be on guard against potentially billions of
dollars' worth of fraud as the post-quake rebuild of Christchurch gears up, a
forensics expert says.

Based on overseas experience, about $3 billion could be lost, KPMG's head of
forensics in New Zealand, Stephen Bell, says.

The accountant's fraud, bribery and corruption survey last year, which canvassed
about 140 New Zealand respondents, reveals that, nationally, $18.26 million was
lost to fraud between February 2010 and January 2012, up 7 per cent, or $1.26m,
since 2008.

The survey measures occupational fraud, which refers to money stolen from an
organisation, and includes credit card fraud.

It does not include collusion, investor fraud or financial statement fraud.

Bell said 38 per cent of companies responding to the survey said they did not
have clear anti- bribery and corruption policies and procedures in place.

New Zealand organisations needed to plan for, implement and/or improve their
prevention, detection and response strategies.

Bell said Christchurch was particularly at risk of fraud because there would be
an influx of public and private money coming into the region for the rebuild.

It was "inevitable" that fraud would take place, he said.

In the United States, the FBI had estimated fraud of about US$6b (NZ$7b) was
linked to the recovery from Hurricane Katrina, which hit New Orleans in 2005, or
about 10 per cent of total spending there, Bell said. If the same formula was
applied to the Christchurch rebuild and its estimated $30b rebuild bill, there
was potential for fraud of about $3b.

However, Bell said he was encouraged by the fact that the Serious Fraud Office
and the Ministry of Justice were "front- footing" fraud prevention strategies in
the Canterbury region. The top three vulnerable sectors were public
administration and safety, finance and insurance, and manufacturing. Fairfax NZ

--------------------

CAPTION:

Ripe for fraud: Biloxi's Sharksheads T-shirt and souvenir store in Mississippi,
after Hurricane Katrina hit in 2005. The FBI estimates that fraud of about NZ$7
billion is linked to the recovery from the hurricane.

Picture: REUTERS

LOAD-DATE: April 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2013 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved

                             234 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      East Valley Tribune (Mesa, Arizona)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              June 24, 2011 Friday

Mesa woman indicted in mortgage fraud-related offenses

BYLINE: Mike Sakal, The Tribune, Mesa, Ariz.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 317 words


June 24--Five people including a 48-year-old Mesa woman were charged with
mortgage fraud-related offenses in the U.S. District Court in Dallas, the court
announced on Thursday.

Theresa Fey Barsema, a licensed escrow officer who worked at American Title
Insurance, was charged with one count of bank fraud, four counts of wire fraud
and one count of engaging in a monetary transaction with criminally derived
properties that generated $8.8 million in fraudulent loans for 23 property
closings.

The indictment alleges that from April 2005 to April 2007, Barsema and the other
defendants ran a scheme in which they located single-family homes for sale in
the Dallas-Fort Worth area such as excess inventory, distressed and
pre-foreclosure properties and negotiated a sales price with the seller. They
fraudulently received loan proceeds when they submitted bogus invoices to the
title companies that falsely represented that they had performed work on the
properties such as consulting or legal services, the indictment says.

The defendants are accused of recruiting individuals to act as "straw
purchasers" or "straw borrowers," promising to pay them a bonus or commission
ranging from $3,500 to $25,000 for their participation in the transaction. The
loan applications concealed information that would have revealed the borrower's
true financial condition to make the lender more likely to approve the loan,
according to information from the U.S. District Court in Dallas.

A court date has not been scheduled for Barsema, who will appear before a
federal judge in Arizona.

To see more of The Tribune, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.eastvalleytribune.com. Copyright (c) 2011, The Tribune, Mesa, Ariz.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: June 26, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110624-MZ-Mesa-woman-indicted-in-mortgage-fraud
-related-offenses-0624-20110624

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MZ


                       Copyright 2011 East Valley Tribune

                             235 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       TELEGRAM & GAZETTE (Massachusetts)

                           January 18, 2006 Wednesday
                                  ALL EDITIONS

DIGEST

SECTION: BUSINESS; DIGEST; Pg. E2

LENGTH: 156 words

DATELINE: CONCORD, N.H.


Worcester man indicted in fraud scheme

The former chief financial officer of a Connecticut company has been indicted in
a bank fraud and embezzlement scheme in New Hampshire. U.S. Attorney Thomas
Colantuono said yesterday that John Carney, 56, of Worcester, Mass., has been
charged with conspiracy, bank fraud and wire fraud.

Carney had been an executive of Bridgeport Metal Goods Corp., which made
packaging for cosmetics and toiletries at a plant in Hinsdale, Colantuono said.
The indictment charges that Carney and other unidentified employees of the
company secured loans in excess of $2 million from Wells Fargo Credit Inc. with
false sales invoices and inflated inventory. The indictment also accuses Carney
of embezzling $76,000 from the Connecticut company.

Carney's trial is scheduled for March 7. Colantuono said that if convicted,
Carney could be imprisoned up to 55 years and be fined as much as $2.25 million.

From wire reports

LOAD-DATE: January 19, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2006 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             236 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                  November 15, 2001 Thursday Marshall Edition

2 found guilty of mail fraud in alleged investment scheme

BYLINE: By MATTHEW S. GALBRAITH; Tribune Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. D4

LENGTH: 411 words


SOUTH BEND -- A federal jury has found two men, including one from Walkerton,
guilty of committing mail fraud while allegedly carrying out an investment fraud
scheme organized by a Mishawaka man.

The jury returned the guilty verdicts late Tuesday against Donald Sims, 59, of
Walkerton, and David Lambertsen, 55, of Lisle, Ill., in the sixth day of their
trial. U.S. District Judge Robert L. Miller Jr. set sentencing for Feb. 12,
2002.

Two other defendants, Patrick Ballinger of Mishawaka and Michael Kline of Tampa,
Fla., each pleaded guilty to a single count of mail fraud within the past three
weeks, court records show.

Mail fraud was the 49th and final count of an indictment returned against the
four by a federal grand jury in February.

Jurors found Sims and Lambertsen innocent of the first 48 fraud charges in the
indictment.

The defendants were charged with conspiring to defraud numerous investors from
1997 to 2000. The 56-year-old Ballinger was listed as the organizer in the
indictment.

Investors were issued promissory notes indicating that their money was going
into automobile finance programs that supplied credit to purchasers with poor
credit.

The automobile loans were not purchased as promised, the government charged, but
used instead to enrich the defendants.

Sims' role was to locate investors, records show. The other defendants managed
several corporations created to give the operation legitimacy and they issued
documents such as reinvestment notices.

Among the corporations set up were GenStar, Auto Plus, Dealer Direct Acceptance
Corp. and Auto Plus Dealer Direct.

At least 28 investors were known to the grand jury.

Trial testimony indicated that evidence included in the indictment was gathered
in a bank fraud case brought last year against Gary Van Waeyenberghe of
Mishawaka.

Van Waeyenberghe pleaded guilty to one count of bank fraud in November 2000 in
federal court. He was sentenced to a year in custody and three years of
supervised release, fined $2,000 plus costs, and ordered to pay restitution of
$50,365 to Lake City Bank in Warsaw.

Twice convicted of felonies including mail fraud, conspiracy and preparing false
tax returns since 1987, Van Waeyenberghe is also a defendant in a civil suit
filed by the Securities and Exchange Commission alleging a nationwide fraud
scheme involving high-risk automobile loans.

Staff writer Matthew S. Galbraith:

mgalbraith@sbtinfo.com

(219) 235-6359


LOAD-DATE: November 27, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                 Copyright 2001 South Bend Tribune Corporation

                             237 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                November 15, 2001 Thursday Penn/Elkhart Edition

Two found guilty of mail fraud in alleged loan scheme

BYLINE: By MATTHEW S. GALBRAITH; Tribune Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. D4

LENGTH: 411 words


SOUTH BEND -- A federal jury has found two men, including one from Walkerton,
guilty of committing mail fraud while allegedly carrying out an investment fraud
scheme organized by a Mishawaka man.

The jury returned the guilty verdicts late Tuesday against Donald Sims, 59, of
Walkerton, and David Lambertsen, 55, of Lisle, Ill., in the sixth day of their
trial. U.S. District Judge Robert L. Miller Jr. set sentencing for Feb. 12,
2002.

Two other defendants, Patrick Ballinger of Mishawaka and Michael Kline of Tampa,
Fla., each pleaded guilty to a single count of mail fraud within the past three
weeks, court records show.

Mail fraud was the 49th and final count of an indictment returned against the
four by a federal grand jury in February.

Jurors found Sims and Lambertsen innocent of the first 48 fraud charges in the
indictment.

The defendants were charged with conspiring to defraud numerous investors from
1997 to 2000. The 56-year-old Ballinger was listed as the organizer in the
indictment.

Investors were issued promissory notes indicating that their money was going
into automobile finance programs that supplied credit to purchasers with poor
credit.

The automobile loans were not purchased as promised, the government charged, but
used instead to enrich the defendants.

Sims' role was to locate investors, records show. The other defendants managed
several corporations created to give the operation legitimacy and they issued
documents such as reinvestment notices.

Among the corporations set up were GenStar, Auto Plus, Dealer Direct Acceptance
Corp. and Auto Plus Dealer Direct.

At least 28 investors were known to the grand jury.

Trial testimony indicated that evidence included in the indictment was gathered
in a bank fraud case brought last year against Gary Van Waeyenberghe of
Mishawaka.

Van Waeyenberghe pleaded guilty to one count of bank fraud in November 2000 in
federal court. He was sentenced to a year in custody and three years of
supervised release, fined $2,000 plus costs, and ordered to pay restitution of
$50,365 to Lake City Bank in Warsaw.

Twice convicted of felonies including mail fraud, conspiracy and preparing false
tax returns since 1987, Van Waeyenberghe is also a defendant in a civil suit
filed by the Securities and Exchange Commission alleging a nationwide fraud
scheme involving high-risk automobile loans.

Staff writer Matthew S. Galbraith:

mgalbraith@sbtinfo.com

(219) 235-6359


LOAD-DATE: November 27, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                 Copyright 2001 South Bend Tribune Corporation

                             238 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                              March 5, 2006 Sunday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Four charged with Katrina-aid fraud The Colorado residents misrepresented
themselves as evacuees, the U.S. attorney's office says.

BYLINE: Alicia Caldwell Denver Post Staff Writer

SECTION: DENVER & THE WEST; Pg. C-06

LENGTH: 526 words


Four Colorado residents were arrested Friday and accused of defrauding the
government and a private charity by misrepresenting themselves as Hurricane
Katrina evacuees seeking aid.

As part of the scheme, the defendants called themselves evacuees in various
applications, forms and statements in an effort to obtain relief assistance -
including money, furniture and housing - that they were not otherwise qualified
to receive, according to the Colorado U.S. attorney's office.

"People who take advantage of a natural disaster for personal financial gain not
only hurt the government, but also take away from those who truly are in need of
assistance," Colorado U.S. Attorney Bill Leone said in a written statement.

Those arrested are:

Antionette Allen, 44, of Denver. She is charged with wire fraud and four counts
of mail fraud.

The wire fraud charge relates to accusations that she applied for Federal
Emergency Management Agency disaster assistance. The mail fraud charges stem
from four checks, each for $537, allegedly mailed from Catholic Charities for
rent.

Lindetta Brewer, 47, of Denver, faces two counts of wire fraud, four counts of
mail fraud, and one count of theft of public money.

The first wire fraud charge relates to her alleged application for disaster
assistance. The second involves the wire transfer of $2,000 from Texas into
Brewer's bank account in Colorado. The mail fraud charges involve four checks
Catholic Charities mailed on the defendant's behalf, totaling $3,121, for rent.
The theft count stems from the $2,000 in wired funds the defendant received from
FEMA.

Rhoda Gray, 45, of Denver, faces two counts of wire fraud, three counts of mail
fraud and one count of theft of public money.

The first wire fraud charge relates to a wire transmission of a FEMA Internet
application for disaster assistance. The second involves the subsequent wire
transfer of $2,000 into Gray's Colorado bank account. The mail fraud charges
involve three checks mailed by Catholic Charities on the defendant's behalf,
totaling $4,300, for housing. The theft of public money count stems from the
$2,000 in wired funds the defendant received from FEMA.

Roosevelt Gray, 48, of Aurora, faces one count of theft of public money and two
counts of wire fraud.

The theft of public money charge relates to accusations he took $2,000 in FEMA
disaster assistance that the defendant was not eligible to receive. The first
wire fraud charge relates to a wire transmission of a FEMA application for
disaster assistance and the second involves the subsequent wire transfer of
$2,000 in funds from Texas into Gray's Colorado bank account.

Hurricane Katrina struck New Orleans and adjacent areas on Aug. 29.

U.S. Attorney General Alberto Gonzales recently created the Hurricane Katrina
fraud task force to deter, investigate and prosecute disaster-related federal
crimes, such as charity fraud and insurance fraud.

To date, 23 U.S. attorney districts have charged 212 people, and have obtained
60 convictions of Hurricane Katrina-related fraud, according to the Colorado
U.S. attorney's office.

Staff writer Alicia Caldwell can be reached at 303-820-1930 or
acaldwell@denverpost.com.

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2006 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved

                             239 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                      June 15, 2005 Wednesday Home Edition

5 nabbed for mortgage fraud;
Suspects are second group charged under new state law

BYLINE: JOHN GHIRARDINI

SECTION: Gwinnett News; Pg. 1JJ;

LENGTH: 324 words


Five suspects in an alleged mortgage fraud scheme that could have netted them
$1.6 million were being held without bond Tuesday in the Gwinnett County jail.

The four men and one woman, arrested Monday, attempted to close a $5.5 million
loan on property at 720 W. Conway Drive N.W. in Atlanta, according to arrest
warrants.

The house and property had a total market value of $3.9 million, according to
city of Atlanta tax records from 2003. Homes well in the seven-figure range are
common in the area, not far from Buckhead.

The warrants state that a fraudulent appraisal was used in an attempt to obtain
a loan at a Countrywide Mortgage office in Lawrenceville.

Gwinnett detectives in the white-collar crimes unit refused to comment on the
case Tuesday, as did officials with the state Attorney General's Office.

On June 2, Gwinnett police made the first arrests under Georgia's Residential
Mortgage Fraud Act, enacted just this year.

Between 2000 and 2003, Georgia led the nation in incidents of mortgage fraud,
Attorney General Thurbert Baker said at a news conference announcing the
arrests.

That spurred Baker's office to lead a charge for a new law.

"Mortgage flipping or fraud involves a very sophisticated scheme to bilk lending
institutions and homeowners out of billions and billions of dollars," Baker
said.

Georgia's law provides stiff penalties of up to 10 years in prison and $5,000
fines for a single offense.

A "pattern of fraud" can draw up to 20 years' imprisonment and a $100,000 fine.

On Monday, Gwinnett police arrested Terri Ann Jones, 29, of Cleveland, Ohio;
John Besal Okey, 64, of Minnetonka, Minn.; Eric Yusef Mahmoud, 45, of
Minneapolis; Huey Pierce Blake, 47, of Grayson; and Raymond Lewis Stewart, 43,
of Stone Mountain.

They were charged with one count each of residential mortgage fraud.

* A version of this article may appear in today's Metro section.

LOAD-DATE: June 15, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                Copyright 2005 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                             240 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Reading Eagle (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            March 31, 2012 Saturday

Reading-born ophthalmologist sentenced for fraud

BYLINE: Reading Eagle, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 374 words


March 31--A Reading native and former assistant dean of Temple University's
School of Medicine was sentenced to seven years and three months in prison for
running a health care fraud scheme that netted him more than $1.8 million for
services rendered to patients he didn't actually see.

Dr. Joseph J. Kubacki, 63, of Destin, Fla., was sentenced Thursday. A federal
jury in August convicted Kubacki of 150 counts of health care fraud, wire fraud
and making false statements in health care matters.

Kubacki, who also was chairman of Temple's Ophthalmology Department, caused
thousands of false claims to be submitted to health care benefit programs with
false charges totaling more than $4.5 million between 1996 and 2007.

At Kubacki's direction, Ophthalmology Department staff stacked patient charts
outside Kubacki's office door at Temple University Hospital. The patients had
been seen by other physicians, but Kubacki falsified the charts by making
notations indicating that he had personally seen and evaluated them.

On some of the days he claimed to have treated patients, he wasn't in
Philadelphia but in other cities, including Las Vegas; Sarasota, Fla.; and
Indian Wells, Calif.

In addition to the prison term, U.S. District Court Judge Eduardo C. Robreno
ordered Kubacki to pay more than $1 million in restitution to Temple, $5,445 to
patients who paid co-payments and a $15,000 fine.

Kubacki earned a base salary of $210,000, a chair stipend of about $90,000 and a
bonus of about $60,000.

Kubacki ended his 28-year career at Temple in November 2007 when medical school
officials confronted him about the billing. The school brought it to the
government's attention after an internal investigation, prosecutors said.

Kubacki is a son of the late Reading Mayor John C. Kubacki, who was indicted on
extortion charges by a federal grand jury in 1964, the last year of his first
term.

John Kubacki was convicted along with reputed Reading mobster Abe Minker of
extorting $10,000 from parking meter vendors who were told they should pay up or
lose their city contracts. He was 78 when he died in November 1988.

___ (c)2012 the Reading Eagle (Reading, Pa.) Visit the Reading Eagle (Reading,
Pa.) at readingeagle.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120331-RE-Reading-born-ophthalmologist-sentenced-for-fraud
-0331-20120331

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RE


                          Copyright 2012 Reading Eagle

                             241 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                            October 17, 2011 Monday

Regional report / Stillwater couple indicted in mortgage fraud scheme

BYLINE: Pioneer Press

SECTION: INTL BIZ BRIEFING

LENGTH: 479 words


A Stillwater couple faces federal charges for allegedly orchestrating a mortgage
fraud scheme.

James Hoffman, 51, and his wife, Teresa Hoffman, 52, were indicted Tuesday on
one count of conspiracy to commit mortgage fraud through the use of interstate
wire and nine counts of mortgage fraud through interstate wire, the U.S.
attorney's office said Tuesday.

The couple arranged fraudulent mortgage transactions and recruited straw buyers
in deals dating back to 2001, according to the attorney's office. The estimated
loss to mortgage lenders is $5 million.

The mortgage fraud charges each carry a maximum penalty of 20 years in prison
and the conspiracy count carries a maximum five-year sentence.

Man sentenced for false tax returns

Christopher Fenske, a no-show last summer at his sentencing hearing for
preparing false tax returns, received a six-month prison term Tuesday.

Fenske, 44, appeared in federal court in Duluth for his sentencing by chief
Minnesota District Court judge Michael Davis.

The sentencing came a year to the day after Fenske was indicted on nine counts
of preparing false tax returns while employed at Jackson Hewitt Tax Service in
Bemidji.

The indictment accused him of falsely claiming additional earned income for nine
individuals. The move increased the size of the nine refunds - with an estimated
total tax loss to the government of $43,919. Fenske's attorney had noted Fenske
didn't receive any of the extra money provided by the fraudulent tax returns.

Fenske pleaded guilty in January to one count of preparing a false tax return.
In June, after he didn't appear for his first sentencing hearing in Minneapolis,
Davis issued a bench warrant for Fenske's arrest.

Johnson Controls to close Hudson plant

Glendale, Wis.-based Johnson Controls, maker of such products as automotive
equipment and facility systems and services, is closing a factory in Hudson,
Wis. The closing will result in 51 layoffs from Dec. 14 to Feb. 28. A
plant-closing notice was filed Monday with Wisconsin's Department of Workforce
Development.

BRIEFLY

The Mosaic Co., a Plymouth-based producer of crop nutrients, said it
successfully priced two series of notes for a total principal amount of $750
million. One series has an annual interest rate of 4.75 percent and matures Nov.
15, 2021. The other bears an annual rate of 4.875 percent and matures Nov. 15,
2041....Spineology Inc., an Oakdale-based developer of spinal implants and
instruments, said it received Food and Drug Administration clearance for its
Rampart line of interbody fusion implants. The product line will include a
variety of implant configurations, lengths and heights to provide a surgeon with
several options to fit patient needs....Edina-based Rimage Corp. announced that
a federal law enforcement agency recently placed a $2.36 million order for
Rimage's Digital Evidence Solutions.

- From staff and wire reports

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved

                             242 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 6, 2013 Friday

Washington: Cleveland Woman Sentenced to Nearly Four Years in Prison for
Financial Crimes

LENGTH: 434  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

A Cleveland woman was sentenced to nearly four years in prison and ordered to
pay $78,004 in restitution for financial crimes, said Steven M. Dettelbach,
United States Attorney for the Northern District of Ohio.

Jocelyn Hale, 32, was sentenced to 45 months of incarceration after pleading
guilty in October to one count of conspiracy to commit bank fraud and money
laundering, one count of conspiracy to commit wire fraud and money laundering,
one count of conspiracy to commit mail fraud and money laundering, four counts
of mail fraud, and one count of aggravated identity theft.

Hale's co-defendant, Angelique Bankston, 42, of South Euclid, was convicted by a
jury on November 21, 2013, after almost a three-week trial of all 23 counts
against her, including the counts listed above and one count of wire fraud, five
counts of bank fraud, four additional counts of mail fraud, four additional
counts of aggravated identity theft, one count of money laundering, and one
count of making a false statement.

In her plea agreement, Hale admitted to using identities of several individuals
without their authority, and assisting Bankston to defraud Citizens Bank,
Lending Club Corporation, and Wells Fargo Bank. Bankston and Hale funded one
Wells Fargo Bank account with fraudulent checks totaling $13,027.22 and then
attempted to quickly remove and launder the fraudulent proceeds.

Bankston and Hale also funded a second Wells Fargo Bank account with a
fraudulent tax return check in the amount of $6,172 and a Citizens Bank account
with illegally obtained funds from a fraudulently obtained Lending Club loan in
the amount of $30,000. Once the illegal obtain funds were deposited, Bankston
and Hale again quickly attempted to remove and launder those funds. Finally,
Hale admitted to assisting Bankston to defraud the Ohio Department of Job and
Family Services by filing false and fraudulent claims for unemployment benefits
using a fictitious company and fictitious employees based on stolen identities.

Bankston's sentencing is currently scheduled for April 23, 2014, at 10:00 a.m.
at the United States Federal Courthouse in Akron, Ohio.

This case was prosecuted by Assistant United States Attorney Mark S. Bennett and
Special Assistant United States Attorney Perry D. Mastrocola, following an
investigation by the Internal Revenue Service-Criminal Investigation, Federal
Bureau of Investigation, and United States Postal Inspection Service offices in
Cleveland.

For more information please visit: http://www.fbi.gov

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             243 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                American Banker

                            August 26, 2008 Tuesday

Report: Insider Doctoring Of Borrower Data Up Sharply

BYLINE: Kate Berry and Harry Terris

SECTION: MORTGAGES; Pg. 5 Vol. 173 No. 165

LENGTH: 669  words


Mortgage fraud incidents in which insiders in the lending process misrepresented
a borrower's information jumped 42% in the first quarter from a year earlier,
according to the Mortgage Asset Research Institute.

The antifraud software vendor, a unit of ChoicePoint Inc., said Florida
accounted for 24% of all properties with "material misrepresentation" on loan
applications in the quarter. California accounted for 10% of reported fraud
claims in the quarter, followed by Illinois, Maryland, and Michigan, each with
7%.

The figures are from a report the Reston, Va., institute released Monday on
fraud investigations by its own customers.

The reported incidents of fraud "all involved a professional somewhere in the
loan process, whether it was the originator, the underwriter or the loan
processor," said Jennifer Butts, the director of operations at the institute.
The report does not include incidents of consumer fraud in which a borrower
inflated their income or otherwise falsified information, she said.

Increased fraud has reverberated through the mortgage insurance industry, which
has been denying more claims after reviewing loans for fraud and faulty
underwriting, industry executives said. Lenders have been forced to reserve
heavily for loan repurchases.

Analysts at Fitch Inc. wrote in a report released last month that there is "the
probability that many potential claims on mortgage insurance policies may be
determined to be ineligible for coverage" because of fraud.

The type of fraud varies by state. In Maryland, 69% of fraud claims result from
misrepresentations on tax returns and financial statements, the institute found.
In Michigan, 38% of fraud claims involved misrepresentation of a borrower's
assets or debt. Borrowers in California and Illinois reported higher incidences
of employment misrepresentation, while Florida and Maryland reported more income
misrepresentation.

Ms. Butts said the majority of fraud in Florida and California involved
properties near the coastline. It is "easy to falsify information" for loans on
vacation homes and investment properties.

Fitch painted a largeley bleak outlook for the mortgage insurance sector, but
said "the level of rescissions related to" mortgages originated in 2006 and 2007
"will be significantly higher than historical experience, reducing the amount of
losses that will be incurred by" insurers. Factors include the recent
"prevalence of stated income loans (which have proven to be highly susceptible
to fraud)" and "looser underwriting controls at loan origination," Fitch said.

Large-scale rescissions pose some drawbacks for insurers by potentially
impairing "the value of mortgage insurance generally" and alienating "long-term
customers and beneficiaries even though the rescissions may be technically
justifiable," Fitch said.

During a conference call last month, Curt Culver, the chief executive of MGIC
Investment Corp., the nation's largest mortgage insurer as measured by
outstanding coverage, said that the Milwaukee company had been denying more
claims but that it had not stepped up its vetting efforts. During the second
quarter the number of denials at MGIC more than doubled from a year earlier, to
294, and the amount of claims it denied roughly tripled, to $23 million.

"What we're doing is not out of line with what we've always done. We've always
enforced the policy," Mr. Culver said. "It is up ... but it's not as though
we're looking for these in more detail than we always had." Rather, "we had a
number of loans that were done with reduced documentation that have just opened
themselves up for more investigation."

Fannie Mae said this month that it plans to quadruple its review of defaults for
"fraud or improper lending practices," to 4,000 a month, by the end of the year,
focusing on alternative-A mortgages. The government-sponsored enterprise also
said it is expanding its "quality-control reviews for targeted products and
practices" and that it is "on track to double" its antifraud investigations this
year.

URL: http://www.americanbanker.com/

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AB


                        Copyright 2008 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             244 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 27, 2013 Friday

Missouri: six indicted for arson, insurance fraud scheme, independence couple
also charged with illegal firearms

LENGTH: 808  words

DATELINE: Jefferson City


United States Attorney's Office for the western District of Missouri has issued
the following press release:

Tammy Dickinson, United States Attorney for the Western District of Missouri,
announced today that six individuals have been indicted by a federal grand jury
for their roles in an arson and insurance fraud conspiracy. One of the
conspirators has also been indicted separately, along with his wife, in a
conspiracy to illegally possess firearms.

USA v. Stamps, et al

Joshua Stamps, 26, of Independence, Mo., his mother, Randy Stamps, 55, John
Stanley Wayne, 30, Michael Smith, 26, and Luis Esquivel, 48, all of Kansas City,
Mo., and Roy Richard, 32, of Wichita, Kan., were charged in a 19-count
indictment returned under seal by a federal grand jury on Wednesday, Sept. 25,
2013. That indictment was unsealed and made public today upon the arrests and
initial court appearances of several defendants.

The federal indictment alleges Joshua Stamps led an arson and insurance fraud
conspiracy between 2007 and 2013 in which he bought houses, insured them for
more than they were worth, had them burned and made insurance claims on the
burned houses. Stamps and his co-conspirators allegedly bought, insured, and
burned five houses in Kansas City, Mo.  The total actual loss to insurance
companies in the scheme was $434,938, while the total intended loss was almost
$1.2 million.

According to the indictment, Stamps bought houses costing from $6,500 to
$15,000, using Randy Stamps and Smith as straw owners for three of the houses.
Other co-conspirators helped commit the arsons and/or acted as tenants so the
properties could be classified as rentals. Stamps and his co-conspirators then
insured the houses for much more than the purchase price, the indictment says,
in amounts from $88,000 to $307,000.  Stamps and his co-conspirators allegedly
made false statements on the insurance applications, claiming that the houses
were rented and/or occupied, that there were valuable contents in the houses,
and that the houses had been renovated. Stamps, Wayne, and other co-conspirators
allegedly set fire to the houses.  The listed owner of the house that burned
would then claim a total loss with the applicable insurance company and would
falsely claim they had no knowledge of, or involvement in, the fire.

In addition to the conspiracy, Joshua Stamps is charged with five counts of
using fire to commit a federal crime, four counts of arson, four counts of mail
fraud, one count of wire fraud and three counts of money laundering.

John Wayne is also charged with Joshua Stamps in two counts of using fire to
commit a federal crime and two counts of arson. According to the indictment,
Wayne's pants were on fire as he ran from the arson at 4901 Agnes, so he took
them off and left them in the street. Michael Smith is also charged with Joshua
Stamps in one count of mail fraud and one count of wire fraud.

Richard is also charged with wire fraud. Randy Stamps is also charged with mail
fraud. Luis Esquivel is also charged with wire fraud.

USA v. Stamps, Loyd

Joshua Stamps and his wife, Candice Loyd, 28, were charged in a separate and
unrelated three-count indictment that was also returned under seal by a federal
grand jury on Wednesday, Sept. 25, 2013.

The federal indictment alleges that Stamps and Loyd, who were not married at the
time, participated in a conspiracy to illegally possess two firearms from June
2, 2008, to April 9,2013. The purpose of the conspiracy was for Loyd to obtain
firearms for Stamps, who could not legally own firearms due to his felony
conviction.

The indictment alleges that Loyd bought a Taurus 9mm pistol on June 2, 2008.
When Kansas City police officers executed a search warrant at the residence of
Stamps and Loyd, the indictment says, they found the Taurus 9mm pistol as well
as a Ruger .40-caliber pistol inside a safe in the children's bedroom. Loyd
initially claimed to be the owner of the firearms, according to the indictment.
Loyd did not have a combination to the safe, the indictment says, and eventually
told police that Stamps had access to the safe and the combination to the safe.
When officers forced the safe open, they recovered the two firearms and
ammunition.

Under federal law, it is illegal for anyone who has been convicted of a felony
to be in possession of any firearm or ammunition. In addition to the conspiracy,
Stamps and Loyd are each charged in two counts of the indictment with aiding and
abetting each other for Stamps, who has a prior felony conviction, to possess a
firearm.

Dickinson cautioned that the charges contained in these indictments are simply
accusations, and not evidence of guilt. Evidence supporting the charges must be
presented to a federal trial jury, whose duty is to determine guilt or
innocence.

For more information please visit: http://www.justice.gov/usao/mow

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             245 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                April 2, 1983, Saturday, Late City Final Edition

3 Are Charged In Silver Fraud

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section 1; Page 30, Column 4; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 102 words

DATELINE: CHICAGO, April 1


Three former brokerage firm members have been indicted by a Federal grand jury
for their involvement in a scheme to defraud silver futures traders by dealing
in a $25 million account without adequate margins, an Assistnat United States
Attorney, Luke Kolman, said.

A indictment accuses Donald D. Dial of Carrollton, Tex., and Horace G. Salmon of
St. Louis of wire fraud and mail fraud and of filing a false form in violation
of the Commodity Exchange Act. Norman Kirst of Fond du Lac, Wis., is charged
with wire fraud.

The three were formerly associated with the Clayton Brokerage Company of St.
Louis Inc.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1983 The New York Times Company

                             246 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      The Halifax Daily News (Nova Scotia)

                             June 19, 2007 Tuesday

Tips needed to help stop welfare fraud

SECTION: ADVICE; Pg. 32

LENGTH: 412  words


DEAR ABBY: Thank you, thank you, for publishing the letter from "Ticked Off in
Topeka, Kan." (April 18) concerning welfare fraud, including Section 8 housing
fraud. I am an investigator for a housing authority, and our agency is dedicated
to maintaining the integrity of the program and protecting the taxpayer dollars
entrusted to us. Not a day goes by that I don't hear, "I don't want to get
anyone in trouble, but ..."

Please let your readers know that if they call in with a fraud tip, they are not
the ones who are getting anyone in trouble. The people who decided to commit the
fraud or do the crime got themselves in trouble.

Quite often it is neighbours, friends and family members who are our eyes and
ears. It is important that they let us know when someone is defrauding the
system. No one will lose assistance just because of a tip. We investigate every
case and, if proven, the tenants are given an opportunity to appeal and to have
a hearing. There are too many families on the waiting list and too many people
who need help for fraud to go unreported. - INVESTIGATOR IN OKLAHOMA CITY

DEAR INVESTIGATOR: I hope "Ticked Off" will take your advice - and mine - and
report this "friend" to the proper authorities. Many readers voiced their
frustration, while others offered helpful suggestions. Read on:

DEAR ABBY: This makes me so mad! My family struggles each and every month with
no public assistance. Abby, I don't want to be rich or live in a palace. I just
want to go to bed each night knowing my kids' bellies are full and that they
have a roof over their heads. We live on macaroni and cheese and ramen noodles,
not steak and lobster. If this "friend" is committing fraud, I say report her,
because if you are working and paying taxes into the welfare account, she's
cheating you, too. - KEEPING IT REAL IN KISSIMMEE

DEAR ABBY: Way to go, Abby! Americans need to stop overlooking the dishonesty
they encounter. Thank you for encouraging "Ticked Off" to take a stand. - G.M.,
MONTROSE, COLO.

DEAR ABBY: I have worked for the Section 8 program administered by the state of
Michigan for more than 20 years. This federally funded program is intended for
the aid of the elderly, disabled individuals and low-income families. A thief
who steals from Section 8 is also stealing from those in our society who most
desperately need our help. Complaints of fraud should be submitted to HUD by
calling the toll-free number: (800) 347-3735. - ALSO TICKED OFF, LANSING, MICH.

LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2007 The Halifax Daily News, a division of Transcontinental Media
                                   Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             247 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                            August 13, 2011 Saturday
                                 THIRD EDITION

Nation digest

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A15

LENGTH: 568 words

DATELINE: 0


Russia, China cited for cyberspying

The military and intelligence services of Russia and China are conducting a
sustained campaign to steal American commercial and military secrets through
cyberespionage, according to the chairman of the House Intelligence Committee,
and he warned that sophisticated computer hacking poses a major danger to U.S.
interests. "Nation-states are investing huge amounts of time, personnel and
money to steal our data," Rep. Mike Rogers, R-Mich., said Friday in a speech.

Mortgage fraud widespread, FBI says - Mortgage fraud remains widespread in the
depressed housing market, with perpetrators motivated by high profits and little
risk of getting caught, the FBI said Friday. The FBI's annual report on mortgage
fraud said the total cost is unknown. Real estate firm CoreLogic says more than
$10 billion in loans were made with fraudulent application data in 2010, the
report noted.

Anthony must return - Casey Anthony must return to Orlando, Fla., within two
weeks to serve a year's probation for check fraud, a Florida judge ruled Friday.
Judge Belvin Perry said that Anthony must follow an order issued by another
judge and report to a probation officer no later than noon on Aug. 26.

Obama tour set - President Barack Obama's three-day, campaign-style bus tour of
Midwestern states will begin Monday with a town hall-style event in Cannon
Falls, Minn., followed by a second question-and answer session in Decorah, Iowa.
On Tuesday, Obama will hold a rural economic forum in Peosta, Iowa. Before
returning to the White House on Wednesday, Obama will preside at town hall-style
events in the Illinois towns of Atkinson and Alpha. On Thursday, he plans to
join his family on their annual vacation in Martha's Vineyard, Mass.

Alabama county on edge of bankruptcy - In an effort to avoid filing the largest
municipal bankruptcy in U.S. history, officials in an Alabama county Friday
flirted with a potential settlement with creditors but eventually decided to
take a few more weeks to try to hammer out a better deal. Jefferson County, the
state's most populous, is staggering under a $3.14 billion debt incurred after
officials borrowed money to fix their troubled sewer system, and then entered
into a number of complicated and corruption-laced refinancing deals that
backfired in 2007 with the mortgage lending crisis.

Immigration suit filed - A Chicago immigration group has filed a class-action
lawsuit in federal court against the Department of Homeland Security, charging
that its practice of asking local police to hold immigrants through immigration
detainers when there's no evidence of illegal activity is unconstitutional. An
immigration detainer is a request from DHS' Immigration and Customs Enforcement
to another law enforcement agency to keep individuals in custody so that ICE can
investigate their immigration status.

2 officers in a heap of trouble - Two Colorado police officers traveling to
represent their department at another lawman's funeral are on desk duty after
authorities say they took an alcohol-fueled ride through Wyoming with their
emergency lights flashing and a beer cooler in the back seat. Aurora officers
Bradley Bickett and Gerald Kirby, each with more than 30 years on the force, are
accused of speeding past traffic with their emergency lights on and tossing
trash from a window on their way to the South Dakota funeral of a fallen police
officer.

LOAD-DATE: August 16, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: BRIEF

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2011 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             248 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                            August 13, 2011 Saturday
                                 FIRST EDITION

digest

BYLINE: - Read full versions of these stories and the latest national news at
stltoday.com/news/national.|||

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A15

LENGTH: 568 words

DATELINE: 0


Russia, China cited for cyberspying

The military and intelligence services of Russia and China are conducting a
sustained campaign to steal American commercial and military secrets through
cyberespionage, according to the chairman of the House Intelligence Committee,
and he warned that sophisticated computer hacking poses a major danger to U.S.
interests. "Nation-states are investing huge amounts of time, personnel and
money to steal our data," Rep. Mike Rogers, R-Mich., said Friday in a speech.

Mortgage fraud widespread, FBI says - Mortgage fraud remains widespread in the
depressed housing market, with perpetrators motivated by high profits and little
risk of getting caught, the FBI said Friday. The FBI's annual report on mortgage
fraud said the total cost is unknown. Real estate firm CoreLogic says more than
$10 billion in loans were made with fraudulent application data in 2010, the
report noted.

Anthony must return - Casey Anthony must return to Orlando, Fla., within two
weeks to serve a year's probation for check fraud, a Florida judge ruled Friday.
Judge Belvin Perry said that Anthony must follow an order issued by another
judge and report to a probation officer no later than noon on Aug. 26.

Obama tour set - President Barack Obama's three-day, campaign-style bus tour of
Midwestern states will begin Monday with a town hall-style event in Cannon
Falls, Minn., followed by a second question-and answer session in Decorah, Iowa.
On Tuesday, Obama will hold a rural economic forum in Peosta, Iowa. Before
returning to the White House on Wednesday, Obama will preside at town hall-style
events in the Illinois towns of Atkinson and Alpha. On Thursday, he plans to
join his family on their annual vacation in Martha's Vineyard, Mass.

Alabama county on edge of bankruptcy - In an effort to avoid filing the largest
municipal bankruptcy in U.S. history, officials in an Alabama county Friday
flirted with a potential settlement with creditors but eventually decided to
take a few more weeks to try to hammer out a better deal. Jefferson County, the
state's most populous, is staggering under a $3.14 billion debt incurred after
officials borrowed money to fix their troubled sewer system, and then entered
into a number of complicated and corruption-laced refinancing deals that
backfired in 2007 with the mortgage lending crisis.

Immigration suit filed - A Chicago immigration group has filed a class-action
lawsuit in federal court against the Department of Homeland Security, charging
that its practice of asking local police to hold immigrants through immigration
detainers when there's no evidence of illegal activity is unconstitutional. An
immigration detainer is a request from DHS' Immigration and Customs Enforcement
to another law enforcement agency to keep individuals in custody so that ICE can
investigate their immigration status.

2 officers in a heap of trouble - Two Colorado police officers traveling to
represent their department at another lawman's funeral are on desk duty after
authorities say they took an alcohol-fueled ride through Wyoming with their
emergency lights flashing and a beer cooler in the back seat. Aurora officers
Bradley Bickett and Gerald Kirby, each with more than 30 years on the force, are
accused of speeding past traffic with their emergency lights on and tossing
trash from a window on their way to the South Dakota funeral of a fallen police
officer.

LOAD-DATE: August 14, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: BRIEF

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2011 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             249 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 March 15, 1994, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

PROSECUTORS LINK HONDA FRAUD CASES TO U.S. EXECUTIVES

BYLINE: By DORON P. LEVIN,   Special to The New York Times

SECTION: Section A;  Page 1;  Column 4;  Financial Desk

LENGTH: 1512 words

DATELINE: CONCORD, N.H., March 14


Federal prosecutors are uncovering a long-running fraud in which American
executives of the Honda Motor Company pocketed more than $10 million in bribes
and kickbacks paid by car dealers. In return, the dealers received permission to
open lucrative dealerships and obtained scarce Honda automobiles that they could
sell at a large profit.

Some of the payments came in the form of college tuition for the son of one
former Honda executive, as well as gifts like watches, jewelry and barbecue
grills for other Honda officials.

Prosecutors said that the largest amount of cash and gifts went to Honda's top
sales executive in the United States, Stanley James Cardiges, who served as a
senior vice president of the American Honda Motor Company, Honda's United States
sales organization, until he retired in 1992.

Mr. Cardiges, 48, who was arrested Friday at his home in Laguna Hills, Calif.,
funneled tens of thousands of dollars in payments from dealers through a
furniture store, the prosecutors said today. The store applied the money as
credit for furniture that Mr. Cardiges purchased, they added.


Fraud and Racketeering

Mr. Cardiges was indicted by a Federal grand jury, whose indictments were
unsealed here today and announced at a news conference called by the
prosecutors. He is one of five former Honda executives identified in the
indictments, which included his predecessor in the top sales job. All have been
arrested and were charged with various forms of fraud, as well as racketeering
and conspiracy charges.

Eight other former Honda executives also agreed to plead guilty today to Federal
crimes connected to the illegal payments. Michael Connolly, an assistant United
States attorney in Concord who led the investigation, said the eight executives
agreed to cooperate in a widening investigation in return for recommendations of
leniency in sentencing. Sentencing could begin this summer, Mr. Connolly said.

Though the Government does not rank large white-collar frauds, investigators
said their nationwide inquiry is one of the most extensive ever, in terms of the
number of Federal investigators focusing on a sales conspiracy within a company.
The scheme now seems to have involved, during the last 14 years, dozens of Honda
dealerships across the nation, as well as dealers for Honda's Acura luxury-car
division.

In a statement today, Honda portrayed itself as a victim of a criminal
conspiracy of its employees. The Japanese auto maker said it had been defrauded
of "millions of dollars," which it intended to recover with "aggressive legal
action." Thomas Elliott, executive vice president of Honda's American
operations, said the auto maker was "outraged and saddened by the criminal
activities described in the guilty pleas and the indictments." Prosecutors said
Honda had been cooperating with the Government.

Corrupt practices by Honda officials were almost certainly facilitated by the
sensational demand for Honda's cars throughout the 1980's. Starting in 1981, the
importation of Hondas and other Japanese cars was limited by a voluntary
restraint agreement between Japan and the United States. That agreement, meant
to ease competitive pressure on the Big Three auto makers, created a risk-free
environment for Honda dealers, who could sell at a profit nearly every car they
could get on their lots.

During that time, Honda began car production in the United States, but a
shortage of popular models persisted for years. When Acura models were
introduced in the mid-1980's, they too were often scarce.


Long Waiting Lists

Many dealers kept long waiting lists of buyers for each Honda they received, and
they often sold the cars for more than the sticker price -- sometimes for
thousands of dollars more. Having more cars to sell automatically meant more
profit.

Since all dealers wanted more cars, Honda supposedly distributed its cars
equitably, on the basis of how quickly dealers sold what they had. But some
dealers were apparently willing to bribe the Honda executives in charge of
distribution for extra vehicles and additional franchises.

So far, no car dealers have been charged with crimes. Neither the American Honda
Motor Company nor any of its Japanese executives have been charged, but Federal
prosecutors emphasized that the investigation was not over. Robert Conforti, an
agent of the Federal Bureau of Investigation in Boston, said the inquiry was
expected to continue "for some time."

Investigators said, however, that they were not concerned with the question of
whether buyers of Hondas or Acuras were overcharged and might be entitled to a
full or partial refund. Any such restitution would have to come through separate
legal action.

In Japan, gift giving among business associates is customary at many companies,
and there have been highly publicized corruption cases recently involving bribes
and kickbacks, especially in the construction and consumer electronics
industries. When asked if Federal agents had interviewed Japanese executives
about charges of bribes or kickbacks, Mr. Connolly declined to comment.

The guilty pleas, however, lend credence to rumors about Honda activities that
have circulated for years among dealers and auto industry executives, but only
recently have been exposed as a result of civil litigation. For example, it had
long been rumored that some Honda sales executives favored certain dealers with
lucrative franchises in return for cash payments, and that more than the usual
number of Honda and Acura cars were shipped to those dealers in return for cash
and gifts. Government investigators said that in one instance, a dealer made an
illegal payment of $750,000 to secure a franchise.

Many of the rumors centered on Mr. Cardiges, the former senior vice president,
who was in charge of Honda's entire American sales organization.

Armed with a search warrant, agents arrived at Mr. Cardiges's Southern
California home Friday and were authorized to seize financial records, warehouse
receipts and a great deal of property. This included a long list of furniture
provided by the Southern California furniture store to which Honda dealers were
instructed to send money so that Mr. Cardiges could select furniture, according
to the prosecutors. After his arrest, Mr. Cardiges spent last weekend in jail.

Last year, the Government decided to start an inquiry into numerous allegations
against sales managers and executives following testimony by one of them in a
civil suit in New Hampshire filed by Richard M. Nault, a Honda dealer, against
the auto maker.

Mr. Nault contended that his Acura dealership in Manchester, N.H., failed and
his franchise agreement was terminated because he was unable to compete with an
Acura dealership in Nashua that he said was receiving extra cars. The Nashua
dealer, Thomas Bohlander, acknowledged that he had made payments and gave gifts
to David L. Pedersen, a former Acura zone manager. Mr. Bohlander testified that
he paid college tuition for Mr. Pedersen's son amounting to $17,197, and gave
Mr. Pedersen a 1987 Acura Integra as a gift, but he said that the gifts were
simply tokens of his friendship.

Testifying on behalf of Honda, Damien C. Budnick, a former district sales
manager, said he once delivered an envelope that he later found contained
$100,000 cash from a Honda dealer in Cocoa Beach, Fla., to Mr. Pedersen. Mr.
Budnick was arrested at his home in Orlando, Fla., this morning by F.B.I.
agents, his wife, Cindy, said. She said he had not yet hired a lawyer.

Obstruction Is Charged

Prosecutors in New Hampshire maintain that Mr. Budnick lied and that he knew all
along what was in the envelope. Among other charges, Mr. Budnick was charged
today with obstruction of justice.
 Mr. Pedersen resigned from Honda in June 1992. Steven J. McAuliffe, the Federal
judge presiding in Mr. Nault's case, referred Mr. Budnick's testimony to the
Justice Department. Mr. Nault's case was settled last year; the settlement was
not made public.

Following Mr. Budnick's testimony in February 1993 in the civil case, Honda's
senior vice president of sales, Richard Colliver, acknowledged that the bribery
allegations were "credible" and said that they "bring shame to the entire
company." Mr. Colliver was recruited to Honda in late 1992 from Mazda to succeed
Mr. Cardiges. Honda, meanwhile, said it had been conducting an internal
investigation that had led to the dismissals of a few employees for violating
company policies against conflicts of interest and accepting expensive gifts.

Last year, American Honda replaced 6 of its 10 zone managers in connection with
its own investigation; earlier this year, Honda placed two zone managers on an
"administrative leave of absence."

Honda said today that it was instituting a series of rigorous internal policies
intended "to insure that the company and its employees are not betrayed again."
Among them, Honda said, it is developing a financial disclosure requirement for
all senior executives "who have substantial decision-making authority."

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Chart: "The U.S. vs. Honda Executives"

INDICTED (charged with following crimes but haven't entered pleas)

Stanley James Cardiges, 48, Laguna Hills, Calif., former senior vice president
of the American Honda Motor Company: racketeering (accepted kickbacks from Honda
suppliers, accepted bribes for approving dealer franchises, accepted expensive
gifts from dealers for favorable treatment), conspiracy, mail fraud. Mr.
Cardiges's lawyer was not available for comment. Maximum sentence: 30 years.

Dennis R. Josleyn: 47, Penn Valley, Calif., former West Coast Honda sales
manager racketeering (accepted kickbacks from Honda suppliers, accepted bribes
for approving franchises), conspiracy, mail fraud. Mr. Josleyn's lawyer declined
to comment. Maximum sentence: 30 years.

David L. Pedersen, 45, Rosewell, Ga., former Acura zone manager: racketeering
(accepted gifts from dealers for faborable treatment, accepted bribes for
approving franchises, obstruction of justice), conspiracy, mail fraud,
obstruction of justice. His lawyer did not return phone calls. Maximum sentence:
35 years.

John W. Billmyer, 64, Raleigh, N.C., former senior vice president: conspiracy to
committ mail fraud. His lawyer did not return phone calls. Maximum sentence: 5
years.

Damien C. Budnick, 45, Orlando, Fla., former acura district manager: conspiracy
to commit mail fraud, obstruction of justice. Mr. Budnick's wife said he had not
yet hired a lawyer. Maximum sentence: 10 years.

CHARGED AND PLEADED GUILTY

Robert N. Rivers, 48, Irvine, Calif., former western regional sales manager:
racketeering (accepted kickbacks from Honda suppliers). Maximum sentence: 20
years.

Mark L. Benson, 32, Corona del Mar, Calif., former zone sales manager, mail
fraud. Maximum sentence: 5 years.

Hugh P. Cooper, 41, Wilmington, N.C., former zone manager for the mid-atlantic
region, conspiracy (accepted kickbacks from suppliers and accepted bribes from
dealers for cars and for awarding franchises). Maximumsentence: 5 years.

Robert A. Mazzitelli, 40, Foothill Ranch, Calif., former zone manager for the
Southeast region, conspiracy. Maximum sentence: 5 years.

Frederick Meis Jr., 45, Coppell, Tex. zone manager southwestern region,
conspiracy. Maximum sentence: 5 years.

Roger Novelly, 42,Medford, N.J. former southeast zone manager, conspiracy
(accepted kickbacks from franchises). Maximum sentence: 5 years.

Edward A. Temple, 44, Newport Beach, Calif., former western zone manager,
conspiracy (accepted kickbacks from dealer franchises and from suppliers).
Maximum sentence: 5 years.

Thomas A. Caulfield, 33, Foothill Ranch, Calif., fomrer assistant advertising
manager, conspiracy to commit mail fraud. Received $779,000 in kickbacks from
sales training and advertising agencies. Maximum sentence: 5 years.

(pg. D19)

                   Copyright 1994 The New York Times Company

                             250 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 28, 2014 Friday

Washington: FBI Undercover Operation Nets Seven Defendants in Securities Kicback
Scheme

LENGTH: 830  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

Federal charges have been filed in U.S. District Court in Boston against seven
individuals alleged to have been involved in a microcap stock kickback scheme.

According to the charges, the schemes involved secret kickbacks to an investment
fund representative in exchange for having the investment fund buy stock in
certain companies. The kickbacks were to be concealed through the use of sham
consulting agreements. What the defendants did not know was that the purported
investment fund representative was actually an undercover government agent.

The charges follow a lengthy investigation focusing on preventing fraud in the
microcap stock markets. Microcap companies are small publicly traded companies
whose stock often trades at pennies per share. Fraud in the microcap stock
market is of increasing concern to regulators as such markets tend to be fertile
grounds for fraud and abuse. This is, in part, because accurate information
about microcap stocks may be difficult for the average investor to find, since
many microcap companies do not file financial reports with the U.S. Securities
and Exchange Commission.

U.S. Attorney Carmen Ortiz stated, "Secret deals like the ones alleged today
harm hard working Americans who invest their savings in the financial markets.
Illegal kickbacks undermine fair competition and ultimately destabilize
financial markets. For the sake of the investing public, it is critical to
protect the integrity of the financial markets and promote fair play by
combatting the types of illegal agreements alleged in these cases."

"Market manipulators should know that our law enforcement team has a proven
track record of high-returns in rooting out fund representatives, CEOs, traders,
fund managers, equities analysts, lawyers, and publicists who illegally tilt the
playing field against honest investors," said Vincent B. Lisi, Special Agent in
Charge of the Federal Bureau Investigation's Boston Division. "The FBI's
undercover investigation of the illegal manipulation of microcap stocks has
resulted in the conviction of 15 people to date and those who believe they can
get away with manipulating the markets should be running scared."

The following individuals have been charged:

Shmuel Shneibalg, 43, formerly of Brooklyn, New York (president and chief
operating officer of Safetek International, Inc.), charged with mail fraud and
wire fraud
 Gerard Haryman, 70, of Lake Worth, Florida (consultant for, and investor in, A
Clean Slate Inc.), charged with mail fraud and wire fraud
 Ronald Lawrence Schuman, 58, of Palm City, Florida (president and chief
executive officer of Connectyx Technologies Corp.), charged with conspiracy to
commit wire fraud
 Barry Hawk, 45, of Woodmere, New York (president and chief executive officer of
Arctic Enterprises Inc. and Strategic Rare Earth Metals Inc.), charged with wire
fraud
 Hadi Aboukhater, 42, of Haymarket, Virginia (in the business of finding funding
for public companies), charged with wire fraud
 Sandip Shah, 40, of Chino, California (stock promoter), charged with wire fraud

 Shailesh Shah, 47, of Chino, California (President and Chief Executive Officer
of SOHM Inc. and Costas, Inc.), charged with mail fraud and wire fraud.

If convicted, the defendants each face up to 20 years in prison, to be followed
by three years of supervised release and a $250,000 fine on each count. The
initial appearances in U.S. District Court in Boston have not yet been
scheduled.

U.S. Attorney Ortiz and FBI Special Agent in Charge Lisi made the announcement
today. U.S. Attorney Ortiz expressed appreciation for the significant assistance
her office received from the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. The
criminal cases are being prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorneys Sarah E.
Walters, Ryan M. DiSantis, and Mark Balthazard of Ortiz's Economic Crimes Unit,
and Trial Attorney Alexander H. Berlin of the U.S. Department of Justice.

This case was brought in coordination with President Barack Obama's Financial
Fraud Enforcement Task Force. President Obama established the interagency
Financial Fraud Enforcement Task Force to wage an aggressive, coordinated, and
proactive effort to investigate and prosecute financial crimes. The task force
includes representatives from a broad range of federal agencies, regulatory
authorities, inspectors general and state and local law enforcement who, working
together, bring to bear a powerful array of criminal and civil enforcement
resources. The task force is working to improve efforts across the federal
executive branch and, with state and local partners, to investigate and
prosecute significant financial crimes, ensure just and effective punishment for
those who perpetrate financial crimes, combat discrimination in the lending and
financial markets, and recover proceeds for victims of financial crimes.

For more information please visit: http://www.fbi.gov

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             251 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            April 14, 2011 Thursday
                         The New York Times on the Web

Federal Agencies' Responses on Enforcement Actions

SECTION: Section ; Column 0; Business/Financial Desk; Pg.

LENGTH: 1269 words


In response to inquiries from The New York Times about how federal investigators
and prosecutors had responded to the financial crisis, the Justice Department
and the Securities and Exchange Commission provided the following summaries.

Justice Department

A Justice Department representative said: ''The Department of Justice is
aggressively pursuing financial fraud cases throughout the country, including
hundreds of defendants charged with investment frauds and ponzi schemes,
securities and commodities fraud, insider trading, mortgage fraud, bank fraud
and other schemes. These crimes can destroy the savings of hard-working
Americans, devastate families and communities, destabilize and harm the
integrity of our markets and threaten our nation's economic strength. We will
continue to root out financial fraud wherever it exists and when we find
credible evidence of criminal conduct whether by Wall Street executives or
others we will not hesitate to charge it.''

The department provided what it called ''just a sampling of some recent
financial fraud cases.''

TBW/Colonial:

Former TBW CEO Pleads Guilty to $1.5 Billion Fraud Scheme

Former TBW Financial Analyst Pleads Guilty to $1.5 Billion Fraud Scheme

Former President of TBW Pleads Guilty to Fraud Scheme

Former Colonial Bank Mortgage Lending Supervisor Pleads Guilty to Fraud Scheme

Former Senior Vice President of Colonial Bank Pleads Guilty to Fraud Scheme

Former Treasurer of Taylor, Bean & Whitaker Pleads Guilty to $1.9 Billion Fraud
Scheme That Contributed to the Failure of Colonial Bank

Former Chairman of Taylor, Bean & Whitaker Indicted for His Role in a More Than
$1.9 Billion Fraud Scheme That Contributed to the Failure of Colonial Bank

Insider Trading:

Previously Unnamed Co-conspirator Pleads Guilty in New Jersey to Role in $32
Million Insider Trading Scheme

Attorney and Trader Arrested, Charged in New Jersey with Trading on Inside
Information Stolen from Three Law Firms

Former UBS Investment Banker Sentenced in Manhattan Federal Court to 22 Months
in Prison for Insider Trading Scheme

Former Investment Adviser Pleads Guilty in Manhattan Federal Court to Insider
Trading and Forfeits More Than $1.4 Million

Three Hedge Fund Portfolio Managers and One Analyst Charged with Insider Trading

Three Insiders at Public Companies and One Executive of Expert-networking Firm
Charged with Conspiring to Distribute Inside Information to the Firm's Clients

Former Bond Trader Admits to $9 Million Manipulative Trading Scheme Involving
Collateralized Mortgage Obligation Bonds in New Jersey

Executive of Expert-Networking Firm Charged with Conspiring to Distribute Inside
Information

Investment Frauds:

Former Capitol Investments CFO and Accountant Plead Guilty to Roles in $880
Million Ponzi Scheme in New Jersey

Investment Advisor Pleads Guilty to $2.4 Million Fraud Targeting Union Pension
Fund and Other Investors in New Jersey and New York

Founder of A&O Entities Convicted in $100 Million Fraud Scheme

Connecticut Hedge Fund Adviser Admits Running Massive Ponzi Scheme

Richmond, Virginia Businessman Pleads Guilty for Role in Investment Fraud Scheme
Causing Millions in Losses

Douglas F. Vaughan Indicted in ''Ponzi'' Scheme in New Mexico

Provident Capital Indemnity, Its President and Auditor Charged in $670 Million
Fraud Scheme

Two Former High-Technology Company Executives in Accounting and Securities Fraud
Scheme

Three Former Executives Charged in $200 Million Fraud Scheme Involving Fair
Financial Company Investors

Lawyer for A&O Entities Pleads Guilty for His Role in $100 Million Fraud Scheme
Involving Life Settlements

Former Financial Advisor Charged with Defrauding Investors of At Least $2
Million

Two Former Bernard L. Madoff Investment Securities LLC Employees Charged with
Conspiracy, Securities Fraud and Tax Crimes

Man pleads guilty to orchestrating $190 million Ponzi scheme

Fort Lauderdale Attorney Pleads Guilty In Billion Dollar Ponzi Scheme

San Francisco Man Charged with $25 Million Dollar Ponzi Scheme

CEO of Capitol Investments USA Inc. Pleads Guilty to $880 Million Ponzi Scheme
Based on Phony Grocery Business

Connecticut Man Admits Operating $100 Million Ponzi Scheme

Three Principals of A&O Entities Arrested and Charged for Their Alleged Roles in
$100 Million Fraud Scheme

Leader of $200 Million Real Estate Investment Scam Arrested for Fraud

Bank Frauds:

Former Bank President and Senior Loan Officer Indicted in Multi-million Dollar
Fraud Conspiracy

Nine People Indicted for Fraud That Resulted in One of the Largest Credit Union
Collapses in History

Senior Managers of GDC Acquisitions Holding Company Charged in Brooklyn, N.Y.,
with Bank Fraud Conspiracy

Former Officers of Failed Atlanta Bank Plead Guilty to Fraud

Mortgage Frauds:

President of Queens Mortgage Broker Sentenced to 30 Months in Prison for
Participation in Massive Mortgage Fraud Scheme

Ten People Indicted in Wide-Ranging Real Estate Scam

Two New Jersey Men Charged with $7 Million Dollar Mortgage Fraud Scheme
Involving More Than 50 Residential Properties

Defendant Convicted in $24 Million Mortgage Fraud Scheme

Real Estate Attorney and Loan Officer Found Guilty in Multi-Million Mortgage
Fraud Scheme at Guyamerican Funding

Seven Defendants Indicted in Alleged $35 Million Mortgage Fraud Scheme Involving
More than 120 Residences in the Chicago Area

12 Indicted in Arizona in Mortgage Fraud Schemes

''Operation Stolen Dreams'' Nets Local Mortgage Fraud Convictions and Charges

Securities and Exchange Commission

''In addition to BofA, further below are some of the actions we've brought
related to the credit crisis,'' a Securities and Exchange Commission
representative said.

Number of investigations in which the Commission has filed an action related to
the credit crisis: 17 (the number excludes multiple filings in related matters
so as to avoid double-counting)

Includes actions filed against Bank of America, the Reserve Fund, Evergreen
Investment Management Co., State Street Bank and Trust Company, Morgan Keegan,
Goldman Sachs, ICP Asset Management, Citigroup, Charles Schwab & Co., TD
Ameritrade, and Wachovia

Number of CEO's, CFO's, and other senior corporate officers sued: 26

Includes actions against former senior officers of American Home Mortgage;
former senior executives of Countrywide Financial (including former CEO Angelo
Mozilo); former senior officers of New Century Financial; senior executives of
Morgan Keegan; ICP Asset Management President Thomas C. Priore; Chairman and
Majority Owner of Taylor, Bean and Whitaker Lee Farkas, current and former
executives of Citigroup, and former senior officers at IndyMac Bancorp.

Number of officer and director bars, industry bars, and Commission suspensions
imposed on Individuals: 14

Amount of Disgorgement and Prejudgment Interest Ordered: $148,263,109

Amount of Penalties Ordered: 900,292,500

Other Monetary Relief Obtained for Harmed Investors: $298 million (In
settlements with Evergreen Investment Management Co., State Street Bank and
Trust Company, and TD Ameritrade, a total of $298 million was distributed by
these entities to harmed investors or shareholders)

Total disgorgement, penalties, and other monetary relief: $1.34 billion

Cases Stemming From Financial Crisis:

IndyMac Bancorp executives (2/11/2011)

TD Ameritrade (2/3/2011)

Charles Schwab entities and executives (1/11/2011)

Citigroup (7/29/2010)

ICP Asset Management (6/21/2010)

Farkas/Taylor, Bean & Whitaker (6/16/2010)

Goldman Sachs (4/16/2010)

Morgan Keegan (4/7/2010)

State Street (2/4/2010)

Brookstreet (12/8/2009)

New Century (12/7/2009)

Evergreen (6/8/2009)

Countrywide, Mozilo and other executives (6/4/2009)

Reserve Fund (5/5/2009)

American Home Mortgage (4/28/2009)

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 14, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 The New York Times Company

                             252 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                           March 17, 1993, Wednesday

4 CONVICTED IN TRUCKING INSURANCE FRAUD CASE $ 2 MILLION COLLECTED FOR BOGUS
COVERAGE

BYLINE: PAUL DYKEWICZ; Journal of Commerce Staff

SECTION: FRONT, Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 473 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


A federal jury in California has convicted the operators of a self-styled
trucking association that sold worthless liability and cargo insurance to truck
owners between 1987 and 1990.

An insurance agent and the three men who ran the West Coast Truckers Association
out of offices in Hemet and Gardenia, Calif., and Searcy, Ark., collected more
than $ 2 million in fees for supposedly supplying coverage for ,500 to 2,000
trucks. They were convicted late last week.

Payments per truck ranged up to $ 500 a month, according to Stanley L. Friedman,
an assistant U.S. attorney involved in the case. West Coast's clients were
mostly small, independent truckers who were looking to reduce their insurance
costs.

Truckers were induced to pay a fee to join the association and sign agreements
to lease their trucks to West Coast. The truckers were told they would receive
insurance coverage under West Coast's policies, according to U.S. Attorney
Terree A. Bowers in the Central District of California.

The lease agreements were found to be illegal, because the trucks operated
independently of West Coast Truckers and by law could not be covered by the
association's insurance, Mr. Bowers said. Interstate Commerce Commission
regulations require that the entity operating vehicles under a lease control all
of its operations.

The jury acted Friday against three association officers. William Akin, 59, was
convicted of conspiracy, mail fraud, wire fraud and failure to file income tax
returns. Melvin Robinson, 43, was found guilty of mail fraud and wire fraud.
Everett Cleghorn, 56, was convicted of mail fraud and wire fraud.

Also, insurance agent Douglas Carpa, 47, was convicted of conspiracy, mail fraud
and wire fraud.

According to the prosecution's case, Industrial Indemnity Co. of San Francisco,
a subsidiary of Crum & Forster that serves as the administrator of Nevada's
assigned automotive risk pool, paid more than $ 1 million in claims related to
West Coast Truckers.

Industrial Indemnity was tricked into believing that West Coast was purchasing
coverage for a small number of its own vehicles when it actually was buying
limited coverage to use for all truckers that were paying it fees.

The insurance coverage came into play after several accidents occurred involving
the truckers who believed they had obtained coverage from West Coast. After the
accidents, the defendants would misrepresent their relationship to the involved
trucker, according to the prosecution.

Officials with Industrial Indemnity discovered the scheme and reported it to
regulators, who prosecuted the defendants, said John Weber, an attorney with the
company.

The convictions resulted from an investigation conducted by the ICC, the
Internal Revenue Service, the Department of Transportation and the U.S. Postal
Service.

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1993 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.

                             253 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Daily Gleaner (New Brunswick)

                             June 19, 2007 Tuesday

Welfare cheats steal money from people who need help

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. C3

LENGTH: 321  words


DEAR ABBY: Thank you, thank you, for publishing the letter from "Ticked Off in
Topeka, Kan." (April 18) concerning welfare fraud, including Section 8 housing
fraud. I am an investigator for a housing authority, and our agency is dedicated
to maintaining the integrity of the program and protecting the taxpayer dollars
entrusted to us.

Not a day goes by that I don't hear, "I don't want to get anyone in trouble, but
..." Please let your readers know that if they call in with a fraud tip, they
are not the ones who are getting anyone in trouble.

The people who decided to commit the fraud or do the crime got themselves in
trouble. The only way we can help the most people with our limited resources is
by eliminating fraud and applying the rules and regulations fairly and equitably
for everyone.

Quite often it is neighbours, friends and family members who are our eyes and
ears. It is important that they let us know when someone is defrauding the
system.

No one will lose assistance just because of a tip. We investigate every case
and, if proven, the tenants are given an opportunity to appeal and to have a
hearing.

There are too many families on the waiting list and too many people who need
help for fraud to go unreported.

-- INVESTIGATOR IN OKLAHOMA CITY

DEAR INVESTIGATOR: I hope "Ticked Off" will take your advice -- and mine -- and
report this "friend" to the proper authorities. Many readers voiced their
frustration, while others offered helpful suggestions.

***

Dear Abby is written by Abigail Van Buren, also known as Jeanne Phillips, and
was founded by her mother, Pauline Phillips. Write Dear Abby at www.
DearAbby.com or P.O. Box 69440, Los Angeles, CA 90069.

***

To order How to Write Letters for All Occasions, send a business-sized, self-
addressed envelope, plus cheque or money order for $6 (U.S. funds) to: Dear Abby
-- Letter Booklet, P.O. Box 447, Mount Morris, IL 61054-0447. (Postage is
included in the price.)

LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


      Copyright 2007 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest MediaWorks
                               Publications Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             254 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  thespec.com

                             July 18, 2015 Saturday

Hunt on for Stoney Creek fraud suspect

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1041 words


Two Canadians on the run from law enforcement are allegedly at the centre of
what U.S. officials are calling one of the largest international penny stock
frauds in history.

The complex scheme, which involved pumping up the prices of worthless penny
stocks and then unloading them on unsuspecting victims in as many as 35
countries, allegedly raked in more than $140 million (U.S.), the Federal Bureau
of Investigation said Tuesday.

The U.S. Justice Department said seven suspects were arrested Tuesday in New
York, Arizona, New Jersey, Florida, California and Ontario. However, Canadians
Gregory Curry, 63, and alleged mastermind Sandy Winick, 55, of Stoney Creek
remain at large.

"By his own admission we know that Sandy Winick is in Bangkok, Thailand," Robert
Nardoza, a public affairs officer for the U.S. Attorney's Office, told the Star.
He declined to comment on Curry's whereabouts.

"We're working with our partners to bring these individuals back to New York to
face charges," Nardoza said.

Four Canadians and five Americans are indicted on 24 charges, including
securities fraud, wire fraud and false personation of Internal Revenue Service
employees, according to a statement from the office of U.S. Attorney Loretta
Lynch in Brooklyn.

Two of the Canadian suspects - Gregory Ellis, 46, and Kolt Curry, 38 - have
already been arrested. Kolt Curry is the son of Gregory Curry.

The American suspects are Gary Kershner, 72, Joseph Manfredonia, 45, Cort
Poyner, 44, Songkram Roy Sahachaisere, 43, and William Seals, 51.

If convicted, the accused could face up to 20 years of imprisonment for each
count of conspiracy to commit wire fraud, wire fraud and securities fraud, as
well as up to five years for conspiracy to commit securities fraud. The false
personation charge could carry a three-year prison sentence.

Lawyers for the accused could not be reached immediately for comment.

The Justice Department said the arrests are the result of an investigation
carried out over several years by the FBI and RCMP.

According to the U.S. Attorney's office statement, the "pump and dump" scheme
involved fraudulently inflating ("pumping up") the share prices and the trading
volumes of certain penny stocks and then "dumping" billions of essentially
worthless shares on investors.

The indictment says the accused also operated a so-called "advance fee" scheme.
They set up bogus call centres from which they would induce investors to pay
fees up front for help in finding buyers for their shares in unattractive penny
stocks. These services turned out to be non-existent.

"Where others saw citizens of the world, the defendants saw a pool of potential
marks," Lynch, the U.S. Attorney, said in a statement.

The indictment alleges both schemes - the "pump and dump" and the "advance fee"
- were orchestrated by Winick, a native of Stoney Creek, Ont., who has lived in
China, Thailand, Vietnam and the United States.

Canadian and U.S. authorities say his aliases include "Robin Cheer," "Abdiel
Vergara," and "Jerry Sarrano."

The indictment says the other Canadians charged in the case were primarily
involved in running the fake services scheme.

Between January 2009 and July 2013, the men allegedly created a series of shell
companies intended to convince unsuspecting investors that the Canadians were
brokers who could sell their "nearly worthless" penny stocks for a profit,
according to the indictment.

Posing as employees of these made-up companies, the men allegedly used call
centres in Vietnam, Thailand and Canada to solicit business from clients as far
afield as Kuwait, Panama and Singapore.

At times, they allegedly impersonated employees of the Internal Revenue Service
- the U.S. tax collection agency - which is a crime under U.S. law.

The Canadians allegedly charged commissions and bogus regulatory fees in return
for helping investors sell their stocks. But once they had been paid, the
conspirators performed no services whatsoever, the indictment says.

In total, Ellis and the Currys stole $20 million from their victims through the
scheme, according to a detention letter filed in a Brooklyn court Tuesday.

In one intercepted phone call, a partial transcript of which the U.S. Attorney
released Tuesday, Kolt Curry can be heard boasting, "I had a guy send me a
million dollars over one phone call ... He actually sent me almost $2 million
over the period of the hit. ... I guess in the industry they coin it as a smash
and grab."

During another conversation captured on a phone tap and published by the U.S.
Attorney, Kolt Curry discusses his plans for opening a call centre in New York:
"I tell you what, man ... hitting the Americans would be like taking money from
a baby."

Kolt Curry, a native of Aurora, Ont., was arrested a hotel in Garden City, N.Y.
He was allegedly on his way to set up a fake call centre in Brooklyn.

The U.S. Attorney's office, arguing that he's a flight risk, obtained a court
order Tuesday barring bail for Curry. He is being held in a Brooklyn jail.

In April, 2011, the Ontario Securities Commission issued a cease-trade order
against a group of respondents that included Winick and the two Curries in
connection with companies called BFM Industries and Liquid Gold International
Corp.

"The BFM and Liquid Gold schemes I find to be entirely fraudulent. The
activities involved in the schemes include unregistered trading and illegal
distributions," OSC commissioner James Carnwath wrote in his decision in the
case, dated Aug. 7.

The OSC is slated to deliver its decision on sanctions and costs on Sept. 12.

In 2010, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission won a default judgment
against Winick after he failed to respond to a complaint accusing him of
creating dozens of shell companies under a public company he controlled, First
Canadian American Holding Corp., later known as Blackout Media Corp.

The SEC accused Winick of creating 59 subsidiaries in Blackout with no
legitimate business purpose other than to sell unregistered shares in the
companies and pocket the proceeds.

According to court documents, he was ordered in 2012 to disgorge $3.2 million in
ill-gotten gains and was permanently barred from the penny stock market, among
other penalties.

Blackout is among several companies mentioned in Tuesday's indictment.

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             255 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                 The Daily Record of Rochester (Rochester, NY)

                            April 23, 2008 Wednesday

U.S. District Court, Western District of N.Y. Case Summaries: April 23, 2008

BYLINE: Daily Record Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 441  words


U.S. District Court, Western District of N.Y.

Fraud

No-Sale Theory

U.S. v. Kurtz

04-CR-0155A

Judge Arcara

Background: In 2004, the defendant was charged with mail and wire fraud. The
indictment alleges the defendant, a faculty member of the art department of the
State University of New York at Buffalo, sought to acquire samples of certain
biological materials from a supplier, a not-for-profit organization in Virginia.
The supplier had a policy of selling biological materials only to approved
businesses and institutions with a demonstrated need. The defendant, along with
an investigator from the University of Pittsburgh's Human Genetics Laboratory,
developed a scheme wherein the investigator purchased the material and provided
it to the defendant. The defendant filed a motion for dismissal of the
indictment because it fails to allege any deprivation of property within the
meaning of the mail and wire fraud statutes, and because it fails to allege the
defendant intended to defraud the seller or the laboratory of any property.

Ruling: The court agrees the indictment is insufficient as the essential
elements of wire fraud and mail fraud are not pled. The indictment also does not
state a violation of law under a no-sale theory of fraud since it does not state
what interest the seller had in limiting sales to certain purchasers. The
indictment is dismissed.

William J. Hochul Jr., U.S. Attorney's Office, for the United States, and Paul
J. Cambria Jr. of Lipsitz Green Scime Cambria LLP for the defendant

Fourth Amendment

Excessive Force

Fifield v. Barrancotta

04-CV-6540L

Judge Larimer

Background: Plaintiff Darwin Fifield Sr., an inmate at the Wyoming Correctional
Facility, brought action against the defendants, which include the chief of the
Lockport Police Department and various lieutenants. Fifield alleges Barrancotta,
Seekins and Wasik used excessive force in arresting him, and Merritt approved
such conduct, all in violation of his Fourth Amendment right to freedom from
unreasonable search and seizure. Fifield was arrested at his home in 2003 after
an accusation of child abuse was made against him.

Ruling: The plaintiff admits he never complained of the tightness of the
handcuffs when he was arrested and he requested no medical attention. The court
notes the severity of the crimes charged and the plaintiff's threats made to
officers in the past appear to justify the caution used in the plaintiff's
arrest. The plaintiff failed to state a claim for unlawful and excessive force
and the complaint is dismissed.

Darwin J. Fifield, pro se, and R. Anthony Rupp III of Rupp, Baase, Pfalzgraf,
Cunningham & Coppola LLC for the defendants

LOAD-DATE: April 24, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved

                             256 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      South China Morning Post (Hong Kong)

                                February 1, 1999

Fraud losses more than double in year

BYLINE: STEWART OLDFIELD

SECTION: BUSINESS POST; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 435 words


Confirmed fraud losses reported to the Commercial Crime Bureau (CCB) more than
doubled last year as the economic downturn forced illegal activity into the
open.

In the 11 months to the end of November, there were 133 reports of serious fraud
, with confirmed losses of $ 2.42 billion, compared with $ 1.11 billion during
the same period in 1997.

There were 12 cases of fraud involving company directors, compared with four
cases in the corresponding period in 1997.

The bureau reported that there were nine cases of fraud involving stocks,
foreign-exchange and futures, compared with three cases the previous year.

There were 11 instances of serious fraud involving property, compared with three
cases in 1997.

There were also 21 frauds investigated involving false letters of credit and
other documentary credit fraud, compared with 19 cases in 1997 and nine
instances of bank fraud, compared with seven cases during the same period of
1997.

CCB detective senior inspector David Cope said that while many frauds continued
to go unreported, the economic downturn was forcing more illegal activity into
the open.

"In any downturn, balance sheets become tighter and it's harder for a company to
ignore fraud," he said.

The gross value of reports in the first 11 months of last year was $ 3.69
billion, compared with $ 1.58 billion in the same period in 1997.

Police have said that criminal activity was generally subdued in 1997,
accentuating last year's increase.

In 1996, there were 173 reports of serious fraud.

The biggest monthly losses were reported in June last year at $ 605 million, but
police warned that there was often little correlation between when a fraud took
place and when it was reported.

Allegations of fraud have been at the centre of a number of high profile
corporate collapses, including brokerages Forluxe Securities and Ming Fung.

Kroll Associates senior managing director Stephen Vickers said reports of fraud
were likely to increase further.

Fraudulent activity coming to light at present was often related to activities
during the booming markets in the lead-up to the 1997 handover, he said.

"We are just beginning to see the cases coming down-stream," he said.

Mr Cope said there was unlikely to be any big difference between fraud trends in
Hong Kong, New York and London.

Mr Vickers said an increasing number of frauds involved multiple jurisdictions.

Frauds handled by the CCB generally involved sums of more than $ 5 million.
However, the bureau also handles frauds considered too complex for other
departments.

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: Newspaper

                  Copyright 1999 South China Morning Post Ltd.

                             257 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      South China Morning Post (Hong Kong)

                                February 1, 1999

Fraud losses more than double in year

BYLINE: STEWART OLDFIELD

SECTION: BUSINESS POST; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 435 words


Confirmed fraud losses reported to the Commercial Crime Bureau (CCB) more than
doubled last year as the economic downturn forced illegal activity into the
open.

In the 11 months to the end of November, there were 133 reports of serious fraud
, with confirmed losses of $ 2.42 billion, compared with $ 1.11 billion during
the same period in 1997.

There were 12 cases of fraud involving company directors, compared with four
cases in the corresponding period in 1997.

The bureau reported that there were nine cases of fraud involving stocks,
foreign-exchange and futures, compared with three cases the previous year.

There were 11 instances of serious fraud involving property, compared with three
cases in 1997.

There were also 21 frauds investigated involving false letters of credit and
other documentary credit fraud, compared with 19 cases in 1997 and nine
instances of bank fraud, compared with seven cases during the same period of
1997.

CCB detective senior inspector David Cope said that while many frauds continued
to go unreported, the economic downturn was forcing more illegal activity into
the open.

"In any downturn, balance sheets become tighter and it's harder for a company to
ignore fraud," he said.

The gross value of reports in the first 11 months of last year was $ 3.69
billion, compared with $ 1.58 billion in the same period in 1997.

Police have said that criminal activity was generally subdued in 1997,
accentuating last year's increase.

In 1996, there were 173 reports of serious fraud.

The biggest monthly losses were reported in June last year at $ 605 million, but
police warned that there was often little correlation between when a fraud took
place and when it was reported.

Allegations of fraud have been at the centre of a number of high profile
corporate collapses, including brokerages Forluxe Securities and Ming Fung.

Kroll Associates senior managing director Stephen Vickers said reports of fraud
were likely to increase further.

Fraudulent activity coming to light at present was often related to activities
during the booming markets in the lead-up to the 1997 handover, he said.

"We are just beginning to see the cases coming down-stream," he said.

Mr Cope said there was unlikely to be any big difference between fraud trends in
Hong Kong, New York and London.

Mr Vickers said an increasing number of frauds involved multiple jurisdictions.

Frauds handled by the CCB generally involved sums of more than $ 5 million.
However, the bureau also handles frauds considered too complex for other
departments.

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: Newspaper

                  Copyright 1999 South China Morning Post Ltd.

                             258 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      South China Morning Post (Hong Kong)

                                February 1, 1999

Fraud losses more than double in year

BYLINE: STEWART OLDFIELD

SECTION: BUSINESS POST; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 435 words


Confirmed fraud losses reported to the Commercial Crime Bureau (CCB) more than
doubled last year as the economic downturn forced illegal activity into the
open.

In the 11 months to the end of November, there were 133 reports of serious fraud
, with confirmed losses of $ 2.42 billion, compared with $ 1.11 billion during
the same period in 1997.

There were 12 cases of fraud involving company directors, compared with four
cases in the corresponding period in 1997.

The bureau reported that there were nine cases of fraud involving stocks,
foreign-exchange and futures, compared with three cases the previous year.

There were 11 instances of serious fraud involving property, compared with three
cases in 1997.

There were also 21 frauds investigated involving false letters of credit and
other documentary credit fraud, compared with 19 cases in 1997 and nine
instances of bank fraud, compared with seven cases during the same period of
1997.

CCB detective senior inspector David Cope said that while many frauds continued
to go unreported, the economic downturn was forcing more illegal activity into
the open.

"In any downturn, balance sheets become tighter and it's harder for a company to
ignore fraud," he said.

The gross value of reports in the first 11 months of last year was $ 3.69
billion, compared with $ 1.58 billion in the same period in 1997.

Police have said that criminal activity was generally subdued in 1997,
accentuating last year's increase.

In 1996, there were 173 reports of serious fraud.

The biggest monthly losses were reported in June last year at $ 605 million, but
police warned that there was often little correlation between when a fraud took
place and when it was reported.

Allegations of fraud have been at the centre of a number of high profile
corporate collapses, including brokerages Forluxe Securities and Ming Fung.

Kroll Associates senior managing director Stephen Vickers said reports of fraud
were likely to increase further.

Fraudulent activity coming to light at present was often related to activities
during the booming markets in the lead-up to the 1997 handover, he said.

"We are just beginning to see the cases coming down-stream," he said.

Mr Cope said there was unlikely to be any big difference between fraud trends in
Hong Kong, New York and London.

Mr Vickers said an increasing number of frauds involved multiple jurisdictions.

Frauds handled by the CCB generally involved sums of more than $ 5 million.
However, the bureau also handles frauds considered too complex for other
departments.

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: Newspaper

                  Copyright 1999 South China Morning Post Ltd.

                             259 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      South China Morning Post (Hong Kong)

                                February 1, 1999

Fraud losses more than double in year

BYLINE: STEWART OLDFIELD

SECTION: BUSINESS POST; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 435 words


Confirmed fraud losses reported to the Commercial Crime Bureau (CCB) more than
doubled last year as the economic downturn forced illegal activity into the
open.

In the 11 months to the end of November, there were 133 reports of serious fraud
, with confirmed losses of $ 2.42 billion, compared with $ 1.11 billion during
the same period in 1997.

There were 12 cases of fraud involving company directors, compared with four
cases in the corresponding period in 1997.

The bureau reported that there were nine cases of fraud involving stocks,
foreign-exchange and futures, compared with three cases the previous year.

There were 11 instances of serious fraud involving property, compared with three
cases in 1997.

There were also 21 frauds investigated involving false letters of credit and
other documentary credit fraud, compared with 19 cases in 1997 and nine
instances of bank fraud, compared with seven cases during the same period of
1997.

CCB detective senior inspector David Cope said that while many frauds continued
to go unreported, the economic downturn was forcing more illegal activity into
the open.

"In any downturn, balance sheets become tighter and it's harder for a company to
ignore fraud," he said.

The gross value of reports in the first 11 months of last year was $ 3.69
billion, compared with $ 1.58 billion in the same period in 1997.

Police have said that criminal activity was generally subdued in 1997,
accentuating last year's increase.

In 1996, there were 173 reports of serious fraud.

The biggest monthly losses were reported in June last year at $ 605 million, but
police warned that there was often little correlation between when a fraud took
place and when it was reported.

Allegations of fraud have been at the centre of a number of high profile
corporate collapses, including brokerages Forluxe Securities and Ming Fung.

Kroll Associates senior managing director Stephen Vickers said reports of fraud
were likely to increase further.

Fraudulent activity coming to light at present was often related to activities
during the booming markets in the lead-up to the 1997 handover, he said.

"We are just beginning to see the cases coming down-stream," he said.

Mr Cope said there was unlikely to be any big difference between fraud trends in
Hong Kong, New York and London.

Mr Vickers said an increasing number of frauds involved multiple jurisdictions.

Frauds handled by the CCB generally involved sums of more than $ 5 million.
However, the bureau also handles frauds considered too complex for other
departments.

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: Newspaper

                  Copyright 1999 South China Morning Post Ltd.

                             260 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

                           September 20, 2013 Friday
                                 SOONER EDITION

SECTION: LOCAL; CITY/REGION/SOUTH/STATE; Pg. A-11

LENGTH: 958 words


CITY

Ex-appraiser guilty of mortgage fraud

A former property appraiser was found guilty Thursday of five counts of wire
fraud and two counts of wire fraud conspiracy in the latest of a long series of
federal criminal cases stemming from the past decade's mortgage lending
practices.

Jason Moreno, 30, of Brighton Heights faces sentencing on Jan. 15 before U.S.
District Judge Nora Barry Fischer.

Mr. Moreno ran Platinum Appraisal Services. Over the course of a two-week trial,
assistant U.S. attorney Brendan Conway, who runs the multi-agency Mortgage Fraud
Task Force, convinced the jury that Mr. Moreno routinely inflated appraisals to
justify outsized loans. Mr. Moreno also provided inflated appraisals in
transactions from which he and his relatives took five-figure checks.

Four arrested during Beechview drug bust

Pittsburgh narcotics detectives and members of the SWAT team arrested four
people during a drug bust in Beechview Wednesday.

Police found 200 stamp bags of heroin worth $2,000, 85 Oxycodone pills worth
$1,200, more than $2,800 in cash and several cell phones when they searched a
home in the 2400 block of Palm Beach Avenue Wednesday afternoon, spokeswoman
Diane Richard said.

Arrested were Christopher Highsmith, 20, of Beechview; Clayton McCray, 19 of
Mount Oliver; Onyx Robinson, 20 of Philadelphia; and Brett Jenkins, 22, of
Bridgeville. Officers took the men to the Allegheny County Jail to await
arraignment.

REGION

Post-Gazette wins 3 national awards

The Pittsburgh Post-Gazette won three top national awards Thursday night at the
Association of Food Journalists annual conference in Park City, Utah.

The Post-Gazette's Food & Flavor section and other culinary coverage, under the
direction of Food Editor Bob Batz Jr., won second place for "Best Newspaper Food
Coverage" (below 200,000 circulation). The San Antonio Express-News took first
place and The Advocate of Baton Rouge, La., third place.

For "This is Pittsburgh Food," an occasional series on local food traditions,
Mr. Batz and Post-Gazette reporter Gretchen McKay tied with the Kansas City Star
for first place in "Best Newspaper Special Food Project."

Ms. McKay and Post-Gazette videographer Steve Mellon won first place in a new
category this year, "Best Food Multimedia Presentation" for a "This is
Pittsburgh Food" segment: "Making sausage: Local Italians gather to preserve
meat as well as traditions from the Old Country."

The awards recognize outstanding work in 16 categories of food journalism. The
Association of Food Journalism, formed 39 years ago, establishes and revises
guidelines for food criticism as well as a code of ethics for food journalists.

SOUTH

Death penalty sought in Connellsville killing

Prosecutors are seeking the death penalty for two men accused in the June
strangling death of a Connellsville woman, who "were not satisfied with killing
alone," Fayette County District Attorney Jack R. Heneks Jr. said Thursday in
court filings.

Paul J. Bannasch of Uniontown and Craig A. Rugg of Connellsville, both 24,
"intended to inflict upon the victim intense pain and suffering, in addition to
death, and that the same was unnecessarily heinous, atrocious or cruel,
manifesting exceptional depravity and indicating that [Mr. Bannasch] and [Mr.
Rugg] were not satisfied with killing alone," Mr. Heneks wrote in a notice filed
Thursday.

Their charges include criminal homicide, involuntary deviate sexual intercourse,
aggravated indecent assault, abuse of a corpse, unlawful restraint and criminal
conspiracy in the June 22 death of Margaret "Peggy" Kriek.

Pennsylvania State Police said the pair assaulted Ms. Kriek, 52, and strangled
her near Water Street in Connellsville and dumped her body in the river. A
Westmoreland County Boy Scout troop found her body during a camping trip.

Attorneys for the men could not be reached immediately.

Man in prison for buying gun for someone else

Jeffrey Cochenour went to a Gander Mountain store and bought a 7.62x39 mm rifle,
claiming it was for him when it was really for another person, and now he's
heading for prison.

Cochenour, 42, of Charleroi, was sentenced Wednesday to one year and eight
months in prison, followed by two years of probation. U.S. District Judge
Terrence F. McVerry imposed the sentence.

U.S. Attorney David Hickton cited the prosecution, and numerous others, in
February as examples of vigorous enforcement of federal gun laws.

STATE

Court upholds conviction for ex-Rep. Brett Feese

The state Superior Court has upheld the corruption conviction of former state
Rep. Brett Feese, a onetime local prosecutor and legislative leader who is
serving a four- to 12-year prison term.

A three-judge panel turned down Feese's appeal Wednesday, rejecting his argument
that state prosecutors engaged in misconduct and deprived him of a fair trial by
destroying notes from their interviews with witnesses.

Two of the judges concluded that the attorney general's office followed its
policy on the destruction of investigatory notes and that any assertion is
speculative about how the destroyed information might have affected the outcome
of the trial of the six-term state lawmaker from Lycoming County.

Senior Judge James J. Fitzgerald III dissented on the notes issue, arguing that
a hearing should have been held on defense allegations that prosecutors violated
their own policy in destroying the notes.

In 2011, Feese was convicted of 40 counts involving the misuse of millions of
public dollars by hiring outside consultants and using state employees to
develop custom software to help elect GOP legislative candidates.

His sentence was the stiffest among the Republican defendants in a state
corruption probe that resulted in charges against 25 people connected to the
House Republican and Democratic caucuses.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2013 P.G. Publishing Co.

                             261 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Pittsburgh Post-Gazette (Pennsylvania)

                           February 14, 2008 Thursday
                                 SOONER EDITION

ID THEFT STILL KING OF CONSUMER FRAUD, FTC SAYS

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C-2

LENGTH: 385 words


Charles Arrotti, a charlatan who posed as a lawyer and represented clients in
Pittsburgh, committed identity theft last year.

His crime, though more outrageous than most, was typical in one way. Identity
theft was the most common complaint of consumer fraud in 2007, the Federal Trade
Commission said yesterday.

In fact, identity theft has topped the list of consumer-fraud complaints for
seven consecutive years, the FTC said.

Of 813,899 total complaints in 2007, nearly a third were related to identity
theft.

Credit card theft was the most common form of identity theft. Consumers reported
losses of more than $1.2 billion, according to the FTC.

On a per capita basis, the Albany-Lebanon, Ore., region reported more consumer
fraud than any other metropolitan area. Two places known for their agricultural
economies, Greeley, Colo., and Napa, Calif., were second and third.

Pennsylvania had two metro areas among the 50 with the highest per capita
incidence of fraud.

The Civil War town of Gettysburg, Adams County, and its "micropolitan
statistical area" were 15th on the list. East Stroudsburg, Monroe County, and
its surrounding area in the Poconos ranked 28th.

The FTC said the statistics were derived from "self-reported and unverified
consumer complaints."

The Pittsburgh metro area was No. 287 for consumer-fraud complaints and 334 for
identity-theft complaints. A total of 382 areas reported complaints.

Among states, Arizona reported the most complaints of identity theft per 100,000
people. Colorado had the highest percentage of complaints for overall consumer
fraud.

Pennsylvania was 14th on the list of identity-theft complaints and 30th in the
broader category of complaints of consumer fraud.

In all, residents of Pennsylvania made 19,197 complaints of consumer fraud, the
FTC said. Many involved shop-at-home or catalog sales, claims of lottery prizes
and purported money offers from foreign countries.

The case of Mr. Arrotti, 58, was one that went from a complaint to a criminal
conviction. He pleaded guilty in December to 18 counts of practicing law without
a license and one count of identity theft.

While impersonating a lawyer, he handed out an Oakmont attorney's card as if it
were his own.

Allegheny County Judge Cheryl L. Allen sentenced him to six months of house
arrest and 10 years of probation.

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 P.G. Publishing Co.

                             262 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             National Mortgage News

                                 March 17, 2014

Justice Didn't Ensure Fraud Was Priority: IG Says

BYLINE: Bloomberg News

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 18 Vol. 38 No. 25

LENGTH: 261  words


The Justice Department failed to pursue mortgage fraud in the years following
the 2008 financial crisis with the same level of commitment that it publicly
touted, an internal watchdog said.

While Attorney General Eric Holder said mortgage-fraud cases were among the
department's top priorities, the FBI internally ranked them the lowest of six
criminal threats, according to a report released last week by Inspector General
Michael Horowitz. The FBI devoted fewer resources to such cases even though
Congress allocated $196 million for fiscal years 2009 to 2011 to pursue such
conduct.

The Justice Department has been criticized by lawmakers and judges for not
bringing more criminal cases against individuals following the collapse in
housing prices and ensuing market turmoil. In August, Holder retracted a public
statement after Bloomberg News reported that the department had inflated its
track record of mortgage-fraud prosecutions.

Holder's department "did not uniformly ensure that mortgage fraud was
prioritized at a level commensurate with DOJ's public statements about the
importance of pursuing financial fraud cases in general, and mortgage fraud
cases in particular," the inspector general's office said in a statement.

Horowitz found that mortgage fraud was a low priority or wasn't a priority at
all in FBI field offices including New York, Miami, Los Angeles and Baltimore,
according to the report. "The facts regarding the department's work on mortgage
fraud tell a much different story than this report," said Ellen Canale, a
Justice Department spokeswoman.

URL: http://www.nationalmortgagenews.com//

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NMN


                        Copyright 2014 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             263 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Lowell Sun (Massachusetts)

                            October 9, 2007 Tuesday

Husband blames glass-eating fraud on gypsy lifestyle Police are still searching
for wife

BYLINE: By Lisa Redmond, lredmond@lowellsun.com

SECTION: LOCAL; News

LENGTH: 396 words


BOSTON -- A Massachusetts man, who claims he is part of a Gypsy culture, will
spend more than five years in federal prison for his role in a scheme in which
he and his wife defrauded insurance companies, restaurants and hospitals --
including a Burlington restaurant and a Lowell hospital -- by swallowing glass
and claiming it had been in the food, according to the U.S. Department of
Justice.

At his sentencing hearing, Ronald Evano, 49, who has a lengthy criminal history
for theft, shoplifting and construction fraud, asked the judge for mercy, saying
he was from the Roma or Gypsy culture.

He claimed the money he swindled was needed dowries and other costs associated
with the marriages of his sons.

Evano, who had nine different aliases and various addresses in Massachusetts,
Maryland and West Virginia, was sentenced by U.S. District Court Judge Rya Zobel
to 63 months in prison and ordered to pay more than $340,000 in restitution.

He pleaded guilty on Aug. 15 to multiple counts of mail fraud, wire fraud,
identify fraud, Social Security fraud, and false statements made on health-care
matters for a long-running scheme in which he ad his wife falsely claimed there
was glass in the food they bought.

Prosecutors allege that between August 1997 and June 2005, Evano and his wife,
Mary, who is still wanted by police, swindled more than $200,000 from insurance
companies after falsely claiming that hotels, supermarkets and restaurants in
Maryland, Rhode Island, Massachusetts and Washington, D.C., served food with
glass in it.

Although the couple received insurance settlements for their claims, $100,000 in
medical bills remain unpaid.

On Aug. 19, 1998, Mary Evano, using the alias Nancy Stevens, claimed she ate
glass that was in a plate of beans served to her at an unnamed restaurant in
Burlington. Three days later, she was admitted to Saints Medical Center in
Lowell claiming to be injured by the glass she swallowed.

Doctors there performed a variety of procedures, including a colonoscopy,
resulting in medical bills of more than $10,000.

Six months later, the restaurant reached a settlement payment of $11,745 paid to
Nancy and Ronald Sevens, of Weymouth. The check was cashed using a false
Massachusetts Identity Card and false Social Security number.

The medical bills were not paid.

Mary Evano has not been arrested. She is considered a fugitive, wanted by
police.

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             264 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             National Mortgage News

                                 March 24, 2014

Lawmakers Take DOJ to Task Over Mortgage Fraud Report

BYLINE: Joe Adler

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 9 Vol. 38 No. 26

LENGTH: 562  words


Three congressional Democrats want to meet with Attorney General Eric Holder
about a watchdog report suggesting Department of Justice mortgage fraud
investigations are a lower priority than publicly stated and DOJ statistics on
fraud cases are inaccurate.

"This report calls into question the department's commitment to investigate and
prosecute crimes such as predatory lending, loan modification scams and abusive
mortgage servicing practices," Reps. Elijah Cummings, D-Md., and Maxine Waters,
D-Calif., and Sen. Elizabeth Warren, D-Mass., wrote in a letter to Holder last
week.

The March 13 report by the DOJ's inspector general said that, despite its
statements about federal law enforcement's raised focus on mortgage fraud, "DOJ
did not uniformly ensure that mortgage fraud was prioritized at a level
commensurate with its public statements."

The report said the criminal investigative division within the Federal Bureau of
Investigation ranked mortgage fraud as a low criminal threat, and mortgage fraud
at FBI field offices in Baltimore, Los Angeles, Miami and New York was "a low
priority, or not listed as a priority."

"We request a meeting to review the inspector general's findings and to
understand the steps that will be taken to ensure that the department's efforts
to identify and prosecute those responsible for fraudulent mortgage practices
are equal to the harms such crimes have caused our constituents," Cummings,
Waters and Warren wrote in their letter to Holder.

The watchdog also cited examples where law enforcement officials reported
inaccurate and inflated data on efforts to prosecute defendants for
mortgage-related offenses. A case management system to keep statistics "did not
allow for a complete or reliable assessment of DOJ's mortgage fraud efforts,"
the report said. The IG also pointed to an FBI memorandum concluding that
statistics on prosecutions Holder had used at a 2012 press conference "were
substantially overstated."

"Even after identifying the possibility that the data reported at the press
conference were in error, the department continued to cite them in public press
releases," the three lawmakers wrote. They added, "The number of Americans who
have been the victims of mortgage fraud is unknown and the inspector general's
report indicates that the department's own data are unreliable indicators of the
extent of the department's efforts to identify and prosecute those responsible
for illegal lending schemes."

The IG report included several recommendations, including an acknowledgement of
corrections to inaccurately reported data, better methodology for reviewing
information before reporting results publicly and steps to "readily identify
mortgage fraud criminal and civil enforcement efforts for reporting purposes."

In a Feb. 21 letter to the IG responding to its audit, Deputy Attorney General
James M. Cole said DOJ has made progress with its mortgage fraud investigations.

"We agree with these recommendations, although we note...several points that
deserve further emphasis," Cole wrote. "As an initial matter, the department has
focused successfully on mortgage fraud violations. As the FBI data in the audit
report itself reflects, the number of mortgage fraud convictions more than
doubled from FY 2009 to FY 2010, i.e., from 555 to 1,087 convictions, and then
increased further in FY 2011 to 1,118 convictions."

URL: http://www.nationalmortgagenews.com//

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NMN


                        Copyright 2014 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             265 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                American Banker

                             March 18, 2014 Tuesday

Lawmakers Take DOJ to Task Over Mortgage Fraud Report

BYLINE: Joe Adler

SECTION: REGULATION & REFORM Vol. 179 No. 41

LENGTH: 565  words


WASHINGTON - Three congressional Democrats want to meet with Attorney General
Eric Holder about a watchdog report suggesting Department of Justice mortgage
fraud investigations are a lower priority than publicly stated and DOJ
statistics on fraud cases are inaccurate.

"This report calls into question the Department's commitment to investigate and
prosecute crimes such as predatory lending, loan modification scams and abusive
mortgage servicing practices," Reps. Elijah Cummings, D-Md., and Maxine Waters,
D-Calif., and Sen. Elizabeth Warren, D-Mass., wrote in a letter to Holder dated
Monday.

The March 13 report by the DOJ's inspector general said that, despite its
statements about federal law enforcement's raised focus on mortgage fraud, "DOJ
did not uniformly ensure that mortgage fraud was prioritized at a level
commensurate with its public statements."

The report said the criminal investigative division within the Federal Bureau of
Investigation ranked mortgage fraud as a low criminal threat, and mortgage fraud
at FBI field offices in Baltimore, Los Angeles, Miami and New York was "a low
priority, or not listed as a priority."

"We request a meeting to review the Inspector General's findings and to
understand the steps that will be taken to ensure that the Department's efforts
to identify and prosecute those responsible for fraudulent mortgage practices
are equal to the harms such crimes have caused our constituents," Cummings,
Waters and Warren wrote in their letter to Holder.

The watchdog also cited examples where law enforcement officials reported
inaccurate and inflated data on efforts to prosecute defendants for
mortgage-related offenses. A case management system to keep statistics "did not
allow for a complete or reliable assessment of DOJ's mortgage fraud efforts,"
the report said. The IG also pointed to an FBI memorandum concluding that
statistics on prosecutions Holder had used at a 2012 press conference "were
substantially overstated."

"Even after identifying the possibility that the data reported at the press
conference were in error, the Department continued to cite them in public press
releases," the three lawmakers wrote. They added, "The number of Americans who
have been the victims of mortgage fraud is unknown and the Inspector General's
report indicates that the Department's own data are unreliable indicators of the
extent of the Department's efforts to identify and prosecute those responsible
for illegal lending schemes."

The IG report included several recommendations, including an acknowledgement of
corrections to inaccurately reported data, better methodology for reviewing
information before reporting results publicly and steps to "readily identify
mortgage fraud criminal and civil enforcement efforts for reporting purposes."

In a Feb. 21 letter to the IG responding to its audit, Deputy Attorney General
James M. Cole said DOJ has made progress with its mortgage fraud investigations.

"We agree with these recommendations, although we note... several points that
deserve further emphasis," Cole wrote. "As an initial matter, the Department has
focused successfully on mortgage fraud violations. As the FBI data in the audit
report itself reflects, the number of mortgage fraud convictions more than
doubled from FY 2009 to FY 2010, i.e., from 555 to 1,087 convictions, and then
increased further in FY 2011 to 1,118 convictions."

URL: http://www.americanbanker.com

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AMERICANBANKER_AB


                        Copyright 2014 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             266 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    September 2, 1990, Sunday, Final Edition

FHA Fund Threatened By Widespread Fraud;
Inflated Appraisals Skewed Taxes For Many District Property Owners

BYLINE: Kirstin Downey

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A15

LENGTH: 563 words


Trinidad was only one of the neighborhoods struck by the epidemic of real estate
fraud that hit Washington during the 1980s. The neighborhoods of Deanwood,
Anacostia, Congress Heights and North Capitol Hill also were hit hard, according
to federal investigators. Experts estimate that 2,000 small apartment buildings
were swept in.

Washington was not the only city hit. Similar fraud occurred in Baltimore,
Alexandria, Prince George's County, Chicago, Denver, Atlanta, Houston, Tulsa,
Oklahoma City, Philadelphia, Seattle, South Florida, Indianapolis and Camden,
N.J.

The fraudulent activity contributed to the $ 4.2 billion in losses incurred by
the Federal Housing Administration insurance fund in 1988 alone.

The FHA program, created in 1934 to help house American families, has helped
boost the nation's home ownership rate to one of the highest in the world. But
if the losses continue at current levels, the financial survival of the program
could be jeopardized.

This summer, the General Accounting Office and private consultants hired by the
Department of Housing and Urban Development reported that the loan insurance
program has been pushed to the brink of insolvency.

Washington was hit the hardest by fraud and abuse of the program, said Paul A.
Adams, HUD's inspector general.

In addition to destabilizing neighborhoods such as Trinidad, undermining rent
control, scattering longtime renters and leaving buildings abandoned, the fraud
distorted property values and tax assessments in parts of the city.

The distortion of property values stemmed from the inflated appraisals generated
by those who participated in the scheme to increase the size of the loan
guarantee, increase profits and cover the fees and kickbacks they paid to other
participants.

With time, the artificial appraisals set the standard for the going prices --
the market values -- in the affected neighborhoods, making them less attractive
to legitimate investors or forcing innocent investors to overpay for them.

Because assessors base tax bills on market values, the process also is believed
to have distorted the District's tax base, making it nearly impossible to
establish accurate and fair tax bills.

"You as a consumer are probably paying too much as a result of the inflated
values of those properties," Adams said.

The District's top residential assessment official said that some District tax
bills may have been affected. "I'd have to say it's possible, yes, because of
the way [assessments] are done," said Charles Horwitz, manager of the
residential assessment division of the District's office of real property taxes.
"If they can fool the people at FHA, they can fool anybody."

Despite the convictions and the ongoing seven-year investigation by the FBI, HUD
and the Veterans Administration, some people knowledgeable about the fraud --
including at least two former participants -- believe it is still occurring in
the District.

John R. "Jack" Spicer, who pleaded guilty in October to fraud and was sentenced
to serve four months in a halfway house, said he believes similar fraudulent
activity is underway in the District, particularly in light of the recent
increase in the FHA loan limit to $ 124,850, up from $ 101,250.

"I know where it's not happening," Spicer said, smiling thinly and gesturing to
himself. "But I think it's still happening."


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: THE MANIPULATORS:HOW FRAUD DESPOILED A NEIGHBORHOOD, Part 1 of 3

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, SPECULATORS BOUGHT PROPERTIES, INFLATED PRICES AND RAISED RENTS,
FORCING OUT LONGTIME RESIDENTS ALONG STREETS SUCH AS MONTELLO AVENUE NE, SEEN
FROM THE INTERIOR OF ONE OF ONE OF SEVERAL PROPERTIES AFFECTED BY ILLEGAL
ACTIVITY. DUDLEY M. BROOKS

TYPE: SERIES, DC NEWS

                       Copyright 1990 The Washington Post

                             267 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     August 18, 1989, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Under appraisal;
S&L fraud pushes lawmakers to set standards for industry

BYLINE: Anne Kates

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 7B

LENGTH: 473 words


One congressional investigation found that collateral securing real estate loans
made in the mid-'80s by more than 800 S&Ls was inflated beyond its true value by
$ 3 billion because of incompetent or crooked appraisals. When borrowers
defaulted, the S&Ls were left with property that wasn't worth enough to cover
the loans. Result: 300 of the S&Ls were put on regulators' problem lists or were
declared insolvent.

So far, 15 states have enacted appraisal legislation, most spurred by amendments
to the $ 166 billion bailout plan signed into law last week. ''You, as an
individual hiring an appraiser, will have a much better opportunity to check
that person's credentials. Now, you're really not sure,'' says Michael Austin,
city assessor for Bath, Maine, and chairman of the Appraisal Foundation.

Under the federal law:

- States must set licensing standards for residential appraisers by July 1,
1991, and lenders must use licensed appraisers on federally insured or federally
backed loans.

- For federally backed loans of $ 1 million or more, mortgage lenders must use a
certified appraiser, a level up from licensed appraiser. Certified appraisers
must meet minimum qualifications set by the Appraisal Foundation, a joint effort
of eight professional appraisal associations.

- An Appraisal Subcommittee will be formed within the Federal Financial
Institutions Examinations Council to oversee the appraisal industry.

States where appraisal legislation has passed: Connecticut, Delaware, Florida,
Iowa, Louisiana, Minnesota, Nebraska, Nevada, North Carolina, Ohio, Oregon,
South Dakota, Texas, Washington, Wyoming.
 Aiming at fraud:   A 12-person fraud squad is taking shape at the

Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp.'s Reston, Va., headquarters to combat mortgage
fraud. Target: lenders or borrowers who misrepresent information to get loans;
kickbacks or other schemes between lenders and builders, realty agents,
appraisers, title insurers or other third parties.

Such shenanigans have cost the real estate lending industry hundreds of millions
in losses. The crookedest markets are the hottest ones, where rising prices can
mask dirty dealings. ''A lot more goes on in the California market than anyone
is aware of,'' says Doug Whiteley, vice president of risk management at Freddie
Mac. Fraud spawned in Arizona's once-booming real estate market is showing up
now, he says.

Freddie is recruiting former FBI agents. Among the experts on staff now: a U.S.
attorney's office fraud consultant and an S&L examiner.

Freddie won't buy mortgages from lenders who engage in or fail to report fraud.
Lenders who unwittingly sell fraudulent loans to Freddie will have to buy them
back. Freddie says it will prosecute wrongdoers. If you suspect mortgage fraud,
call Freddie's hot line: 703-759-8832.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Real Estate

                      Copyright 1989 Gannett Company Inc.

                             268 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

                   February 1, 1989, Wednesday, DAILY EDITION

U.S. task forces to fight financial centres crime

BYLINE: Reuters

SECTION: SECTION 3, THE MARKETS; Pg. 52

LENGTH: 457 words

DATELINE: Washington,DC


  The U.S. Justice Department yesterday formed six teams of investigators from a
cross-section of federal agencies to fight white-collar crime in major U.S.
financial centres.

U.S. Attorney-General Dick Thornburgh said the special task forces would help
stamp out ''crime in the suites'' - sophisticated fraud in securities and
futures markets that he said costs unsuspecting investors and the U.S. Treasury
billions of dollars every year.

''Investors are bilked out of hundreds of billions of dollars annually by
white-collar criminals who operate through deceit, concealment or breach of
trust beneath a thin veneer of legitimacy and respectability,'' Thornburgh told
a press conference.

Tax fraud connected to such schemes costs the U.S. Treasury US$90 billion in
lost revenues every year, Thornburgh said.

''As a result of a burgeoning number of fraud investigations and prosecutions, I
have become convinced that a concerted inter-agency effort is needed,'' he said.

The Wall St. insider-trading scandal has demanded a huge commitment of resources
from the U.S. Justice Department and the U.S. Securities & Exchange Commission
to pierce the labyrinthine network of associations and bring indictments.

At the same time, the U.S. attorney's office in Chicago, the Federal Bureau of
Investigation and federal futures regulators have been involved in a two-year,
undercover probe of alleged illegal trading practices on the floors of the
Chicago futures markets.

The new task forces will operate out of New York, Chicago, Los Angeles, San
Francisco, Kansas City and Denver, and have a total of 15 experienced assistant
U.S. attorneys assigned to them.

In addition, five other federal agencies will commit officials to the new units:
the SEC, the Internal Revenue Service, the Postal Inspection Service, the FBI
and the Commodity Futures Trading Commission.

Thornburgh said the task forces would investigate such illegal activities as
stock loan frauds, precious metals fraud, ''parking'' of securities and major
bank and brokerage frauds.

U.S. Attorney Rudolph Giuliani of Manhattan, who has put a string of Wall Street
insider traders behind bars in his 5 1/2 years as a top U.S. federal prosecutor,
said the task forces would give his office ''a stable group of investigators
that can look forward to and plan cases.''

Giuliani stepped down later yesterday and was replaced by interim U.S. Attorney
Benito Romano.

Thornburgh said he had not cleared the details of the initiative with U.S.
President George Bush but that the new president had made it clear ''one of the
priorities of his administration will be the protection of the integrity of
government and of other institutions.




LOAD-DATE: December 9, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: NEWS

                       Copyright 1989 Financial Post Ltd.

                             269 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                              May 11, 2008 Sunday
                                  Mars Edition

Area investors victims in huge fraud scheme

BYLINE: MARTI GOODLAD HELINE, Tribune Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. C5

LENGTH: 375 words


A South Bend native who has twice owned Avanti Motor Corp. is named in new
federal charges filed in Chicago accusing him in a $500 million fraud scheme
with victims across the country, including Michiana.

Federal prosecutors say Michael E. Kelly, 58, defrauded thousands of people,
many of them senior citizens, through investments that were essentially bogus
time shares in hotels in Cancun, Mexico.

Kelly and others associated with him are accused of using a significant amount
of the funds raised for their own benefit to buy homes, boats, hotels,
businesses, autos, planes, real estate and a nightclub.

Kelly, who is a citizen of the United States, Mexico and Belize, was named
Friday in a 14-count indictment filed in federal court in Chicago accusing him
of 10 counts of mail fraud and two counts each of wire fraud and securities
fraud.

Kelly, who lived in Mexico for several years, has been in custody since December
2006 when he was arrested in Florida on a federal criminal complaint.

The indictment says the fraud scheme began in 1998 and grew to include a network
of companies and salespeople working for Kelly.

Investors often were enticed to put retirement savings into the investments that
were claimed to be safe and have a high rate of return.

Losses to investors are estimated at $300 million, prosecutors said. They have
taken action to try to secure any assets available to use toward restitution for
victims.

In 1986, Kelly bought the Avanti brand car that had been started by Studebaker
and moved the company to Youngstown, Ohio. He sold it in 1988, but repurchased
the company in 1999 and moved production from Georgia to Cancun in 2006.

If convicted of all 14 charges, Kelly faces more than 200 years in prison and
millions of dollars in fines.

Kelly also faces civil action from the Securities and Exchange Commission
stemming from the sales of fraudulent securities.

The U.S. attorney's office for Northern Illinois asks that those who suspect
they may be a victim of Kelly's scheme and who have not already submitted a
victim survey to e-mail their name and address to usailn.victim.mk@usdoj.gov or
to call toll-free (866) 364-2621 to have a form mailed out.

Staff writer Marti Goodlad Heline: mheline@sbtinfo.com (574) 235-6327

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2008 South Bend Tribune Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved

                             270 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              December 8, 1988, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

Humphrey In-Law Convicted Of Bank and Insurance Fraud

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section A; Page 31, Column 6; National Desk

LENGTH: 99 words

DATELINE: ST. PAUL, Dec. 7


The son-in-law of Hubert H. Humphrey was found guilty today of eight counts of
mail fraud and one of bank fraud. He faces up to five years in prison and a
$250,000 fine on each count.

C. Bruce Solomonson, accused of diverting more than $1.5 million from his two
insurance companies to his personal accounts, was acquitted of four counts of
mail fraud. Mr. Solomonson, 47 years old, is also the brother-in-law of
Minnesota's Attorney General, Hubert H. Humphrey 3d. The Federal jury found him
guilty of defrauding the National City Bank of Minneapolis and St. Paul Fire and
Marine Company.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company

                             271 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Yellow Sheet Report

                            January 31, 2017 Tuesday

10,000 Arizonans Eligible for Restitution in Western Union Consumer Protection
Settlement

BYLINE: Jeremy Duda

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 392  words


PHOENIX -Attorney General Mark Brnovich today announced a settlement with
Western Union designed to protect consumers from wire fraud scams. Under the
multi-state settlement, Western Union is required to develop an anti-fraud
program designed to help detect and prevent unsuspecting consumers from wiring
money to scam artists. In addition to Arizona, 49 states and the District of
Columbia participated in this settlement.

"This settlement requires Western Union to do its part to stop a wire transfer
before a vulnerable senior is scammed out of their life savings,"said Attorney
General Mark Brnovich."Anti-fraud banking programs will help protect seniors
from criminals who continue to find new and innovative ways to steal from them."

Western Union's Anti-Fraud Program must include the following elements:

Anti-fraud warnings onforms used byconsumers to wire money;

Mandatorytraining and education for Western Union's agents about fraud-induced
wire transfers;

Heightened anti-fraud procedures when warranted;

Due diligence checks on Western Union agents who process money transfers;

Monitoring of Western Union agentsrelated to prevention of fraud-induced money
transfers;

Prompt disciplinary action against Western Union agents who fail to follow
required protocols concerning anti-fraud measures;

Under the settlement, Western Union will pay $586 million to victims of fraud
-induced wire transfers nationwide including Arizona victims. The Department of
Justice will administer the refunds. Approximately 10,000 Arizonans may be
eligible for over $11,560,000 in refunds through the restitution program. For
more information on this settlement and the restitution program, please visit
the Department of Justice's
website,https://www.justice.gov/criminal-afmls/remission.

If you believe you have been the victim of wire transfer or consumer fraud, you
can file a consumer complaint by contacting the Attorney General's Office in
Phoenix at(602) 542-5763, in Tucson at(520) 628-6648, or outside the Phoenix and
Tucson metro areas at1(800) 352-8431. Bilingual consumer protection staff
members are available to assist. Consumers can also file complaints online by
visiting the Attorney General's website
athttps://www.azag.gov/complaints/consumer.

Assistant Attorney General Dena Benjamin handled this case.

To view a copy of the Assurance,CLICK HERE

#

LOAD-DATE: February 6, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2017 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved

                             272 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Rhode Island Lawyers Weekly

                            October 2, 2012 Tuesday

Miami prosecutor joins USA's Office in R.I.

BYLINE: R.I. Lawyers Weekly Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 216  words


U.S. Attorney Peter F. Neronha has announced the appointment of Randy Katz as an
assistant U.S. attorney in Rhode Island.

Katz, a Boston native, served for more than seven years as an assistant U.S.
attorney in the economic crimes section of the U.S. Attorney's Office in Miami,
where he prosecuted significant bank fraud, securities fraud, health care fraud
and mortgage fraud cases.

In 2008, Katz was awarded the Attorney General's Award for Distinguished
Service, one of the highest honors given by the U.S. Department of Justice, for
his work on one of the largest health care fraud prosecutions in Florida's
history.

In 2009, he was recognized by the Federal Bar Association as a Younger Federal
Lawyer of the Year. In 2010, Katz received the Timothy Evans Memorial Award for
Outstanding Performance, given to the top federal prosecutor in the Southern
District of Florida. He also received the FBI Director's Award in 2011 for his
work on a notable mortgage fraud prosecution.

Katz graduated from the University of Maryland in 1998 and from Duke Law School
in 2001. Prior to his service as a federal prosecutor, he practiced as a
litigation associate at a law firm in Boston. He also served as a law clerk at
the 11th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals.

© 2012 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Personnel or management changes

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved

                             273 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                           August 11, 2010 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Murder suspect also faces fraud charges

SECTION: DENVER & THE WEST; Pg. B-02

LENGTH: 190 words


A man accused of murdering his father in New Jersey has been indicted in Denver
on multiple charges related to a mortgage-fraud scheme, the U.S. attorney's
office in Denver said Tuesday. William M. Silvi, 43, was indicted on counts of
wire fraud, mail fraud and money laundering.

The U.S. attorney's office in Denver said Silvi is in custody in New Jersey
awaiting a murder trial but was living in Colorado at the time of the alleged
mortgage-fraud scheme.

Silvi and his brother-in-law, Daniel Tunks, both of Colorado Springs, are
accused of conspiring to kill Silvi's father, William Marcucci, in Saddle Brook,
N.J., in May 2008. The men are charged with murder, conspiracy to commit murder,
unlawful possession of a weapon and possession of a weapon for unlawful purposes
in connection with the Marcucci homicide.

In the mortgage-fraud indictment, it is alleged that Silvi devised a scheme to
defraud various financial institutions and commercial lenders to obtain money
and property. Eleven Colorado properties were involved, and some were bought and
sold multiple times, according to the U.S. attorney's office. Howard Pankratz,
The Denver Post

LOAD-DATE: August 11, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2010 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved

                             274 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                     August 8, 1989, Tuesday, City Edition

Ex-Clearwater radio personality guilty of fraud

BYLINE: RICK BRAGG

SECTION: TAMPA BAY AND STATE; Pg. 6B

LENGTH: 577 words

DATELINE: TAMPA



TAMPA - A former Clearwater radio personality who defrauded    customers in his
gold and silver business to repay victims of a    previous crime has pleaded
guilty to 19 counts of fraud.

     Robert W. Snyder, 72, of 120 Coral Drive, pleaded guilty Friday in    U.S.
District Court to 10 counts of mail fraud and nine counts of wire    fraud, said
U.S. Attorney Robert W. Genzman.

     He defrauded 19 people out of a total of $ 85,000 between 1986-1988    and
used part of the money to pay court-ordered restitution to victims    of an
earlier, similar scheme, the indictment says.

     He had been sentenced to probation in 1985 for bilking 50 customers    in
sales of precious metals and dehydrated foods. He was ordered to pay    $
500,000 in restitution and sentenced twice to more than 10 years    probation.
He faces a five-year prison sentence and a $ 250,000 fine on    each count of
the latest case.

     According to the current indictment, Snyder used his newsletter,    "The
Bob Snyder Newsletter," to induce people to buy gold, silver and    other
precious metals. His victims were usually elderly.

     Snyder received the money through the mail or by wire transfer but    did
not provide the customers with their merchandise, the indictment    says.

     For years, Snyder bought time on radio station WWQT-AM of    Clearwater and
decried communists and Scientologists on his hourlong    daily show. A
charismatic, forceful speaker, he appeared on religious    broadcasts all over
the country.

     One of the victims in the latest scam was Donald Hitchner, a    retired
heating and air conditioning worker in Albuquerque, N.M. He    said he sent
Snyder a check for $ 10,000 but never received the gold    coins he ordered.

     Sam Kaser, an elderly Sterling, Alaska, resident, said he sent    Snyder $
4,650 by wire and never got the precious metals he paid for.

     The indictment does not specify how much of the money from the    second
scam Snyder used to repay victims of the first. It alleges he    used part of
the money for personal expenses.

     Investigators said Snyder used much the same scam both times.

     Snyder used the newsletter and airwaves to reach his victims. In    guest
appearances on religious stations, he talked of inflation and the    unstable
economy. Precious metals were a safe investment, he told them.

     Investor Miriam Witry of St. Petersburg said at the time of the    first
scheme that Snyder's broadcast made it seem "we were going to    hell in a
handbasket." That scam occurred in the early 1980s.

     In the second scam, Snyder circulated his newsletter to 6,000    people.

     In one excerpt, he wrote: "The economy is in a shambles. The bust    will
be a big, big economic bang. The stock market is yo-yoing up and    down. While
prices are low, readers need to BUY SILVER, GOLD OR    PLATINUM through the Bob
Snyder newsletter."

     Victims said they were impressed by Snyder's apparent religious
conviction.

     He is scheduled to be sentenced Oct. 17 by Judge Wm. Terrell    Hodges.

     The investigation was conducted by the investigators with the U.S.
Postal Inspector and the Florida Comptroller's Office.

     Snyder could not be reached for comment.



LOAD-DATE: November 9, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: TAMPA BAY AND STATE

                            Times Publishing Company

                             275 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                             June 23, 2007 Saturday
                                  City Edition

Enid builders, Realtors say fraud figures are puzzling

BYLINE: Richard Mize, Real Estate Editor

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 789 words


Is Enid a hotbed of mortgage fraud?

Numbers out of Washington, D.C., this week said "probably." People in the
housing business and banking in Enid said "not likely" - at least no more than
the rest of the country as it nurses a hangover from the housing boom and
subprime lending bust.

A new report from the Mortgage Asset Research Institute in Reston, Va., ranked
Enid No. 2 in the nation among "potential breeding grounds" of mortgage fraud
involving subprime loans. Enid was second only to Jackson, Mich., according to
the study, which tracked loans originated in 2006.

The ranking was based on an index of early payment defaults, loans 90 days late
within 90 days of origination - the borrowers never made a payment.

Enid also ranked high in potential fraud involving prime loans, according to the
Washington, D.C.-based Mortgage Bankers Association, which commissioned the
report.

Enid ranked No. 8 in early defaults on prime loans, behind only Buffalo-Niagara
Falls, N.Y., and six areas whacked by Hurricane Katrina in 2005.

"That just shocks me, actually," said Susan Root of Enid's ERA Nicholas Real
Estate and president of the Enid Metro Association of Realtors.

Root said the local Multiple Listing Service, which records loan types - high
interest rates, certain adjustable-rate loans and others considered subprime -
showed nothing alarming.

Nonetheless, the Oklahoma Insurance Department is investigating alleged mortgage
fraud statewide, said Marc Young, communications director. The department
licenses and regulates property appraisers through the state Real Estate
Appraiser Board. Inflated appraisals are at the root of some kinds of mortgage
fraud.

Young said state officials also were surprised "to see any Oklahoma community on
the list of early payment defaults."

The Mortgage Bankers Association said the annual rankings previously have been a
good predictor of actual fraud the next year. However, fraud schemes
specifically designed to avoid the detection of defaults have muddied the
default data's predictability, the association acknowledged.

Something else that might cloud the statistics is the relative small size of the
housing market in Enid, population 46,416 in 2005. Small increases can result in
big percentage changes that could have landed Enid on the lists.

Other statistics from the association, obtained Friday for The Oklahoman by
Oklahoma City mortgage banker David Feisal, past president of the Oklahoma
Mortgage Bankers Association, put Enid's mortgage situation in a better light.

During the period studied, nationally 0.31 percent of prime loans were in
foreclosure, and 0.93 percent were 90 days delinquent, based on the study of
about 400,000 mortgages, according to the association.

In Enid, 0.65 percent of prime loans were in foreclosure, and 1.25 percent were
90 days delinquent, based on Enid's total of 5,400 mortgages.

Enid's foreclosure rate was more than twice the national average, and its
delinquency rate was 34 percent higher than the national average.

However, the numbers were tiny: Enid had 35 mortgages in foreclosure and 68
mortgages 90 days late, the association said.

In Enid, the percentage of subprime loans in trouble was about the same as
across the nation.

Nationally, 3.5 percent of subprime loans were in foreclosure, and 10.6 percent
were 90 days delinquent, based on about 90,000 loans studied.

In Enid, 3.72 percent of subprime loans were in foreclosure, and 9.7 percent
were 90 days delinquent - less, actually, than the nation's - based on 712
subprime loans studied.

Further, while the national ratio of subprime to prime loans in foreclosure was
2:1, in Enid the ratio was almost even.

Feisal said that suggests that even risky loans in Enid were performing better
than in the nation as a whole.

And that seems to square with local observations.

Root said the economy in Enid, like most of the rest of Oklahoma, is on the
upswing.

Garfield Sheriff Bill Winchester's secretary, Kristin Booth, said weekly
foreclosure sales have averaged 15 to 20 per month in the five years she's been
working with them.

Enid home builder and developer David Ritchie, vice president-treasurer of the
Oklahoma State Home Builders Association, also was surprised at the numbers.

"There hasn't been a lot of activity in the courthouse paperwork up here," he
said.

Even Enid banker Bob Emery, who also is a property appraiser, was flummoxed.

"We probably have one repo right now that's in progress, and that's probably the
only one this year," said Emery, senior vice president of Security National Bank
of Enid.

However, if many loans are going bad in Enid, Emery said, "local banks aren't
making the loans. It's probably from the Internet - quote, unquote - banks."

LOAD-DATE: June 26, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2007 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved

                             276 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                             June 17, 2010 Thursday
                            0 South Pinellas Edition

HOUSE FLIPPER TO PLEAD GUILTY IN MORTGAGE SCAM

BYLINE: MICHAEL VAN SICKLER, Times Staff Writer

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 950 words

DATELINE: TAMPA



HIGHLIGHT: "Sonny'' Kim will help feds go after others in the fraud.


Sang-Min Kim, a tattoo parlor owner who made a fortune flipping homes at the
height of the real estate boom, was indicted by federal officials on Wednesday
and charged with money laundering and conspiracy to commit wire, mail and bank
fraud.

A six-page indictment by the U.S. Attorney's Office accused Kim of operating a
far-reaching scam that involved numerous buyers, sellers, lawyers, banks and
real estate professionals. The multimillion dollar scam was first revealed by
the St. Petersburg Times in 2008 as an example of how mortgage fraud contributed
to the Tampa Bay area's housing collapse.

The indictment said Kim flipped about 100 homes between January 2005 and October
2008. Of those transactions, 80 involved fraud that cost lenders about $6.4
million, the indictment stated.

"It's one of the biggest and one of the more significant mortgage fraud cases
we've done in the last year," said Steve Cole, a spokesman for the U.S. attorney
for the Middle District of Florida. "There's a conspiracy there, so we're not
done."

Kim, 36, who goes by the nickname "Sonny," agreed to plead guilty to both counts
at a hearing that's scheduled for June 29 before U.S. Magistrate Judge Elizabeth
A. Jenkins. Though he faces a maximum sentence of 50 years in prison and fines
of $750,000, Kim will most likely be given a lighter sentence, in part because
of his guilty plea and his cooperation in helping authorities investigate and
prosecute others - against whom he might testify.

Kim is out on release until the hearing and couldn't be reached. His attorney,
Richard Escobar, declined comment.

"It's too early in the process," Escobar said.

It was the second major mortgage fraud case announced this week by the U.S.
attorney for the Middle District, which covers a region that includes Tampa,
Orlando, Jacksonville and Fort Myers. On Monday, federal officials arrested
Joseph Daniele on charges that he participated in a mortgage fraud scam between
2004 and 2008.

"When we started learning the extent of the fraud, federal prosecutors weren't
ready for it," said Richard Hagar, a property fraud expert in Seattle who
reviewed the Kim indictment for the Times. "This is another indication that's
not the case anymore. They are now reacting to it."

Mortgage fraud cases typically take two years to investigate, so more
prosecutions should be expected in the coming months, Hagar said.

"The states and FBI are starting to train a lot of people for this crime," he
said. "You are going to see an acceleration in the number of mortgage cases
filed."

In his agreement with federal officials, Kim admitted to a long list of
infractions that relied on the cooperation of real estate insiders and
professionals.

Kim bribed a banker to seal deals. He had a real estate agent create false W-2
forms to inflate a prospective borrower's income to qualify for a loan. Mortgage
brokers falsified loan applications for buyers whom he then paid off.

Kim paid title agents extra commissions for recommending files for closing. He
hired appraisers he knew would "come in higher on home values," thereby fetching
higher loan amounts that were never paid back.

As the Times story explained in 2008, that scam left a trail of foreclosures
through some of Tampa's most impoverished neighborhoods. The deals were financed
by the bad mortgages approved or assigned by Wachovia, Washington Mutual Bank,
Bank of America, National City Bank, Lehman Bros., Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac and
Wells Fargo - the same banks that either went bust or were salvaged only by
merging with other banks or by receiving billions in a taxpayer bailout.

The indictment and plea agreement state that Kim was able to do it all by
following a tried and true scam that's commonly called "the straw buyer." It
goes like this:

- Kim bought a house that had been identified by a co-conspirator as being easy
to purchase for a cheap price. Often these homes were in disrepair.

- Frequently, the co-conspirator who found the house for Kim to purchase would
then buy the house from Kim. At closing, this buyer would use money Kim loaned
to him or her to make the down payment. The down payment would give the lender
the impression the buyer had the means to pay back the loan, which they didn't.
The lender never knew that Kim and the co-conspirator were in cahoots.

- After receiving the bank loan, Kim would pay the buyer a small sum for their
cooperation in the scam. "(Kim) knew it was wrong to provide funds to the buyers
for down payments and to provide the buyers with a financial incentive to
purchase the property in the first place," the plea agreement states.

- The people who bought from Kim falsified claims on loan documents and never
intended to live in the house or pay off the loans. The homes would then get
foreclosed on, but Kim and the buyer had already been paid.

The scam corrodes the entire premise of buying a home. The straw buyers paid off
by Kim - and enabled by a raft of real estate insiders - borrowed millions not
because they wanted to live in the homes they were buying. Instead, they were
"motivated by the fact that they were actually being paid to assume the role of
'purchaser,'" the plea agreement states.

Hagar said Kim represents a promising lead for investigators. He said even
though the indictment doesn't name other individuals, it explicitly describes
those who played roles in the wider scheme.

"The $6 million they mention in the indictment is chump change to what this
network represents," Hagar said. "This is the way (federal officials) work a
case. They'll get the cooperation of someone like Kim and work their way up.
This is going to be much larger."

Michael Van Sickler can be reached at (727) 893-8037 or mvansickler@sptimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 17, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO - Times files (2008): Sang-Min "Sonny'' Kim relied on the
cooperation of real estate insiders and professionals to flip homes.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2010 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved

                             277 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  May 3, 1997, Saturday, Late Edition - Final
                              Correction Appended

METRO NEWS BRIEFS: NEW YORK;
3 Indicted in Stock Fraud Said to Be Mob-Related

SECTION: Section 1; Page 26; Column 6; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 272 words


Three men, including one identified as an associate of the Colombo crime family,
were indicted yesterday on stock fraud charges in one of the first cases to
arise from what the authorities have described as a shift to white-collar crime
by the region's Mafia families.

Louis Malpeso Jr., 35, of Staten Island; Joseph DiBella, 37, of Boca Raton,
Fla., and Robert Catoggio, 38, of Staten Island, were charged with manipulating
the stock market and conspiring to commit mail and wire fraud, officials said.
Zachary W. Taylor, the United States Attorney in Brooklyn, and James K.
Kallstrom, head of the F.B.I. in New York, said they believed the case was the
first linking organized crime to fraud on Wall Street. No investors lost money,
officials said.

The arrests resulted from a sting operation in which investigators were aided by
a stockbroker who had borrowed $100,000 from Mr. Malpeso, the alleged Colombo
associate. When the broker, John Burnham, could not keep up with his payments,
Mr. Malpeso threatened to kill him and his family, prosecutors said.

The lending of money to brokers who can later be coerced into carrying out stock
fraud is a new trend in organized crime, officials say.

In the sting, Federal investigators created a phony job for Mr. Burnham at a
fictitious firm. Early last year, Mr. Malpeso and the other two suspects, both
licensed stockbrokers, proposed an illegal stock scheme as a way for Mr. Burnham
to pay off his debt, prosecutors said. The scheme was intended to inflate the
price of a stock through illegal trades and by recommending the stock to the
firm's unsuspecting customers.

LOAD-DATE: May 3, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: May 4, 1997, Sunday

CORRECTION:

A report in Metro News Briefs in some editions yesterday about the indictment of
three men on stock fraud charges misidentified the Assistant United States
Attorney in Brooklyn. He is Zachary W. Carter.


                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company

                             278 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                             August 25, 2008 Monday

National And International Report / Mortgage fraud jumps 42% in 1Q, led by
Florida

BYLINE: Pioneer Press

SECTION: INTL BIZ BRIEFING; Business

LENGTH: 849 words


Reported incidents of mortgage fraud jumped 42 percent nationwide, with Florida
reporting the highest number of cases, according to industry data released
Monday.

Properties in the Sunshine State accounted for nearly a quarter of all mortgage
fraud incidents, the Mortgage Asset Research Institute said. California ranked
second, followed by a three-way tie for third among Illinois, Maryland and
Michigan.

The report is based on data submitted by MARI subscribers about loans that were
originated in the first quarter of this year and have since been classified as
fraudulent.

The most common mortgage fraud cases included misrepresenting income, employment
history, and debt and assets. Maryland, for example, had an unusually high
percentage -- 69 percent -- of cases that involved tax return and financial
statement misrepresentation.

Mortgage fraud has represented about $1 billion in losses over the past decade,
the Mortgage Bankers Association has said.Precision Drilling to acquire Grey
Wolf

Canada's Precision Drilling will buy Grey Wolf in a cash and stock deal worth
more than $2 billion, the companies said Monday, apparently ending an extended
fight for control of the Houston gas driller.

Grey Wolf shareholders had earlier spurned a rival offer from Basic Energy
Services Inc., a well-site services company in Texas, that would have created a
$2.9 billion company.

Under the new agreement, Precision will pay $1.12 billion in cash and 42 million
shares valued at $896.7 million, based on Friday's closing stock price. The new
offer involves less cash, but would give Grey Wolf shareholders a larger stake
in the new company through a fatter share offering.Japan's top banker talks up
economy

Bank of Japan Gov. Masaaki Shirakawa reiterated Monday that while the country's
economy will probably remain stagnant for the time being, stronger fundamentals
will help it avoid a deep downturn. Against the backdrop of higher energy prices
and faltering financial markets, growth in the world's second biggest economy
has come to a virtual halt. Second-quarter gross domestic product, which
contracted at a 2.4 percent annual pace, suggests that the country teeters on
the brink of recession.

Last week, the central bank left its key interest rate steady at 0.5 percent,
giving it little wiggle room to spur growth with rate cuts.

Shirakawa said the economy is more resilient now than in the past, when Japan
faced excess labor, debt and capacity. Also, Japanese financial institutions
have incurred smaller subprime-related losses than their U.S. and European
counterparts, he said.Russia backs off WTO commitments

Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin backed proposals Monday allowing Moscow to
back off on some commitments -- particularly in agriculture -- it has made
during World Trade Organization accession talks, state-run media reported.

Russia, the only major country outside the WTO, still faces major barriers to
membership even after 14 years of negotiations to join the 153-member body,
which sets the rules on global trade.

Accession has been held up over a number of issues, including farm subsidies,
export taxes on wood and rules concerning Russian state monopolies such as OAO
Gazprom.

But now Western officials, including President Bush and U.S. Secretary of
Commerce Carlos Gutierrez, say that Russia's entry into the WTO could be
jeopardized by its military actions in Georgia.

Analysts said Russia's toughened stance was a response to those warnings.Stride
Rite regains rights to Pro-Keds

Pro-Keds is hoping that a modern twist to some of its classic styles such as the
"Royal" canvas basketball shoe will help woo back the trendsetter.

The Stride Rite Corp. said Monday that it has reacquired its rights to the
Pro-Keds brand from licensee and hip-hop mogul Damon Dash and will bring the
brand back in-house.

As part of the move, Pro-Keds will undergo an overhaul to focus on classic
styles -- with modern styling. The new styles, whose prices range from $50 to
$80, will hit stores in November. A wider collection will be available next
spring.

Stride Rite said it is targeting premium stores and plans to do an exclusive
limited edition collection with key fashion boutiques within a few months.

Briefly

The Sacramento Bee and Fresno Bee offered voluntary buyouts to a majority of
their full-time employees in the latest round of cost-cutting at the newspapers.
Both publications are owned by Sacramento, Calif.-based McClatchy Co. ...
Advanced Micro Devices Inc. will sell its unit that makes chips for digital TV
sets to fellow chip maker Broadcom Corp. for $192.8 million in cash, the
companies announced Monday. ... Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Studios Inc. said it is "not
for sale" following a report in BusinessWeek Saturday that MGM's owners were
looking to sell the movie company for $5.2 billion. The studio was taken private
for nearly $5 billion in 2005 by Providence Equity Partners, TPG, Sony Corp. of
America and Comcast Corp. ... The Canadian arm of Ford Motor Co. has appointed
David Mondragon as president and chief executive officer, effective Sept. 1.

-- From wire reports

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2008 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved

                             279 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                           October 31, 2012 Wednesday

Former Steelers player indicted in fraud scheme

BYLINE: WIRE REPORTS

LENGTH: 373 words


MEMPHIS, Tenn. -- Former University of Tennessee and Steelers wide receiver
Cedrick Wilson was indicted in an alleged test-taking fraud scheme, federal
prosecutors said Tuesday.

The U.S. attorney's office for West Tennessee said Wilson had someone else take
two physical education examinations for him.

Prosecutors say Wilson cited the tests when he submitted an employment
application to Memphis City Schools in January 2010.

Wilson has been charged with wire fraud and Social Security fraud. Prosecutors
say the test-taker used Wilson's Social Security number while posing as him.

There was no listed phone number for a Cedrick Wilson in Memphis, and The
Associated Press could not determine whether he has a lawyer.

Wilson spent seven seasons in the NFL with San Francisco and the Steelers and
won the Super Bowl after the 2005 season with the Steelers.

Chiefs quarterback Matt Cassel will start Thursday night's game at San Diego
after Brady Quinn took a blow to the head in last weekend's loss to Oakland.
Coach Romeo Crennel said Tuesday that doctors have not cleared Quinn to
practice, so Cassel will be the starter and Ricky Stanzi the backup.

The Tampa Bay Buccaneers placed guard Carl Nicks, an All-Pro last season, on
injured reserve. Nicks, an All-Pro with the Saints in 2011 before signing with
the Bucs as a free agent, will require surgery on his left foot to repair a toe
problem.

The San Diego Chargers waived kicker Nate Kaeding after he passed a physical.
Kaeding was placed on injured reserve on Oct. 22 with a groin injury. The
Chargers said then that they'd release him when he was healthy.

A year after giving him a new contract, the Jacksonville Jaguars traded Mike
Thomas to the Detroit Lions on Tuesday for an undisclosed draft pick.

Ravens offensive tackle Bryant McKinnie is facing a $375,000 lawsuit demanding
payment for a debt. It stems from allegations that he ran up a hefty tab at two
Miami strip clubs.

The St. Louis Rams say running back Steven Jackson is not being traded. Coach
Jeff Fisher did his best to quash persistent rumors, saying Tuesday that the
Rams aren't shopping Jackson and have not been getting calls about him, either.

-- Wire reports

LOAD-DATE: November 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2012 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved

                             280 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                            November 1, 2011 Tuesday
                                 METRO EDITION

Mortgage fraud costs broker hard time

BYLINE: DAN BROWNING; STAFF WRITER, STAR TRIBUNE (Mpls.-St. Paul)

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4B

LENGTH: 369 words



HIGHLIGHT: The scheme cost lenders more than $8 million.


An Albertville man was sentenced on Monday to just under 10 1/2 years in prison
for his role in a mortgage fraud scheme that cost lenders more than $8 million.
Federal prosecutors said his conduct caused substantially more damage than the
figure indicates.

John Anthony Spencer, a 31-year-old former mortgage broker at the defunct
Minnesota One Mortgage of Maplewood, was convicted after a three-week trial in
June of conspiracy to commit mortgage fraud, wire fraud, bank fraud and money
laundering.

"Spencer inflicted many millions of dollars in damage to commercial lenders,
financial institutions, the secondary purchasers of the bad mortgage paper his
activities generated (such as Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac) and to the economy of
the United States generally," Assistant U.S. Attorney David MacLaughlin said in
a presentence filing.

The $8,163,380 in losses cited in the report minimizes losses from a "broader
swath of fraudulent conduct" that Spencer engaged in for the past seven years,
MacLaughlin wrote. He cited millions of dollars in losses to U.S. Federal Credit
Union and Anoka Hennepin Credit Union that were not included in the presentence
report calculations.

It also excludes the damage to the credit scores of unwitting people he
recruited to buy properties at inflated prices.

Minnesota One was owned by Chad Wegscheider, who recently pleaded guilty in an
apparently separate scheme that defrauded lenders of about $5 million on
properties in Minnesota and Wisconsin. That case is related to pending charges
against James and Teresa Hoffman of Hastings, who are scheduled to make their
first court appearance on Tuesday.

The evidence in the Spencer trial showed that he had brokered fraudulent loans
for people who were recruited to buy real estate in Minneapolis, St. Paul and
Albertville at inflated prices. The excess was split among Spencer, the buyers
he recruited and some accomplices.

Appraiser Bryan Joseph Lenton, 32, of Oakdale and broker Patrick Arthur Dols,
38, of Minneapolis pleaded guilty in March to their roles in providing bogus
appraisals and arranging financing based on bogus mortgage applications. They
face up to five years in prison and await sentencing.

Dan Browning - 612-673-4493

LOAD-DATE: November 1, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2011 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved

                             281 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 27, 2014 Friday

Tennessee: Nine Individuals Indicted For Conspiracy To Commit Mail Fraud, Wire
Fraud, And Money Laundering

LENGTH: 453  words

DATELINE: Nashville


United States Attorney's Office for the Eastern District of Tennessee has issued
the following press release:

On June 10, 2014, a federal grand jury in Greeneville returned a 49-count
indictment against Brian C. Rose, a.k.a. John Hankins, 34, of Johnson City,
Tenn.; Robert S. McGregor, a.k.a. Jim Robinson III, 36, of Bowling Green, Ky.;
Dallas P. McRae, 44, of Orlando, Fla.; Hugh F. Sackett, 83, of Anderson, S.C.;
James M. Robinson, 55, of Perkin, Ind.; Brent Loveall, 30, of Johnson City,
Tenn.; Jason Smith, 39, of Bowling Green, Ky.; Ray C. Spears, a.k.a. Brock
Hamilton, 44, of Johnson City, Tenn.; and Jennifer L. Key, 36, of Louisville,
Ky., for a conspiracy to commit mail fraud and wire fraud and money laundering.
In addition Rose, McGregor, McRae, Sackett, Robinson, Loveall, Spears, and Key
were all charged with substantive mail and/or wire fraud charges.

Five of these individuals appeared in court for initial appearance and
arraignment during June 16-19, 2014, before U.S. Magistrate Judge Dennis H.
Inman and pleaded not guilty to the charges in the indictment. Three of these
individuals will appear in Court on June 30, 2014, for initial appearance and
arraignment before Magistrate Judge Inman.

Brian C. Rose appeared in court on June 23, 2014, for a detention hearing before
U.S. Magistrate Judge C. Clifford Shirley. Rose was detained pending trial.

The details of the charges are outlined in the indictment, which is filed as
public record in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Tennessee
at Greeneville. The investigation showed that Rose established an office for New
Century Coal in Johnson City, Tenn., and staffed the office with McGregor,
McCrae, Sackett, Robinson, Loveall, Smith, Spears, and Key who all targeted
potential investor victims, using false and fraudulent representations to
solicit sales of shares in New Century Coal and received funds exceeding $15
million from more than 160 investors who reside in multiple locations in the
United States.

If convicted, all face a maximum term of 20 years in prison and a maximum fine
of $250,000.00, a term of supervised release of at least three years. All also
face mandatory court assessments and restitution as ordered by the court.

This indictment is the result of investigation by the United States Secret
Service, Internal Revenue Service Criminal Investigations Division, and Federal
Bureau of Investigation. Assistant U.S. Attorney Helen C.T. Smith will represent
the United States.

Members of the public are reminded that these are only charges and that every
person is presumed innocent until their guilt has been proven beyond a
reasonable doubt.

For more information please visit: http://www.justice.gov/usao/tne

LOAD-DATE: June 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             282 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Patriot Ledger (Quincy, MA)

                              June 17, 2011 Friday
                                  ROP Edition

BUSINESS IN BRIEF

BYLINE:

Patriot Ledger staff

SECTION: Business; pg. 14

LENGTH: 500 words


Norwood woman accused of fraud

A 39-year-old Norwood woman was accused of participating in a multi-million
dollar mortgage fraud scheme in Boston federal court. Elizabeth Reed was charged
in an information - a method that usually indicates a plea deal is in the works
- with 40 counts of wire fraud and 15 counts of money laundering. Federal
prosecutors accuse Reed, as owner of Mass Lending LLC, of buying a 24-unit
building in Dorchester for conversion to condos. Prosecutors said Reed, in 2005
and in 2006, and others recruited straw buyers to purchase the condos as
"investments," promising them they wouldn't need to make a down payment or pay
closing costs and that they would share in the profits when the units were
resold. However, Reed and others prompted mortgage documents to be filed that
indicated the borrowers had made large down payments and had paid significant
closing costs. Prosecutors said lenders were defrauded of about $4.9 million in
proceeds.

Health consultants move to Burlington

InVentiv Health has relocated its corporate headquarters from Somerset, N.J., to
Burlington. The company, which offers consulting services for the healthcare
industry, recently leased 58,000 square feet in a building owned by Mass Mutual
at One Van de Graaff Drive. NAI Hunneman represented InVentiv Health in the
lease negotiations. The six-story building is directly adjacent to Route 128.

Harbor Freight tools opens in Braintree

Harbor Freight Tools has opened its sixth store in Massachusetts at 727 Granite
St. in Braintree. The discount tool retailer employs about 10 people at the site
and is still looking to fill another five jobs at the store. The chain is giving
more than $1,500 worth of supplies to YouthBuild Quincy to help celebrate its
newest store. Calabasas, Calif.-based Harbor Freight Tools operates about 350
stores in 45 states.

Regan Communications expands in Florida

Regan Communications Group has expanded its presence in Florida by acquiring
Barry R. Epstein Associates of Boca Raton, Fla. Agency founder Barry Epstein
will join Regan Communications, which has six other offices including its Boston
headquarters.

Webster Back closing six branch offices

Webster Bank is closing six of its New England branches, including one in
Mansfield. The Waterbury, Conn.-based bank will close the six stores, out of a
chain of 176 branches, on Oct. 7. The other five branches are in Connecticut.
The branches were picked based on their proximity to other Webster branches and
the fact that 90 percent of the affected branch customers already use other
Webster branches.

Massdevelopment issues $8.9M bond for 'The Big E'

The Eastern States Exposition - aka "The Big E" - is benefiting from an $8.9
million tax-exempt bond that MassDevelopment issued on behalf of the nonprofit.
The organization will use the proceeds to build a 10,725-square-foot equestrian
warm-up arena as an addition to a barn building and to build a connection
between that barn and the West Springfield fair's Coliseum.

LOAD-DATE: June 17, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2011 The Patriot Ledger

                             283 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Telegraph (Nashua, New Hampshire)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            January 8, 2009 Thursday

Hudson man charged in mortgage fraud case

BYLINE: Andrew Wolfe, The Telegraph, Nashua, N.H.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 443 words


Jan. 8--CONCORD -- A Hudson man and his brother are accused of defrauding two
mortgage brokers by getting loans totaling over $1 million for four homes around
the state that they bought for less than the loans, federal prosecutors charge.

Paul Ryder, 27, of Hudson, and Thomas Ryder, 30, of Hopkinton, were indicted
last month in U.S. District Court, but the case remained sealed until Tuesday,
court records show.

The two men are free on bail while awaiting trial on four counts of wire fraud
and a mail fraud charge. It is scheduled for March 3.

A couple who posed as buyers for the deals also has been charged, court records
show. Frank and Maureen Blake of 62 Compromise Way, Sandown, were indicted last
month on fraud conspiracy charges, and are scheduled to appear in court Tuesday.

Prosecutors charge that the two men bought homes using the Blakes as "straw
buyers," and got loans based on phony, inflated sales prices and false
information on loan applications. The conspirators then divvied up the
difference between the loan and the actual purchase price, prosecutors charge.

Their purchases included 2 Foundry St. and 11 Shawnee Drive in Nashua, for which
they received loans of $299,291 and $268,104 respectively.

The first property, 2 Foundry St., is assessed at $170,300 for property tax
purposes, while 11 Shawnee Drive is valued at $269,800, according to the city's
website.

The Ryders got loans in similar amounts for two other properties in Derry and
Henniker, and attempted to get a loan for a home in Hampton, prosecutors charge.

The Ryder brothers operated M&M Mortgage Consulting in Salem, and they are
accused of defrauding Countrywide Home Loans, and Bear Stearns Residential
Mortgage Corp., First Horizon Home Loan Corp. and New York Mortgage Corp., the
indictment states.

This is the second mortgage-fraud case to hit the federal court this winter.
Last month, Dorie DiMarca, of Andover, Mass., was charged with wire fraud,
accused of providing fraudulent home appraisals to New England Regional Mortgage
in Salem and First Call Mortgage in Bedford.

Prosecutors charge that DiMarca falsely claimed to be a licensed appraiser.

A spokeswoman for the U.S. Attorney's office was unable to say Tuesday whether
the two cases are related.

To see more of The Telegraph, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.nashuatelegraph.com Copyright (c) 2009, The Telegraph, Nashua, N.H.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090108-NH-MRTG-FRAUD-20090108

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NH


                          Copyright 2009 The Telegraph

                             284 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                February 21, 1999, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

U.S. Is Asking for Patients' Help In Fight Against Medicare Fraud

BYLINE: By ROBERT PEAR

SECTION: Section 1; Page 1; Column 3; National Desk

LENGTH: 1371 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Feb 20


The Federal Government will begin enlisting millions of Medicare beneficiaries
in its war against Medicare fraud next week, urging them to report billing
errors, overcharges and other evidence of possible wrongdoing by their doctors
and hospitals.

The campaign has strong support from lobbyists for the elderly, who see it as a
way to educate consumers and save money for Medicare and its beneficiaries.

But the effort has provoked outrage among doctors, who say it will drive a wedge
into the doctor-patient relationship, undermining the trust needed for effective
medical care.

Federal officials will fan out across the country on Wednesday to show Medicare
beneficiaries how to decipher their medical bills and ferret out fraud.

The Secretary of Health and Human Services, Donna E. Shalala, Attorney General
Janet Reno and the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, Louis J.
Freeh, will speak to beneficiaries at 30 sites linked by satellite.

The "fraud fighter rallies" will be held in Washington, New York City, Boston,
Miami, Chicago, Dallas, Los Angeles, Seattle and Honolulu, among other places.

"Senior citizens are our first line of defense in the battle against Medicare
fraud," Dr. Shalala said.

June Gibbs Brown, inspector general of the Department of Health and Human
Services, estimates that improper Medicare payments totaled $12.6 billion last
year. But she said she could not specify how much of this was attributable to
fraud, as opposed to unintentional billing errors. Medicare finances health care
for 39 million people who are elderly or disabled.

The theme of the new campaign is: "Who Pays? You Pay!" The message is that
Medicare beneficiaries and taxpayers pay more when doctors, hospitals and other
health care providers "rip off" the program, in the words of the Federal Health
Care Financing Administration, which runs Medicare.

The Government is offering rewards up to $1,000 for information that leads to
the recovery of Medicare money lost to fraud and abuse. Federal officials said
such abuse included billing Medicare for services that were never provided or
were not medically necessary; billing for services more costly than those
actually performed, and billing twice for the same service or supplies.

In recruiting "fraud busters," the Government tells Medicare patients, "You can
join the fight and help stop Medicare cheats from stealing your tax dollars."

Leaders of the American Medical Association met recently with Medicare officials
to complain that the Government was using inflammatory language that tends to
set patients against doctors.

In a confidential report to A.M.A. trustees, Dr. E. Ratcliffe Anderson Jr.,
executive vice president of the association, said: "We stated that we could not
underscore strongly enough the outrage that physicians feel about these types of
beneficiary outreach programs. We expressed physicians' grave concern that this
type of rhetoric completely undermines the physician-patient relationship."

But Federal officials said patients were often in the best position to spot
fraud and abuse.

Medicare contractors say that they receive 130,000 telephone calls about
potential fraud and abuse each year, and that 72 percent, or 94,000 calls, are
from beneficiaries, many of whom question the propriety of claims filed on their
behalf.

The American Association of Retired Persons, a co-sponsor of the new campaign,
says, "Medicare beneficiaries must become the eyes and ears of law enforcement."
The group is urging its members to join a "neighborhood fraud watch," which will
scrutinize Medicare statements for questionable charges.

In brochures to be disseminated at the kickoff events next week, the A.A.R.P.
says: "Most health care providers are honest, and the questionable charge may be
the result of a clerical error. That's why many people call their provider
first.

"However, if you're not sure, you don't feel comfortable talking with your
provider or your provider's answer is not satisfactory, don't hesitate to report
a questionable charge to the Medicare fraud line at (800) 447-8477."

The line is operated by the inspector general of the Department of Health and
Human Services. "Just reporting questionable practices will help keep unethical
providers on their toes," the association of retired persons says.

But some doctors are furious. Dr. George J. Petruncio, a family practitioner in
Turnersville, N.J., said: "Senior citizens are being drafted to act as agents of
the Government. This will create an adversarial relationship between the patient
and the physician."

Dr. John M. Rainey, who has been caring for cancer patients in Lafayette, La.,
for more than 20 years, said, "The Government is, in effect, asking patients to
turn in their doctors." Dr. Jerald R. Schenken, a pathologist in Omaha, said,
"Legitimate doctors are very concerned that they will be classified as
fraudulent."

And Dr. Jeffrey S. Freed, a surgeon in Manhattan, said: "This puts patients in
the position of having to police their own physicians. We have a sacred trust to
do no harm, but the Government now tells patients that we may be doing them
financial harm. Patients will be less likely to trust me as their advocate, and
less willing to share delicate medical information."

The American Hospital Association has told its members to prepare for a barrage
of phone calls from Medicare patients. Richard J. Pollack, executive vice
president of the association, conceded that hospital bills were "hideously
complex and often incomprehensible." But he said that patients overestimated the
amount of fraud and mistakenly believed that "if you crack down on fraud, you
can extend the life of the Medicare trust fund forever."

The Government is assigning more auditors and investigators to health care
cases. In the last four years, more than 8,500 health care providers were
excluded from Medicare after they were found to have engaged in fraud or
professional misconduct. Criminal convictions for health care fraud reached 326
last year, up from 140 in 1994.

Beneficiaries say the Government should eliminate Medicare fraud before cutting
benefits or increasing premiums.

Although the Government pays most Medicare bills, older Americans receive
statements itemizing the services and equipment for which Medicare has been
billed. Federal officials and the A.A.R.P. say that any questionable charge
should be investigated. Specifically, they say, beneficiaries should answer
three questions about each charge: Did you receive the service or product for
which Medicare was billed? Did your doctor order the service or product for you?
To the best of your knowledge, is the item relevant to your diagnosis or
treatment?

An F.B.I. official said that when beneficiaries reported questionable charges,
they might be seeing "only the tip of an iceberg." Several complaints about the
same provider may indicate a pattern of abuse or a fraudulent scheme, he said.

Besides offering monetary rewards, Federal officials note that private citizens
may file lawsuits, on behalf of the Government, against health care providers
who defraud Medicare.

Under the False Claims Act, the Government may impose a civil fine up to $10,000
for each fraudulent claim and may recover three times the amount of any damages
it sustains. The person who filed the original lawsuit may get up to 30 percent
of the money recovered.

But doctors say the Government must be extremely careful. Dr. William F. Gee, a
urologist in Lexington, Ky., said: "Medicare patients may not remember what
services they received. And they may never see the doctors who perform certain
services -- the radiologist who reads an X-ray, the pathologist who examines a
tissue specimen."

Medicare claims are typically reviewed and paid by Blue Cross and Blue Shield
plans or other insurance companies acting as agents for the Government.

The Government recently advised these companies about how to handle complaints
of fraud and abuse, saying that patients should not be told simply to "work it
out" with their doctors.

Instead, the Government said, if a complaint seems to have merit, the contractor
should interview a sample of the doctor's patients.

http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1999 The New York Times Company

                             285 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Toronto Star

                           August 14, 2013 Wednesday

Pair on lam after $140M penny-stock fraud

BYLINE: Madhavi Acharya-Tom Yew and Eric Andrew-Gee Toronto Star

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 937 words


Two Canadians on the run from law enforcement are allegedly at the centre of
what U.S. officials are calling one of the largest international penny stock
frauds in history.

The complex scheme, which involved pumping up the prices of worthless penny
stocks and then unloading them on unsuspecting victims in as many as 35
countries, allegedly raked in more than $140 million (U.S.), the Federal Bureau
of Investigation said Tuesday.

The U.S. Justice Department said seven suspects were arrested Tuesday in New
York, Arizona, New Jersey, Florida, California and Ontario.

However, Canadians Gregory Curry, 63, and alleged mastermind Sandy Winick, 55,
remain at large.

"By his own admission we know that Sandy Winick is in Bangkok, Thailand," Robert
Nardoza, a public affairs officer for the U.S. Attorney's Office, told the Star.
He declined to comment on Curry's whereabouts.

"We're working with our partners to bring these individuals back to New York to
face charges," Nardoza said.

Four Canadians and five Americans are indicted on 24 charges, including
securities fraud, wire fraud and false personation of Internal Revenue Service
employees, according to a statement from the office of U.S. Attorney Loretta
Lynch in Brooklyn.

Two of the Canadian suspects - Gregory Ellis, 46, and Kolt Curry, 38 - have
already been arrested. Kolt Curry is the son of Gregory Curry.

The American suspects are Gary Kershner, 72, Joseph Manfredonia, 45, Cort
Poyner, 44, Songkram Roy Sahachaisere, 43, and William Seals, 51.

If convicted, the accused could face up to 20 years of imprisonment for each
count of conspiracy to commit wire fraud, wire fraud and securities fraud, as
well as up to five years for conspiracy to commit securities fraud. The false
personation charge could carry a three-year prison sentence.

Lawyers for the accused could not be reached immediately for comment.

The Justice Department said the arrests are the result of an investigation
carried out over several years by the FBI and RCMP.

According to the U.S. Attorney's office statement, the "pump and dump" scheme
involved fraudulently inflating ("pumping up") the share prices and the trading
volumes of certain penny stocks and then "dumping" billions of essentially
worthless shares on investors.

The indictment says the accused also operated a so-called "advance fee" scheme.
They set up bogus call centres from which they would induce investors to pay
fees up front for help in finding buyers for their shares in unattractive penny
stocks. These services turned out to be non-existent.

"Where others saw citizens of the world, the defendants saw a pool of potential
marks," Lynch, the U.S. Attorney, said in a statement.

The indictment alleges both schemes - the "pump and dump" and the "advance fee"
- were orchestrated by Winick, a native of Stoney Creek, Ont., who has lived in
China, Thailand, Vietnam and the United States.

Canadian and U.S. authorities say his aliases include "Robin Cheer," "Abdiel
Vergara," and "Jerry Sarrano."

The indictment says the other Canadians charged in the case were primarily
involved in running the fake services scheme.

Between January 2009 and July 2013, the men allegedly created a series of shell
companies intended to convince unsuspecting investors that the Canadians were
brokers who could sell their "nearly worthless" penny stocks for a profit,
according to the indictment.

Posing as employees of these made-up companies, the men allegedly used call
centres in Vietnam, Thailand and Canada to solicit business from clients as far
afield as Kuwait, Panama and Singapore.

At times, they allegedly impersonated employees of the Internal Revenue Service
- the U.S. tax collection agency - which is a crime under U.S. law.

The Canadians allegedly charged commissions and bogus regulatory fees in return
for helping investors sell their stocks. But once they had been paid, the
conspirators performed no services whatsoever, the indictment says.

In total, Ellis and the Currys stole $20 million from their victims through the
scheme, according to a detention letter filed in a Brooklyn court Tuesday.

In one intercepted phone call, a partial transcript of which the U.S. Attorney
released Tuesday, Kolt Curry can be heard boasting, "I had a guy send me a
million dollars over one phone call. ... He actually sent me almost $2 million
over the period of the hit. ... I guess in the industry they coin it as a smash
and grab."

Kolt Curry, a native of Aurora, Ont., was arrested a hotel in Garden City, N.Y.
He was allegedly on his way to set up a fake call centre in Brooklyn.

In April, 2011, the Ontario Securities Commission issued a cease-trade order
against a group of respondents that included Winick and the two Curries in
connection with companies called BFM Industries and Liquid Gold International
Corp.

"The BFM and Liquid Gold schemes I find to be entirely fraudulent. The
activities involved in the schemes include unregistered trading and illegal
distributions," OSC commissioner James Carnwath wrote in his decision in the
case, dated Aug. 7.

The OSC is slated to deliver its decision on sanctions and costs on Sept. 12.

In 2010, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission won a default judgment
against Winick after he failed to respond to a complaint accusing him of
creating dozens of shell companies under a public company he controlled, First
Canadian American Holding Corp., later known as Blackout Media Corp.

The SEC accused Winick of creating 59 subsidiaries in Blackout with no
legitimate business purpose other than to sell unregistered shares in the
companies and pocket the proceeds.

With files from Star wire services

LOAD-DATE: August 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                 Copyright 2013 Toronto Star Newspapers Limited

                             286 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

              December 15, 1994, Thursday, DAILY: TORONTO EDITION

Don't salute McNall's limo

BYLINE: Jamie Wayne

SECTION: SECTION 3, SPORTS; Pg. 51, Post Game

LENGTH: 480 words


   Guilty - one count, conspiracy.

Guilty - one count, bank fraud.

Guilty - a second count, bank fraud.

Guilty - one count, wire fraud.

That's today's chilling box score on disgraced former NHL chairman of the board,
Bruce McNall.

In sports parlance, the big guy has been hit for the cycle. On deck - a jail
sentence to be named later.

... Ah, so he helped mastermind 10 years of loan scams that defrauded six banks
of more than US$236 million. Think of all the good this lovable lug has done for
hockey, McNall boosters say.

What he's done for hockey?

We've got an ugly lockout now in it's third month, for heaven sakes. And you can
take this to any one of the banks he stiffed - McNall paved the way.

He drove up the cost of doing NHL business in 1988 when he consummated the trade
that brought Wayne Gretzky to L.A. from Edmonton.

McNall paid the Oilers US$15 million as part of the deal - four years after he
obtained his first fraudulent loan, incidentally. Years later, the Philadelphia
Flyers had to throw US$15 million into a deal to pry Eric Lindros away from the
Quebec Nordiques.

And it was the Lindros signing that led to teh escalation of rookie salaries -
from Alexandre Daigle to Eric's brother Brett. 'Round here they call that the
domino effect.

Meanwhile, McNall renegotiated Gretzky's salary, which led to the restructuring
of Mario Lemieux's contract, which led to the restructuring of Gretzky's, and
Mark Messier's and Steve Yzerman's, etc.

And now as NHL owners cry that they don't have the money to pay McNall-inspired
salaries - they find out that McNall might never have either.

Oy gevalt.

Another silly McNall myth? That he opened the door for the NHL in San Jose.

Folks, the NHL expanded to San Jose to appease Sharks' owners George and Gordon
Gund, who had threatened to move their former team, the Minnesota North Stars,
to San Jose - sans league approval.

Nor should McNall be canonized for bringing the Mighty Ducks into the league,
either.

Ask yourself, if you were plotting a course for the future of hockey, would you
put two teams in L.A. before placing a second team in Southern Ontario.

Fat chance. Anaheim is in because McNall needed cash to pay down his loans, some
of which were obtained fraudulently. And he pocketed a cool US$25 million -half
of Anaheim's US$50 million expansion fee - as territorial indemnification.

If, along the way, hockey benefited from all his chicanery, it was purely
accidental. McNall's modus operandi was to help himself - and he didn't stop
helping himself until the FBI and IRS got wise.

He's a con man, a self-promoting phony, a modern-day emperor - who shamelessly
resorted to breaking the law when he discovered he couldn't afford his new
clothes.

Here's hoping they don't induct his stretch limo into the Hockey Hall of Fame.


LOAD-DATE: November 4, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: COLUMN

                       Copyright 1994 Financial Post Ltd.

                             287 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               November 30, 1994, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

Cellular Fraud in New York

SECTION: Section D;   Page 6;   Column 4;   Financial Desk

LENGTH: 190 words


Cellular telephone fraud in New York City has become so rampant that a cellular
service in Washington will temporarily block its customers from using their
wireless phones when they travel in New York.

Cellular One of Washington-Baltimore, owned by SBC Communications Inc., has sent
its customers letters notifying them that it would block the service beginning
on Thursday because it had compiled a huge backlog of phone numbers used in New
York that appeared to be fraudulent.

Company officials said they would resume service once they finished
investigating each case, which they said would take three weeks.

Cellular telephone fraud occurs when people use false identification numbers on
their wireless telephones and make calls. The Cellular Telecommunications
Industry Association said fraud costs had soared to about $1 billion a year.

Cellular thieves typically use radio scanners to capture the identification
numbers of legitimate cellular phones, which transmit the numbers each time they
are used. These numbers are then written onto a computer chip inside an inactive
phone, effectively "cloning" the original.

LOAD-DATE: November 30, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1994 The New York Times Company

                             288 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 27, 2015 Friday

Arizona: Former Florida Realtor Indicted on Conspiracy and Bank Fraud Charges

LENGTH: 450  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Justice has issued the following news releae:

TAMPA, FL--United States Attorney A. Lee Bentley, III announces the unsealing of
an indictment charging Joseph Pasquale (38, Worcester, MA) with one count of
mortgage fraud conspiracy involving bank fraud and two counts of bank fraud. He
faces a maximum penalty of 30 years' imprisonment for each count. The indictment
also notifies Pasquale that the United States is seeking a money judgment for
the proceeds of the mortgage fraud conspiracy.

According to the indictment and court proceedings, in 2005, entities controlled
by co-conspirators entered into a contract to purchase The Arbors, an apartment
complex in Hillsborough County. The new owners of The Arbors then engaged in a
plan to convert the complex from rental apartments to condominium units.

Pasquale's co-conspirator, Brenden Bolger, aided the developers in the sale of
numerous condominium units at The Arbors through his company, Capital Management
Guarantee, LLC. In order to induce buyers to purchase units, Bolger created an
addendum to the purchase contract that offered buyers various incentives, such
as rental supplements, money to defray maintenance costs, and a design credit to
upgrade the unit's amenities. When the buyers cancelled the design credit within
10 days of signing the addendum, Bolger paid a kickback for the amount of the
design credit to the buyer from Capital Management's bank account. In this
manner, Bolger, Pasquale, and other co-conspirators failed to disclose to
buyers' mortgage lenders material facts about the financing of the sale of The
Arbors condominium units.

Pasquale's alleged role in the conspiracy consisted of marketing The Arbors
units. He did so by promising buyers closing cash and undisclosed incentives,
providing closing cash to borrowers who purchased units, facilitating the
payment of kickbacks to his clients via Capital Management Guarantee, and
facilitating the submission of false loan applications to FDIC insured financial
institutions.

Bolger previously pleaded guilty for his role in this scheme. He is scheduled to
be sentenced on June 22, 2015.

An indictment is merely a formal charge that a defendant has committed a
violation of one or more federal criminal laws, and every defendant is presumed
innocent unless, and until, proven guilty.

This case was investigated by the Federal Bureau of Investigation and the
Federal Housing Finance Agency, Office of Inspector General. It is being
prosecuted by Special Assistant United States Attorney Chris Poor and Assistant
United States Attorney Jay Hoffer.


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             289 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 27, 2015 Friday

Arizona: Former Florida Realtor Indicted on Conspiracy and Bank Fraud Charges

LENGTH: 450  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Justice has issued the following news releae:

TAMPA, FL--United States Attorney A. Lee Bentley, III announces the unsealing of
an indictment charging Joseph Pasquale (38, Worcester, MA) with one count of
mortgage fraud conspiracy involving bank fraud and two counts of bank fraud. He
faces a maximum penalty of 30 years' imprisonment for each count. The indictment
also notifies Pasquale that the United States is seeking a money judgment for
the proceeds of the mortgage fraud conspiracy.

According to the indictment and court proceedings, in 2005, entities controlled
by co-conspirators entered into a contract to purchase The Arbors, an apartment
complex in Hillsborough County. The new owners of The Arbors then engaged in a
plan to convert the complex from rental apartments to condominium units.

Pasquale's co-conspirator, Brenden Bolger, aided the developers in the sale of
numerous condominium units at The Arbors through his company, Capital Management
Guarantee, LLC. In order to induce buyers to purchase units, Bolger created an
addendum to the purchase contract that offered buyers various incentives, such
as rental supplements, money to defray maintenance costs, and a design credit to
upgrade the unit's amenities. When the buyers cancelled the design credit within
10 days of signing the addendum, Bolger paid a kickback for the amount of the
design credit to the buyer from Capital Management's bank account. In this
manner, Bolger, Pasquale, and other co-conspirators failed to disclose to
buyers' mortgage lenders material facts about the financing of the sale of The
Arbors condominium units.

Pasquale's alleged role in the conspiracy consisted of marketing The Arbors
units. He did so by promising buyers closing cash and undisclosed incentives,
providing closing cash to borrowers who purchased units, facilitating the
payment of kickbacks to his clients via Capital Management Guarantee, and
facilitating the submission of false loan applications to FDIC insured financial
institutions.

Bolger previously pleaded guilty for his role in this scheme. He is scheduled to
be sentenced on June 22, 2015.

An indictment is merely a formal charge that a defendant has committed a
violation of one or more federal criminal laws, and every defendant is presumed
innocent unless, and until, proven guilty.

This case was investigated by the Federal Bureau of Investigation and the
Federal Housing Finance Agency, Office of Inspector General. It is being
prosecuted by Special Assistant United States Attorney Chris Poor and Assistant
United States Attorney Jay Hoffer.


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             290 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                May 11, 1999, Tuesday, 0 South Pinellas Edition

BRIEFLY

SOURCE: Compiled from Staff and Wire Reports; Bloomberg News

SECTION: BUSINESS; BRIEFLY; Earnings; Pg. 6E

LENGTH: 718 words



INTERNET FRAUD CENTER PLANNED: The FBI and anti-fraud groups said Monday they
are taking steps to track complaints of Internet fraud, train investigators in
Web sleuthing and study criminal trends. The Internet Fraud Complaint Center and
the Internet Fraud Council will be modeled after the Atlanta-based Centers for
Disease Control and Prevention, which collects health data and tracks health
trends. The center is scheduled to open in late summer in a yet-to-be-selected
location in West Virginia.

BANK DEAL REACHED: HSBC Holdings Plc, Europe's biggest bank by market value,
agreed to buy Edmond Safra's Republic New York Corp. and an affiliate for $
10.3-billion in cash, giving it 30,000 rich clients around the world and the
third-largest branch network in the New York City area. London-based HSBC will
pay $ 72 a share each for Republic and Safra Republic Holdings SA, doubling the
size of its private bank and adding 83 retail branches in New York. Safra
Republic operates 44 offices in places where the rich congregate, such as Monte
Carlo and Geneva. Republic has $ 50.4-billion of assets.

GATES GIVES SCHOOL $ 50-MILLION: Bill Gates, the chairman of Microsoft Corp.,
has given $ 50-million to Columbia University's Joseph L. Mailman School of
Public Health for a program to prevent mothers in developing nations from dying
during childbirth. The gift is the largest foundation grant for a single program
in Columbia's history, said Dr. Allan Rosenfield, the dean of the School of
Public Health.

NATIONSBANK ATMS GO OUT: NationsBank customers stopping to get cash for the
weekend couldn't get money out of the bank's ATMs in Florida and six other
eastern states and Washington, D.C., on Friday because of a computer problem.
The company's telephone banking system also failed when computers went down
about 1:30 p.m. Branches kept operating, said spokeswoman Julie Davis. In
Florida, 1,600 automated teller machines were inoperable on Friday afternoon,
the company said. NationsBank customers could get cash if they used their cards
at the ATMs of other banks, Davis said.

U S WEST TO OFFER INTERNET PHONES: U S West Inc., a local telephone company in
14 western states, in July will start offering phones that let customers browse
the Internet and send e-mail. France's Alcatel SA makes the $ 300 Internet
phones, which plug into normal jacks, U S West said.

VENCOR MISSES PAYMENT: Ventas Inc. said it didn't receive the $ 19-million rent
payment due for May from its sole tenant, Vencor Inc., a struggling nursing-home
company that is restructuring its operations. Ventas, a Louisville, Ky., real
estate investment trust, said it agreed to extend until June 6 a standstill
agreement that prevents it from taking legal action to recover the rent, giving
Vencor more time to work out its financial problems. Vencor has seven long-term,
acute care hospitals in Florida, with two in Tampa and one in St. Petersburg.

TREASURY RATES MIXED: Interest rates on short-term Treasury securities were
mixed in Monday's auction. The Treasury Department sold $ 7.5-billion in
three-month bills at a discount rate of 4.480 percent, unchanged from last week.
An additional $ 7.5-billion was sold in six-month bills at a rate of 4.51
percent, up from 4.495 percent. The new discount rates understate the actual
return to investors - 4.605 percent for three-month bills and 4.694 percent for
six-month bills. In a separate report, the Federal Reserve said the average
yield for one-year Treasury bills rose to 4.78 percent last week from 4.73
percent the previous week.

Earnings

Global Imaging Systems Inc.

The Tampa office-equipment company said fiscal fourth-quarter earnings increased
sharply because of acquisitions and strong sales of equipment and supplies. The
company has set a goal of buying companies that will add up to $ 150-million in
revenues during the new fiscal year, which started April 1.

        4th Qtr     Year Ago

Revenue     $ 87.3-mil   $ 54.3-mil

Net Income  $ 4.3-mil    $ 571,000

Per Share   23 cents    6 cents

        Year        Year Ago

Revenue     $ 288.2-mil  $ 164.4-mil

Net Income  $ 10.4-mil   $ 2-mil

Per Share   62 cents    21 cents

- Compiled from Times staff, wire and Bloomberg News reports.


LOAD-DATE: May 11, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: DIGEST

                    Copyright 1999 Times Publishing Company

                             291 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                           September 22, 1991, Sunday

NFL players claim insurer cheated them; Kline faces FBI probe, charges in
California

BYLINE: By Mike Fish Staff writerfootball; insurance; investigations; fraud

SECTION: SPORTS; SECTION G; PAGE 03

LENGTH: 474 words


It began to fall apart for Tom Kline early last summer. The FBI was on his case.
Upwards of 25 NFL players were crying foul, alleging the Los Angeles insurance
broker orchestrated a scam in which they were misled on the amount of coverage
they had against career-ending injuries.

A year later, Kline remains the subject of an FBI investigation into possible
bank fraud, mail fraud and wire fraud. His business is shut down. He's been
charged with a string of felony offenses in Southern California - among them
attempted grand auto theft and writing checks with insufficient funds.

Also, lawsuits filed in Los Angeles reveal Kline had a secret agreement with
former Georgia star Tim Worley to help bankroll a sports agency. Kline allegedly
failed to repay a $ 100,000 loan.

Kline, who is awaiting trial on at least three unrelated felony charges in
California, could not be reached for comment.

"We're still investigating the insurance scam , but we've not been addressing it
100 percent because of other priorities," said an FBI source in Chicago.
"Obviously, Kline was arrested in California on multiple charges. We're still
waiting to determine what the deposition is going to be on those things. If the
guy is found guilty on that stuff and gets major time, then it might affect what
we do."

FBI sources estimated Kline could have profited by as much as $ 2.5 million to $
3 million had the alleged overbillings gone undetected.

Kline, 44, a three-time NCAA wrestling champion at Cal Poly-San Luis Obispo,
allegedly billed the players - most of them clients of Los Angeles-based agent
Harold "Doc" Daniels - for premiums on $ 1 million disability insurance. In
fact, most of the players, including 1990 Falcons top pick Steve Broussard and
No. 2 choice Darion Conner, were covered for just $ 100,000.

Broussard was alerted he didn't have $ 1 million coverage by his wife, Monique,
who worked in Kline's Wilshire Boulevard office.

"She really found out what was going on after we had just started dating,"
Broussard said. "Kline tried to keep her away from all the players stuff and the
paper work. So he had her just handling the phone. She had kept files in her
cabinet. When she came to work one day, the files were gone. He had taken them."

Broussard said he and his wife were interviewed by the FBI about six months ago
in Atlanta. FBI sources also confirmed they had interviewed Conner and Daniels,
who denied knowledge of irregularities with Kline's insurance business.

An attorney familiar with the case added: "I'm sure Daniels had no motive to
participate in a scam where players buy policies that don't exist. Daniels's
lifeblood is being in the sports business. When this gets found out, he's done.
He wound up with a backer who was corrupt beyond the violation of NCAA rules."

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1991 The Atlanta Constitution

                             292 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Greeley Tribune (Colorado)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            March 10, 2011 Thursday

Weld ranks second in consumer fraud, eighth in identity theft complaints

BYLINE: Chris Casey, Greeley Tribune, Colo.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 615 words


March 10--Weld County again ranks near the top nationally for consumer fraud and
identity theft complaints. Rankings were released Wednesday by the Better
Business Bureau of northern Colorado and Wyoming.

The Greeley/Weld statistical area ranks second in consumer fraud complaints and
eighth in identity theft for 2010.

For the year, Greeley/Weld had 1,742 reported frauds, or 715 complaints per
100,000 people. It had 341 identity theft complaints, or 140 per 100,000 people.
The consumer fraud cases show a 9 percent increase from the 1,601 complaints in
the previous year, while identity theft reports are down 17 percent from the
previous total of 413.

By comparison, Fort Collins/Loveland placed 10th in consumer complaints and
104th in ID theft issues.

Report information is gathered by the Federal Trade Commission, the BBB, law
enforcement agencies and private entities and is stored in the Consumer Sentinel
Network.

Pam King, president and CEO of the BBB of northern Colorado and Wyoming, said
the BBB has been active statewide in educating people about fraud.

"We hope that somehow that is informing consumers about how to handle anything
they feel is a fraudulent business transaction they've been involved in," she
said.

Weld District Attorney Ken Buck also said local education efforts are paying
off.

"We have spent a lot of time trying to prevent frauds and educating folks in
Weld County about how to deal with it," he said. He noted that a monthly fraud
alert is sent to Weld senior citizens, and a monthly column about the subject
runs in the 50 Plus Marketplace newspaper. Also, the district attorney's office
has conducted hundreds of hours of ID theft and fraud education sessions in the
past six years.

"We do a lot of things that are intended to prevent this kind of crime, and I
think it has resulted in people reporting this activity more quickly," Buck
said.

Buck said most identity theft complaints come from people who've been contacted
by the Internal Revenue Service saying someone is using their ID to apply for a
job.

Colorado, meanwhile, had the highest per-capita rate -- 417.8 per 100,000
residents -- of reported fraud and other types of complaints in the nation.
Maryland and Nevada were second and third, respectively.

Greeley/Weld has perennially ranked high in the ratings -- in 2006, it was No. 1
for fraud complaints and No. 4 for identity theft -- but fell out of the top 10
in 2008, when it was 11th in identity theft cases.

Other Colorado cities on the list include Boulder, fourth in fraud and 48th in
ID theft complaints; Colorado Springs, 13th in fraud and 174th in ID theft; and
Denver-Aurora, 34th in fraud and 82nd in ID theft complaints.

The top 10 categories of consumer complaints in Colorado include: third-party
and creditor debt collection; impostor scams; Internet services; shop-at-home
and catalog sales; Internet auction; foreign money offers and counterfeit check
scams; prizes, sweepstakes and lotteries; telephone and mobile services;
television and electronic media; and credit cards.

In 2010, consumers reported paying more than $1.7 billion in fraud complaints,
and the median amount paid was $594. Eighty-six percent of the consumers who
reported a fraud-related complaint also reported an amount paid. Of those, 45
percent said they had initial contact by e-mail and 11 percent through a
website.

To see more of the Greeley Tribune, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.greeleytribune.com. Copyright (c) 2011, Greeley Tribune, Colo.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110310-GY-Weld-ranks-second-in-consumer-fraud
-eighth-in-identity-theft-complaints-0310-20110310

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GY


                         Copyright 2011 Greeley Tribune

                             293 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 Ottawa Citizen

                     April 28, 2004 Wednesday Final Edition

Canadian software executive arrested in Firepond fraud

SOURCE: The Associated Press

SECTION: Business; Pg. D5

LENGTH: 298 words

DATELINE: BOSTON

BOSTON - A former software company executive has been charged with fraud after
the Canadian man allegedly faked millions in sales, allowing him to pocket big
commissions and causing the company to misstate its financial results, federal
officials said yesterday.

James Reid, 56, of Waterloo, Ont., was arrested yesterday as he attempted to
enter the United States in Niagara Falls, New York, the U.S. attorney's office
in Boston said.

Firepond, formerly of Waltham, Massachusetts, and now in Minneapolis, develops
and licenses sales software for manufacturers of complex machinery, such as
airplanes, cars and large construction equipment.

Mr. Reid was a sales executive for Firepond beginning in March 2001, then acting
vice-president for North American sales, according to the indictment unsealed
yesterday.

Prosecutors said he faked more than $4.8 million U.S. in three contracts and
received $156,000 U.S. in commissions on the bogus sales before his scheme was
uncovered, prosecutors said.

Mr. Reid is charged with one count of mail fraud and nine counts of wire fraud.
He made an initial appearance in federal court in Buffalo and was to be
arraigned later in U.S. District Court, Boston.

The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission also announced it had filed a civil
fraud action against Mr. Reid for causing Firepond to misstate its financial
results for two quarters in 2002.

"Mr. Reid deserves whatever he gets," said Doug Croxall, who bought Firepond in
December. "He damaged a fine company and a great group of employees. We're
pleased Mr. Reid has been apprehended and charged. The company is not a party to
this matter."

Firepond, founded in 1983, has about 55 employees, Mr. Croxall said. He said the
SEC had cleared the company of any wrongdoing.

LOAD-DATE: April 28, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Business

               Copyright 2004 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             294 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                December 5, 2000, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

Beth Israel to Pay $1.2 Million for False Medicare Claims

BYLINE: By JENNIFER STEINHAUER

SECTION: Section B; Page 7; Column 3; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 485 words


Beth Israel Medical Center has agreed to pay $1.2 million to the federal
government to settle civil charges that the hospital improperly billed the
Medicare program during the early 1990's.

The settlement, announced by the United States attorney for the Southern
District of New York, stemmed from what its lawyers said were false claims filed
by the hospital for inpatient pharmacy costs. Influenza vaccines and drugs used
to treat organ transplant patients were among the medications billed to the
Medicare program between 1990 and 1995, even though Medicare rules state that
such pharmacy items are not covered, the complaint said.

The settlement with Beth Israel is by no means the largest one involving
Medicare fraud in New York City. But it is the largest of its kind involving
improper billing of what is known as "inpatient ancillary pharmacy items." In
recent years, the Southern District has recovered $2.5 million in this type of
case, including Beth Israel and five other centers.

"These settlements demonstrate the federal government's strong resolve to
protect Medicare monies and to ensure that they are expended only for legitimate
charges," said Mary Jo White, the United States attorney for the Southern
District, in a prepared statement.

Under the settlement, Beth Israel is also required to form a compliance
committee and perform annual reviews of its billing policies.

The fraud accusation is the latest in a series of difficulties the hospital has
faced in recent years, including severe problems with its obstetrics and
gynecology department that resulted in a patient's death.

In a statement, Beth Israel acknowledged that "bills that should have been
submitted appropriately to Medicaid were instead billed to Medicare."

In the last few years, the federal government has become aggressive in pursuing
health care fraud. From 1997 to 2000, recovery in civil fraud cases grew by more
than 50 percent, largely driven by health care fraud cases. In the last fiscal
year, which ended June 30, the federal government won $1.5 billion as a result
of fraud cases, and $840 million of that was from health care fraud, the
Department of Justice said.

"This case is part of an overall theme," said Keith M. Korenchuk, a health care
lawyer for Davis Wright Tremaine, a law firm in Charlotte, N.C. "The whole
reimbursement area has been very active and will continue to be very active over
the next year or so."

Mr. Korenchuk, who said he had no specific knowledge of the Beth Israel case,
added that while many health care centers sought to gain government money
through fraud, improper-billing charges were also often simply errors made by
hospital billing departments. "The federal government has an almost
incomprehensible reimbursement system," he said. "And there is the real
likelihood of some inadvertent errors made while trying to make a complex system
work."

http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 2000 The New York Times Company

                             295 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Tampa Bay Times

                           February 1, 2012 Wednesday
                                2 Tampa Edition

TAMPA PART OF TAX FRAUD SWEEP

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 506 words



HIGHLIGHT: The Internal Revenue Service hopes to send a message with a
nationwide crackdown.


Internal Revenue Service officials visited 150 money services businesses in nine
cities they consider a high risk for tax fraud - including Tampa - in the last
week to make sure they weren't knowingly taking part in identity theft and
refund fraud rings.

The visits were a component of a recent federal government sweep that ensnared
105 people in 23 states in a crackdown on identity theft and tax fraud timed to
warn cheats to beware this tax season, the IRS said Tuesday.

The sweep ranged from Florida to Alaska, and included 80 complaints and
indictments and 58 arrests. It has already produced a handful of guilty pleas
and sentences, officials said.

Besides the IRS, the Justice Department, the Postal Service and local U.S.
attorney's offices were involved in investigations that lasted months and, in
some cases, years.

Officials unsealed an indictment Jan. 24 that included Henry Edward Clayton, 31,
of Tampa. He was indicted with eight others in Tallahassee, accused of
conspiring to file fraudulent tax returns from 2008 to 2011 and collecting $2.4
million in the process.

On Jan. 25, the Justice Department also charged Fahim Suleiman, 46, of Lutz with
being part of a group of six who conspired to commit mail fraud and defraud the
government. Suleiman was also charged with two counts of aggravated identity
theft.

IRS officials say the use of stolen identities to fraudulently file for tax
refunds, generally involving stolen Social Security numbers, is a growing
problem. Last year, the agency says, it found 260,000 income tax returns with
confirmed attempts at identity fraud and blocked the payment of $1.4 billion
worth of refunds.

"The timing is not coincidental," Steven Miller, the IRS's deputy commissioner
for services and enforcement told reporters. "It's the start of tax season, this
is a large issue and we want to send a message out there."

The cases, some of which were announced previously by local officials, included:

- Three women from Dayton, Ohio, accused of getting tax refunds by using
identities stolen from mentally disabled adults;

- A Montgomery, Ala., woman accused of using her job as a security guard to
steal identities of people served by a state agency to file false returns;

- A Colorado Springs man charged with stealing identities of the clients of a
company that had gone out of business to fraudulently file for tax refunds.

The sweep of 150 money services businesses was conducted in nine cities the IRS
considers a high risk for fraud. Besides Tampa, they are Atlanta; Birmingham,
Ala.; Chicago; Los Angeles; Miami; New York; Phoenix; and Washington, D.C. In
addition, the agency is auditing more than 250 check-cashing operations around
the country.

Last year, local and federal officials announced in Tampa that a yearlong
investigation into tax scams called "Operation Rainmaker" was able to intercept
$100 million and recover $5 million in cash, jewelry, cars, entertainment
systems and fraudulent refunds. Another $25 million was believed to have been
illegally obtained but was not recovered.

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2012 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved

                             296 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 15, 2016 Monday

Former Canton resident sentenced to 13 years in prison for tax fraud

LENGTH: 671  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office for the United States Attorneys, Northern District of Ohio
has issued the following news release:



  Two people were sentenced to prison for their roles operating a $4.8 million
fraud conspiracy involving nearly 1,000 people who resided in Northeast Ohio,
said U.S. Attorney Carole S. Rendon and Kathy Enstrom, IRS-Criminal
Investigation Special Agent in Charge.





 Allen D. Miles, 58, of Little Rock, Arkansas, formerly of Canton, was sentenced
to more than 13 years in prison. He previously was found guilty of multiple
counts, including conspiracy to commit wire fraud and aggravated identity theft.




 Zinara M. Highsmith, 37, of Fayetteville, Georgia, was sentenced to 42 months
in prison. She previously pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy to commit
wire fraud and one count of wire fraud.



 "These defendants' preyed on faith - people's faith in their ministers and
faith in their government," Rendon said. "These defendants betrayed that faith
to get rich and now will be held accountable."



 "Today's sentencings should send a clear message to would-be criminals -- you
will be caught and you will be punished," Enstrom said. "Identity theft is a
contemptible modern-day scourge and we will continue to pursue criminals who
prey on innocent victims."



 Highsmith filed approximately 2,750 false tax returns containing false refund
claims of more than $4.8 million. Approximately 964 false claims were made on
behalf of people living in Northeast Ohio, according to court documents.



 Highsmith formed the Atlanta-based tax-preparation business WE XL LLC in 2010.
From March 2011 through July 2011, Highsmith partnered with Miles in a scheme to
file false tax returns. Miles' role was to recruit and obtain personal
identification information from claimants and to provide that information to
Highsmith, who was responsible for the preparation of the false returns. Miles
did this in large part by inducing other ministers and church leaders in various
states, including Ohio, to solicit members of their congregations to apply for
benefits under the so-called government stimulus program, according to court
documents.



 Some of the claimants were residents of Northeast Ohio who provided their
personal identification information to a pastor in Canton and to a relative of
the Canton pastor. They, in turn, forwarded the information to Miles, according
to court documents.



 As instructed by Miles, the claimants were told they could receive their
"stimulus" payment by direct deposit or on a debit card. Miles told pastors to
request a $50 "donation" from each claimant, according to court documents.



 Miles forwarded the claimants' personal identification information to Highsmith
to use in preparing false tax returns. Highsmith never had any contact with a
claimant or any of the other pastors used by Miles to recruit or enlist
claimants, according to court documents.



 Highsmith instructed associates, including Ve Sayavong, of Jonesboro, Georgia,
how to prepare false income tax returns using Turbo Tax software, which they did
by reporting false occupations and wage income, and by falsely claiming a
variety of tax credits, including the AOC Education Credit, the Making Work Pay
Credit and the Earned Income Credit, according to the court documents.



 All of the returns requested that $125 be deposited into a bank account
controlled by Miles and $275 be deposited into a bank account controlled by
Highsmith, according to the information.



 Based on the false claims, the IRS issued refunds totaling more than $3.9
million, with more than $500,000 from those refunds going to bank accounts
controlled by Highsmith, according to court documents.



 Sayavong was previously sentenced to nearly three years in prison.



 This case is being prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorneys Michael L. Collyer
and Carmen Henderson following an investigation by the Internal Revenue Service.




 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: August 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             297 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Calif. Group Joins Web System To Monitor Fraud, Robberies

                            August 22, 2003, Friday

BY LAURA K. THOMPSON



An online bank-crime database that started in Florida 16 months ago is now
operating coast to coast.

The Florida Bankers Association said Monday that the California Bankers
Association has become the latest state trade group to join its Fraud-Net
system, in which financial institutions and law enforcement officials share
information about fraudulent activities and robberies over a secure Web site.
For example, a bank that has been victimized by a check-kiting scheme might use
the site, www.fraud-net.com, to warn others and even post copies of the
fraudulent checks.

Leland Chan, the California group's general counsel, said that it joined to help
its banks communicate better and to reduce the millions of dollars they lose
annually as a result of fraud. In the past the banks had no formal way of
telling each other about crimes, he said.

"There was a concern over fraud losses, and we thought it was important to find
a platform that is widely used, not just in California," Mr. Chan said.

Alex Sanchez, the Florida group's chief executive officer, said that the latest
addition to Fraud-Net is particularly noteworthy, since California, the most
populous state, has the most bank branches and deposits.

Members of trade groups in Florida, Colorado, Illinois, Kentucky, North
Carolina, Oklahoma, Texas, and Puerto Rico also have access to the Web site.

Mr. Sanchez said that at least one more state group is in the process of joining
-- he would not say which one -- and that many other states have inquired about
the system.

The expansion of Fraud-Net reflects the growing concern among institutions of
all sizes about robberies, which are on the rise this year, and losses from
check fraud, which totaled nearly $680 million last year.

Bankers in many states, including New York, have formed partnerships with law
enforcement officials to better monitor crime at banks. And many trade groups,
including the American Bankers Association, have developed awareness campaigns
and tool kits to help their members combat fraud and robberies.

Fraud-Net, which the Florida Bankers Association developed in April of last
year, is not the only information-sharing network available to banks. This
summer groups from 10 midwestern states joined forces to create their own fraud
prevention Web site, www.fincrime.com. It is similar to the Florida Bankers'
site but based on a system the Iowa Bankers Association has had in place for six
years.

The origins of the Florida site go back about three years, when John Deerin, the
director of security for the $577 million-asset Bank of Tampa, wanted to update
the way banks in the Tampa Bay area exchanged information about fraud. Soon
after he began working on a Web site, the Florida Bankers took over the project
and developed a statewide site with the help of Infinity Software Development
Inc., the Tallahassee company that now runs it.

The Florida group says access to Fraud-Net is free for institutions that belong
to the member trade groups. All other users are charged a nominal fee, according
to the Florida Bankers.

Copyright 2003 Thomson Media Inc. All Rights Reserved.
http://www.thomsonmedia.com http://www.americanbanker.com

SECTION: COMMUNITY BANKING; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 535 words

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2003 American Banker, Inc.

                             298 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             National Mortgage News

                                October 12, 2009

Fraudsters Get On Blacklists

BYLINE: Lew Sichelman

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 16 Vol. 34 No. 4

LENGTH: 431  words


PROVIDENCE, RI-Industry insiders committing fraud are being blacklisted as
quickly as they can be found out, panelists said at the New England Mortgage
Bankers Conference here.

Freddie Mac now has nearly 2,000 names on its exclusionary list, while the
Department of Housing and Urban Development's Office of the Inspector General
suspended or disbarred more than 1,000 people from dealing with the Federal
Housing Administration last year alone, the speakers reported.

"I'd like to say there are just a few bad apples in our industry," said Kathy
Cooke, Freddie Mac's fraud investigation manager. "But there are a lot of bad
apples, and they make the entire industry look bad."

Michael Motulski, assistant regional inspector for audit in HUD's six-state New
England region, said "fraud for housing" constitutes 20% of the cases
investigated by the HUD inspector general, while "fraud for profit" accounts for
80%.

But in every case, an industry professional is involved, he added, either by
assisting a borrower in the latter or being one of the perpetrators in the
former.

Mr. Motulski, who works civil cases in Maine, New Hampshire, Vermont,
Connecticut, Massachusetts and Rhode Island, said that in addition to the
administrative actions take against appraisers, brokers, realty agents, closing
attorneys and other industry insiders, the IG's office made 1,524 arrests in
fiscal 2008, gained 1,180 indictments and earned 969 convictions.

"We go after folks," he said. "Up to and including monetary penalties, we get
people out of our programs."

As far as industry insiders are concerned, fraud has changed from a matter or
opportunity to one of desperation, added Diane DeChellis, the special agent in
charge of the New England region's IG office. "It's not just a lifestyle
anymore," she said. "It's almost a survival thing right now."

Mr. Motulski said his office is seeing a growing number of cases involving Home
Equity Conversion Mortgages, particularly those dealing with forged powers of
attorney.

In her presentation, Ms. Cooke said Freddie Mac investigators never go into the
field alone. "We always go out in pairs," she said. "You never know what you are
going to find."

While all kinds of fraud tend to get the 27-year industry veteran's dander up, a
category known as "affinity group" fraud probably angers her the most, she told
the conference.

"Affinity fraud exploits the trust and friendship that exists in groups of
people who have something in common, whether they are church groups or young
soldiers going off to war," she said. "They believe, they trust and they are
betrayed."

URL: http://www.nationalmortgagenews.com//

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NMN


                        Copyright 2009 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             299 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Day (New London, Connecticut)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 7, 2011 Thursday

BRIEF: Mortgage-fraud trial put on hold until Monday

BYLINE: Lee Howard, The Day, New London, Conn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 233 words


April 07--A mortgage-fraud trial in Hartford's U.S. District Court that was to
enter its third day of jury deliberation today won't resume again until Monday.

A spokesman for the U.S. Attorney's Office said Chief Judge Alvin Thompson had a
scheduling conflict today and Friday. The jury will not deliberate again until
Monday in the trial of five defendants, including painting contractor Rab Nawaz
of Waterford and former Pfizer Inc. scientist Wendy Werner, now living in
Sarasota, Fla.

The mortgage-fraud scheme revolved around alleged mastermind Syed A. "Ali" Babar
of New London, but properties came from throughout Connecticut. Babar was to
have been part of the trial, but ended up pleading guilty before proceedings
began.

Another original defendant, former mortgage broker Nathan Russo, also pleaded
guilty before the trial's start, and former appraiser Thomas Gallagher dropped
out of the proceedings and pleaded guilty during the trial. Two others indicted
as part of the scheme, Mohammad Saleem and Rehan Qamer, apparently fled the
country before they could be arrested.

To see more of The Day, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.theday.com. Copyright (c) 2011, The Day, New London, Conn.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: April 8, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110407-NL-BRF-Mortgage-fraud
-trial-put-on-hold-until-Monday-0407-20110407

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NL


                             Copyright 2011 The Day

                             300 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Hays Daily News (Kansas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           August 20, 2014 Wednesday

EDITORIAL: Abuse of power

BYLINE: The Hays Daily News, Kan.

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 601 words


Aug. 20--The amount of power granted a governor, in any state, is vast. Recent
events in U.S. history seem to indicate that vastness often leads to unchecked
abuses that have toppled Democrats and Republicans alike.

Will Texas Gov. Rick Perry be added to the list? We'll have to wait and see. For
now, all we know is the former presidential candidate has been indicted on
charges of coercion and abuse of power for his role in attempting to oust a
county district attorney.

That Travis County DA Rosemary Lehmberg messed up is without question. She has
pleaded guilty to drunken driving charges and apologized for her outlandish
belligerence toward the sheriff's deputies who arrested her in 2013. Whether her
remorse is genuine is irrelevant. The bottom line is she has no plans to resign
her office.

And that fact infuriated the Texas governor. Perry canceled $7.5 million
destined for the state's Public Integrity Unit, which Lehmberg oversees. And
then vowed to restore the funding if Lehmberg stepped down.

Even though the district attorney's post is an elected one, Perry apparently not
only believes his own elected office has the right to undo voter preferences but
said the indictments against him are an "outrageous assault on the rule of law."

If Perry's wrong, he could face up to 100 years in prison for the felony
charges. And he would join a growing list of governors gone wild.

Four of the last eight governors from the state of Illinois have gone to prison
including Rod Blagojevich, who tried to sell President Barack Obama's old Senate
seat, George Ryan for racketeering, Dan Walker for bank fraud and Otto Kerner
for bribery.

Rhode Island's Edward DiPrete plea bargained down to a mere 18 corruption
charges, then spent a year in prison. Louisiana's Edwin Edwards was convicted of
extortion, mail fraud and money laundering. West Virginia's Arch Moore Jr. was
jailed after charges of extortion, mail fraud, tax fraud and obstruction of
justice were filed. Connecticut's John Rowland served time for conspiring to
"steal honest service."

Those were just the ones who went to prison in recent memory. Governors who were
convicted but didn't don an orange jumpsuit or a black-and-white-striped outfit
include North Carolina's Mike Easley, campaign violations; Alabama's Guy Hunt,
using inaugural funds for himself; South Dakota's Bill Janklow, second-degree
manslaughter; Arizona's J. Fife Symington III, bank fraud; Arkansas' Jim Guy
Tucker, fraud; Oklahoma's David Lee Walters, campaign contribution violations;
Ohio's Bob Taft, ethics violations; and Missouri's Roger Wilson, illegal
political donations.

In the grand scheme of things, New Jersey's Chris Christie appears almost
angelic for being allegedly oblivious to the political paybacks his staff
members were imposing on mayors in the state who didn't support the governor.

And our own Sam Brownback? We found out a few months ago the FBI was
investigating whether former employees of the governor were using their
connections with him for their own personal gain. No indictments have been
announced, and there might never be.

Still, the lesson stands. Elect the wrong power-hungry person to such a powerful
office, and the temptation to abuse that power becomes irresistible.

As the 19th century British historian Lord Acton noted: "Power tends to corrupt.
Absolute power corrupts absolutely."

It strikes us as an old enough lesson today's governors would have learned by
now.

Editorial by Patrick Lowry

___ (c)2014 The Hays Daily News (Hays, Kan.) Visit The Hays Daily News (Hays,
Kan.) at www.hdnews.net Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: August 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140820-EZ-EDITORIAL-Abuse-of-power-0820-20140820

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EZ


                       Copyright 2014 The Hays Daily News

                             301 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 15, 2016 Monday

Washington: Former Canton resident sentenced to 13 years in prison for tax fraud

LENGTH: 678  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Department of Justice has issued the following news release:





    Two people were sentenced to prison for their roles operating a $4.8 million
fraud conspiracy involving nearly 1,000 people who resided in Northeast Ohio,
said U.S. Attorney Carole S. Rendon and Kathy Enstrom, IRS-Criminal
Investigation Special Agent in Charge.



    Allen D. Miles, 58, of Little Rock, Arkansas, formerly of Canton, was
sentenced to more than 13 years in prison. He previously was found guilty of
multiple counts, including conspiracy to commit wire fraud and aggravated
identity theft.

    Zinara M. Highsmith, 37, of Fayetteville, Georgia, was sentenced to 42
months in prison. She previously pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy to
commit wire fraud and one count of wire fraud.

    "These defendants' preyed on faith - people's faith in their ministers and
faith in their government," Rendon said. "These defendants betrayed that faith
to get rich and now will be held accountable."

    "Today's sentencings should send a clear message to would-be criminals --
you will be caught and you will be punished," Enstrom said. "Identity theft is a
contemptible modern-day scourge and we will continue to pursue criminals who
prey on innocent victims."

    Highsmith filed approximately 2,750 false tax returns containing false
refund claims of more than $4.8 million. Approximately 964 false claims were
made on behalf of people living in Northeast Ohio, according to court documents.


    Highsmith formed the Atlanta-based tax-preparation business WE XL LLC in
2010. From March 2011 through July 2011, Highsmith partnered with Miles in a
scheme to file false tax returns. Miles' role was to recruit and obtain personal
identification information from claimants and to provide that information to
Highsmith, who was responsible for the preparation of the false returns. Miles
did this in large part by inducing other ministers and church leaders in various
states, including Ohio, to solicit members of their congregations to apply for
benefits under the so-called government stimulus program, according to court
documents.

    Some of the claimants were residents of Northeast Ohio who provided their
personal identification information to a pastor in Canton and to a relative of
the Canton pastor. They, in turn, forwarded the information to Miles, according
to court documents.

    As instructed by Miles, the claimants were told they could receive their
"stimulus" payment by direct deposit or on a debit card. Miles told pastors to
request a $50 "donation" from each claimant, according to court documents.

    Miles forwarded the claimants' personal identification information to
Highsmith to use in preparing false tax returns. Highsmith never had any contact
with a claimant or any of the other pastors used by Miles to recruit or enlist
claimants, according to court documents.

    Highsmith instructed associates, including Ve Sayavong, of Jonesboro,
Georgia, how to prepare false income tax returns using Turbo Tax software, which
they did by reporting false occupations and wage income, and by falsely claiming
a variety of tax credits, including the AOC Education Credit, the Making Work
Pay Credit and the Earned Income Credit, according to the court documents.

    All of the returns requested that $125 be deposited into a bank account
controlled by Miles and $275 be deposited into a bank account controlled by
Highsmith, according to the information.

    Based on the false claims, the IRS issued refunds totaling more than $3.9
million, with more than $500,000 from those refunds going to bank accounts
controlled by Highsmith, according to court documents.

    Sayavong was previously sentenced to nearly three years in prison.

    This case is being prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorneys Michael L. Collyer
and Carmen Henderson following an investigation by the Internal Revenue Service.









 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             302 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                            April 11, 2013 Thursday
                                 METRO EDITION

Fraud alleged in real estate scheme

BYLINE: DAVID PHELPS; STAFF WRITER, STAR TRIBUNE (Mpls.-St. Paul)

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 1D

LENGTH: 798 words



HIGHLIGHT: Four associated with DSBI were charged with 83 counts; investors
including up to 800 Minnesotans lost at least $169 million.


Douglas Swenson, an Idaho businessman who persuaded hundreds of Minnesotans and
others to invest in failed commercial real estate ventures, was indicted
Wednesday on fraud charges in a case where losses were at least $169 million and
could be considerably more.

The 83-count indictment filed in U.S. District Court in Boise alleges that
Swenson and others doing business as DBSI Inc. misled investors about the health
of their real estate holdings and the financial wherewithal of DBSI, while using
funds from new investors to pay returns promised to older ones.

"DBSI's true financial condition was concealed from investors, financial
advisers, broker dealers, due diligence officers, DBSI wholesalers and other
DBSI employees," the indictment states.

Swenson, the founder and president of DBSI, was charged along with sons David
and Jeremy Swenson and DBSI counsel Mark Ellison with conspiracy to commit
securities fraud, wire fraud, mail fraud and interstate transportation of stolen
property.

Another DBSI executive, Gary Bringhurst, pleaded guilty earlier this week to one
charge of conspiracy to commit securities fraud.

Attorneys for Swenson did not immediately respond to requests for a comment, but
they told the Idaho Statesman that DBSI was a "successful and highly profitable
operation" that got stung in the recession. "There was no fraud," the attorneys
at Calfo Harrigan Leyh & Eakes law firm said in a statement.

Roughly 500 to 800 Minnesotans are among the 8,000 investors nationwide who lost
large sums when the real estate industry collapsed in 2008, and DBSI was forced
to file for bankruptcy.

One of those victims was Ann Dykstra, a retired educator from Golden Valley who
called Wednesday's news "a long time coming." Dykstra lost much of the $500,000
she invested in several DBSI properties.

"But my loss is moderate compared to others who had their life savings
invested," she said.

Brad Williams, a Minneapolis attorney who represented some of the victims, said
it's difficult to calculate the losses in Minnesota and elsewhere. Some lost $1
million, while others invested $25,000, he said.

"It was all over the board," Williams said. "But for the most part, most people
could not afford to lose their investment."

DBSI managed commercial real estate properties throughout the

country and marketed those properties as safe investments with steady returns of
around 7 percent.

Investors, often mom-and-pop types who had recently sold rental property, could
defer capital gains taxes by investing in tenant-in-common (TIC) units in real
estate syndicated by DBSI.

The indictment, however, states that DBSI and its other businesses "were almost
universally unprofitable."

At one point, DBSI, which started doing business in 1979, had more than 240
properties under its umbrella - including the Landmark Towers office building in
downtown St. Paul - and more than 8,000 investors, including up to 800 in
Minnesota.

According to the indictment, DBSI would acquire commercial properties and then
offer them to investors for 20 to 30 percent more than DBSI paid.

Business appeared fine until the real estate market collapsed in 2008. Later
that year, DBSI filed for bankruptcy. At the time, the indictment states, DBSI
was losing $3 million a month.

An examiner working with the U.S. Bankruptcy Court in Delaware concluded in a
2009 report that DBSI was engaged in "an elaborate shell game" and was in need
of new investor funds to cover existing obligations as far back as 2005.

In other words, DBSI had become an alleged Ponzi scheme.

DBSI booked profits from "inflated markups" of properties it sold to investors,
the examiner concluded.

"DBSI Inc.'s guarantees of investments were illusory and were based on the
cultivated false appearance that DBSI had substantial value," the examiner
reported.

Williams and Edward Sheu, attorneys for the Minneapolis law firm Best &
Flanagan, are among the few to get anything but pennies on the dollar for
investors in the now-bankrupt business.

After filing an arbitration claim in 2009, Williams and Sheu obtained a $3.1
million award on behalf of seven clients who invested approximately $3 million
with DBSI in 2008 just months before the company filed for bankruptcy.

"This was one of the most egregious situations I've seen," said Williams.
"Swenson made this case as time-consuming and complicated as possible."

"He was swinging for the fences and trying to hit a home run," Sheu added. "He's
been trying to come up with a ruling that shows his innocence rather than
cutting a deal."

As for Dykstra, she recently received a settlement check from one of the
lawsuits against DBSI. It was for $500.

"If I get more, it will be very, very modest," she said from home Wednesday.
"Most of us long ago decided we had to move on."

David Phelps · 612-673-7269

LOAD-DATE: April 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2013 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved

                             303 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 24, 2015 Tuesday

Arizona: Former Owner of Durable Medical Equipment Company Pleads Guilty in $5
Million Health Care Fraud Scheme

LENGTH: 479  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Justice has issued the following news release:

WASHINGTON--A Miami man pleaded guilty today to health care fraud charges in
connection with a $5 million scheme to defraud Medicare.

Assistant Attorney General Leslie R. Caldwell of the Justice Department's
Criminal Division, U.S. Attorney Wifredo A. Ferrer of the Southern District of
Florida, Special Agent in Charge Derrick Jackson of the U.S. Department of
Health and Human Services Office of Inspector General's (HHS-OIG) Miami Field
Office, Special Agent in Charge Mike Fields of HHS-OIG's Dallas Field Office,
Special Agent in Charge Paul Wysopal of the FBI's Tampa Field Office, and
Special Agent in Charge Perrye K. Turner of the FBI's Houston Field Office made
the announcement.

Angel M. Mirabal, 62, of Miami, Florida, pleaded guilty to one count of
conspiracy to commit wire fraud and health care fraud before U.S. District Judge
Marcia G. Cooke of the Southern District of Florida. A sentencing hearing is
scheduled for May 6, 2015.

In connection with his guilty plea, Mirabal admitted that he was the owner,
president and manager of Quick Solutions Medical Supplies Inc. (Quick
Solutions), a durable medical equipment (DME) supply company located in Houston,
Texas. Mirabel further admitted that from April 2010 through July 2013, he and
his co-conspirators operated Quick Solutions for the purpose of billing the
Medicare program for, among other things, expensive DME that was medically
unnecessary and in many instances not provided to the Medicare beneficiaries.
Indeed, many of the beneficiaries who purportedly received the DME resided
hundreds of miles away in Miami.

From June 2011 through February 2012, Quick Solutions submitted approximately $5
million in fraudulent claims, and Medicare paid approximately $587,900 for these
claims.

This case was investigated by the FBI, HHS-OIG and Texas Attorney General's
Medicaid Fraud Control Unit, and was brought as part of the Medicare Fraud
Strike Force under the supervision of the Criminal Division's Fraud Section and
U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of Florida. This case is being
prosecuted by Trial Attorney Timothy P. Loper of the Criminal Division's Fraud
Section.

Since its inception in March 2007, the Medicare Fraud Strike Force, now
operating in nine cities across the country, has charged nearly 2,100 defendants
who have collectively billed the Medicare program for more than $6.5 billion. In
addition, the HHS Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services, working in
conjunction with the HHS-OIG, are taking steps to increase accountability and
decrease the presence of fraudulent providers.

To learn more about the Health Care Fraud Prevention and Enforcement Team
(HEAT), go to: www.stopmedicarefraud.gov.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             304 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Lancaster New Era (Pennsylvania)

                             April 7, 2007 Saturday

Katrina's other victims: taxpayers

BYLINE: Editorials

SECTION: A; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 450  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


The flood of fraud cases in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina 18 months ago is
almost as disturbing as the storm's floodwaters themselves.

The federal Government Accountability Office has referred more than 22,000
potential cases to the Katrina Fraud Task Force.

But the total number of Katrina-related fraud cases is not yet known. What
investigators do know is that they've recovered less than 1 percent of the
estimated $1 billion in fraudulent aid that was disbursed.

Not all the cases will be prosecuted, but a number will. The ones we know about
involve incredible deception, to say the least:

A woman, now living in Illinois, claimed she watched as her two daughters, 5 and
6, drowned in Katrina floodwaters. She also said her New Orleans home was
destroyed in the hurricane.

Investigators found two problems with her story: She had no children and she was
living hundreds of miles away when the hurricane hit.

The woman was given four years in prison for defrauding the Federal Emergency
Management Agency.

In Louisiana, a former police chief and former captain pleaded guilty and are
awaiting sentencing for overbilling FEMA for overtime and vehicle use after
Katrina.

An Alabama woman filed 28 claims for disaster aid - for addresses in four
separate states - and a Washington, D.C., man was given eight years in prison
for fraudulently trying to acquire more than $100,000 in disaster aid.

Two men from California staged Internet auctions for the benefit of Katrina
relief groups. The auctions, which netted the men $150,000, were bogus. The
relief groups got nothing. One man is in custody, the other is a fugitive.

Other types of fraud include extortion, bank larceny, identity theft or using
fictitious Social Security numbers or those of the deceased.

So far, more than 600 people have been charged in federal court in 22 states -
from Florida to Oregon. The alleged frauds range from a few thousand dollars to
more than $700,000.

"The reason we're seeing such widespread fraud is individuals were evacuated to
all 50 states," explains David Dugas, as U.S. attorney in Louisiana and a member
of the Katrina Fraud Task Force.

"Everybody knew what was going on. Therefore, criminals knew what was going on."

That the government may not have been cautious enough as it distributed $5.3
billion in aid to storm victims, no doubt, was a factor in the high incidence of
fraud.

Major disasters, like the 9/11 terrorist attack and previous hurricanes, bring
out the best in people and, in a few, the worst.

That's true with Katrina (and Rita), too.

The difference this time may be the volume of fraud cases and the magnitude of
the loss to taxpayers, including those who were truly victimized by the
hurricane.

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2007 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.

                             305 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                    January 9, 2001 Tuesday Michigan Edition

Credit card protection proves problematic for Visa customer

BYLINE: By SYRIL KLINE

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B8; ACTION LINE

LENGTH: 607 words


Last month, I got a phone call from Asset Maximizer Services. The caller said
Asset Maximizer Services had taken over my account with American Fraud Watch,
and that was the reason I hadn't gotten my refund from American Fraud Watch.

The caller said that Asset Maximizer Services would bill me, but that I needn't
worry because I'd be getting an immediate credit and I'd owe nothing.

Then my Visa bill came with a charge of $329 from Asset Maximizer Services, but
there was no credit. When I phoned, I was told to return the materials and to
write Visa to credit me.

Could you please send me the report you obtained from the Better Business Bureau
on American Fraud Watch? I want my refund from VISA.

C.G., South Bend

At this time, we know of no connection between American Fraud Watch and Asset
Maximizer Services other than what you told us, C.G.

But if someone placed an unauthorized charge on your credit card, contact Visa
immediately, in writing.

Asset Maximizer Services is at 1345 E. Main St., Mesa, AZ 85203. In the interest
of fairness, we have contacted the company for comment, and will print its
response as soon as we receive it.

However, according to a report we obtained from the Phoenix BBB, Asset Maximizer
Services has an unsatisfactory rating because of its nonresponse to consumer
complaints. Asset Maximizer Services also sells credit card protection over the
phone.

Last month, several readers wrote us about American Fraud Watch, which
telemarketed credit card protection to consumers for $299 per year. When the
readers who bought the protection decided against it and returned the materials
requesting their money back, American Fraud Watch failed to refund their money.

American Fraud Watch did not respond to our attempts to contact it. We learned
from the Oregon/Western Washington BBB that in August, the Oregon Department of
Justice filed an Assurance of Voluntary Compliance against American Fraud Watch
in Bellingham, Wash.

Although not considered an admission of guilt or a violation of the law,
American Fraud Watch must obey Oregon's Unlawful Trade Protections Act and
return money to those requesting refunds. Also, American Fraud Watch may not
solicit by phone or other means, any credit or debit card protection, service or
insurance to Oregon residents.

We're sending you both BBB reports to help you get both refunds from Visa.

If you would like us to contact your bank for you, let us know.

Also, file a complaint immediately with the Indiana attorney general's Office of
Consumer Protection at (800) 382-5516, and include both BBB reports and any
other pertinent information.

Let Visa know you're contacting the attorney general so that it will do
everything it can to speed up your refunds.

Credit card users beware!

 Recently, a reader told us that she felt lucky to have escaped becoming the
victim of a credit card scam.

M.C. of South Bend said she got a phone call from a woman wanting to make sure
M.C.'s credit card was protected from Internet misuse. In the course of the
conversation, the caller asked M.C. for her credit card number.

Fortunately, M.C. wasn't born yesterday, and she was smart enough not to give it
out, even though the caller became very rude and nasty.

Rude, shmude, folks.

Protect yourself and don't give out credit card numbers or other private
information to any schemer who decides to call you out of the blue.

Have a problem? Need a question answered? Ask Action Line, South Bend Tribune,
South Bend, IN 46626. Fax: (219) 236-1765. E-Mail: actionline@sbtinfo.com.
Sorry, we can't accept requests by telephone.


LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                 Copyright 2001 South Bend Tribune Corporation

                             306 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             National Mortgage News

                               September 24, 2014

Wichita Man Sentenced in Mortgage Fraud Scheme

BYLINE: Amilda Dymi

SECTION: RISK MANAGEMENT Vol. 1 No. 1

LENGTH: 249  words


A Wichita, Kan., man was sentenced to seven years and three months in federal
prison without parole for his role in a $2.7 million mortgage fraud scheme.

A federal court found Terrence Matthew Brown, 49, of Round Rock, Texas, formerly
of Wichita, guilty of conspiracy to commit wire fraud and five counts of wire
fraud, according to Tammy Dickinson, United States attorney for the Western
District of Missouri. In addition U.S. District Judge Brian C. Wimes ordered
Brown to pay more than $1.2 million in restitution.

In 2006 Brown and his co-conspirators participated in a mortgage fraud scheme
that defrauded lenders in 10 separate mortgage loans on five properties in
Missouri and Kansas. Within three months Brown filed loan applications that
contained false information about his income, employment, assets and liabilities
that ultimately resulted in the approval of up to $2.7 million in mortgage
loans, according to court documents.

Brown and his co-conspirators purchased the properties at inflated prices,
structured the mortgages in a way that allowed Brown to receive more than
$200,000 in illegal kickbacks from the loan proceeds without the knowledge or
consent of the lenders, and also submitted false invoices to the title companies
that closed the loans.

Court documents also show that Brown, a sex offender required to register where
he lives, did not use any of the five properties as his primary residence.
Eventually all loans went into default and the properties were foreclosed.

URL: http://www.nationalmortgagenews.com

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NATIONALMORTGAGE_NEWS


                        Copyright 2014 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             307 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             January 5, 2015 Monday

Fraud Prevention Manager

LENGTH: 883  words

DATELINE: Arlington


National Defense Industrial Association has issued the following job release:


    Company:
    TD Bank
    Location:
    Jacksonville, FL 32246
    Job Status/Type:
    Full Time Employee
    Job Category:
    Quality Assurance/Safety
    Industry:
    Financial Services
    Occupations:
    Fraud Investigation
    Production Quality Assurance
    Career Level:
    Manager (Manager/Supervisor of Staff)

Contact Information

Company:
    TD Bank
    Reference Code:
    75057BR

About TD Bank, America's Most Convenient Bank®

TD Bank, America's Most Convenient Bank, is one of the 10 largest banks in the
U.S., providing more than 8 million customers with a full range of retail, small
business and commercial banking products and services at approximately 1,300
convenient locations throughout the Northeast, Mid-Atlantic, Metro D.C., the
Carolinas and Florida. In addition, TD Bank and its subsidiaries offer
customized private banking and wealth management services through TD Wealth®,
and vehicle financing and dealer commercial services through TD Auto Finance. TD
Bank is headquartered in Cherry Hill, N.J. To learn more, visit www.tdbank.com.
Find TD Bank on Facebook at www.facebook.com/TDBank and on Twitter at
www.twitter.com/TDBank_US.
TD Bank, America's Most Convenient Bank, is a member of TD Bank Group and a
subsidiary of The Toronto-Dominion Bank of Toronto, Canada, a top 10 financial
services company in North America. The Toronto-Dominion Bank trades on the New
York and Toronto stock exchanges under the ticker symbol "TD". To learn more,
visit www.td.com.

· Provides leadership to develop fraud detection techniques that reduce exposure
and maximizes dealer related recoveries on misrepresentations and Identity
thefts. Provides daily support to the Retail Credit Department by investigating
Retail Credit offerings to insure that proper fraud prevention and Red Flag
Identity theft procedures are working as defined.
· Leads the development and documentation of relevant fraud awareness training
that focuses on prevention, detection, and mitigation of fraud related activity.
Facilitates fraud prevention training to new hire classes and various
departments to support fraud control efforts throughout the organization. Takes
a leadership role in development and implementation of fraud related reporting
to mitigate fraud exposure for TDAF.
· Provides insight and direction to the Fraud Management Department personnel
with regards to any kind of fraud activity, consumer and dealer, in the U.S and
Canada
· Responsible to communicate timely investigative findings and reports results
to all levels of management that identify trends and exposure areas, while
developing corrective actions that reduce exposure throughout the organization.
Works closely with Fraud Information Committee and Sub-Committee Members to
proactively monitor and implement Dealership reporting to mitigate fraud
exposure at a dealer level.
· Provides leadership and investigative assistance as needed to various
departments in the organization such as Risk, AML, FinCEN, OGC, Corporate
Security, Dealer Credit, Business Practices, and Human Resources. Completes all
Special Handling work baskets in a timely manner to ensure all allegations are
properly investigated to resolution.
· Develops a network of industry related professionals and law enforcement
contacts that help identify fraud related trends, schemes and exposure areas
that could negatively impact TDAF. Investigates and establishes Industry related
Fraud Bench Marking.
· Coaches and mentors Fraud Analysts on a regular basis to improve business
results and minimize exposure to Fraud events.
· Liaison with TDBG Fraud CoE in both the U.S and Canada for Fraud prevention
activities.

· Bachelor's Degree Required, Master Degree Preferred
· Certified Financial Crimes Investigator or Certified Fraud Examiner preferred
· Minimum of 10 years' experience in such disciplines as Audit, Collections,
Customer Service, Retail Credit, Sales/Dealer
Relations, and team management with a minimum of 5 years' experience in Fraud
Control.
· Must have business savvy, and have an investigative personality.
· Experience in Collections/Customer Service, Skip, and Retail Credit a plus.
· Attention to detail with a strong focus on creative problem solving
· Continuous Quality & performance improvement.
· Solid understanding of lending policies and procedures.
· Solid written and verbal communication skills.

At TD, we are committed to fostering an inclusive, accessible environment, where
all employees and customers feel valued, respected and supported. We are
dedicated to building a workforce that reflects the diversity of our customers
and communities in which we live in and serve, and creating an environment where
every employee has the opportunity to reach her/his potential.

If you have a disability that requires an accommodation to complete the
application process, please e-mail TD Bank's HR Compliance Department at
hrcompliance@td.com Please include your FULL NAME, CONTACT INFORMATION and
DETAILS ABOUT YOUR REQUEST within the e-mail. TD Bank is an Equal Opportunity
Employer.

"EOE/Minorities/Females/Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities".


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com Arlington:

LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             308 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     July 7, 2005, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Fighting fraud is job of banks, merchants

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 10A

LENGTH: 291 words

I take issue with USA TODAY's article "Credit card fraud hits small online
merchants hard" (Money, June 28).

Protecting cardholder information and preventing fraud are job one at Visa. Our
company has invested billions of dollars in the industry's most advanced anti-
fraud technologies, resulting in an all-time low fraud rate of 5 cents per $100
transacted.

Some readers might infer from the story that merchants alone bear the cost of
fraud. They should know that in a majority of transactions -- those where the
card is present at the point of sale -- liability rests with the bank issuing
the card, as long as the merchant follows simple steps for card authentication.

For card-not-present sales, Visa has put in place multiple tools to help
merchants avoid fraud-related costs.

For example, our Verified by Visa authentication service transfers fraud
liability costs from the merchant onto the card-issuing bank. Our Card
Verification Value 2 technology helps verify that online customers are in
physical possession of the card. Utilizing the Address Verification Service
allows online merchants to match the purchaser's billing address to the billing
address of the actual cardholder on file with the issuing institution.

Fighting fraud is a role that financial institutions and merchants alike must
play. I urge merchants to visit www.visa.com/merchants to find out more about
our fraud prevention technologies.

Merchants should also contact their financial institution and/or processor to
determine which fraud-fighting services are available for use on behalf of our
shared customer: the U.S. consumer.

John Shaughnessy Jr.

Senior vice president

Risk Management

Visa USA

San Francisco




LOAD-DATE: July 07, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letters

                      Copyright 2005 Gannett Company, Inc.

                             309 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Charleston Daily Mail (West Virginia)

                           August 22, 2012, Wednesday

Ex-Realtor Board official sentenced in scam

BYLINE: ASHLEY B. CRAIG, DAILY MAIL STAFF

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P8A

LENGTH: 479 words


A former Charleston real estate appraiser who admitted to his role in an
elaborate house flipping scheme in Putnam County will spend about a year and a
half in federal prison.

U.S. District Judge Thomas Johnston handed down the sentence Tuesday to Mark
Greenlee, 50, of Charleston. Greenlee pleaded guilty to aiding and abetting wire
fraud in September, according to a statement by U.S. Attorney Booth Goodwin.

Greenlee admitted to preparing a false and fraudulent appraisal in 2006 as part
of a multi-million dollar mortgage fraud scheme involving Deborah Joyce and
others in the Stonegate subdivision near Hurricane.

Greenlee, the former president of the Kanawha Valley Board of Realtors, admitted
to preparing a residential real estate appraisal for a home at 62 Stonegate
Drive in August 2006. He valued the property at $645,000, twice the current
market value.

He told authorities he hid information about some of the comparables he used to
justify the inflated appraisal. He then emailed a copy of his appraisal to a
mortgage broker in Utah, who provided it to a lender. The lender then funded the
loan.

Greenlee admitted to altering his appraisal of the home because of an
investigation conducted by the West Virginia Real Estate Appraiser and Licensing
Certification Board. Investigators were looking into his appraisals at
Stonegate.

Johnston handed down an 18-month sentence partly because of Greenlee's delayed
cooperation. Greenlee refused to cooperate with federal investigators during a
search of his home.

He is the second real estate appraiser prosecuted as part of the Stonegate scam
investigation.

Former real estate appraiser James Thornton, 48, admitted in June to aiding and
abetting the wire fraud scheme by falsifying his appraisal on a home at 45
Spruce Ridge Drive. Thornton, of Wilmington, N.C., was sentenced earlier this
month to five years probation. He received a reduced sentence for his
cooperation.

Deborah Joyce of Hurricane was sentenced in April 2011 to three years and 10
months in federal prison and five years supervised release for her role. Her
husband, Todd Joyce, 38, also was sentenced in April 2011 to 18 months on
mortgage fraud and tax evasion charges.

Michael Hurd, 37, of Salt Lake City, Utah, was also sentenced earlier this month
to two years and three months in federal prison for conspiracy to commit wire
fraud and bank fraud.

Raymond Paul Morris, 51, of South Weber, Utah, pleaded guilty in July to wire
fraud and bank fraud for his involvement. He faces up to 30 years and a $1
million fine when he is sentenced on Oct. 29.

The FBI and the IRS Criminal Investigative Division handled the investigation.
Assistant U.S. Attorney Thomas Ryan handled prosecution.

The case was prosecuted as part of President Barack Obama's Financial Fraud
Enforcement Task Force.

Contact writer Ashley B. Craig at ashley.craig@dailymail.com or 304-348-4850.

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 Charleston Newspapers

                             310 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             July 26, 2005 Tuesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Stopping Medicaid Fraud

SECTION: Section A; Column 4; Editorial Desk; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 174 words



To the Editor:

Re ''As Medicaid Balloons, Watchdog Force Shrinks'' (front page, July 19):

The federal False Claims Act authorizes a private citizen with inside knowledge
of fraud in government programs to file a lawsuit in the name of the government
and to receive a share of the recovery. At least 15 states, including
California, Florida and Texas, have enacted such laws. A similar law applying to
New York City takes effect next month.

According to a study published by Taxpayers Against Fraud, health care fraud
recoveries under the federal False Claims Act from 1998 to 2003 represent a $13
return to the American people on every $1 invested in health care fraud
investigation and prosecution.

We strongly endorse the efforts of New York's attorney general, Eliot Spitzer,
to enact a false claims law in New York State.

Neil V. Getnick
Lesley Ann Skillen New York, July 21, 2005

The writers are lawyers who represented a whistle-blower in a $251 million
Medicaid fraud recovery. Mr. Getnick is chairman of the board of Taxpayers
Against Fraud.


URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2005 The New York Times Company

                             311 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Times-News (Burlington, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 30, 2013 Monday

Burlington man, fugitive in federal fraud case, arrested

BYLINE: Michael D. Abernethy, Times-News, Burlington, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 725 words


Sept. 30--A former Burlington businessman and fugitive in a federal mortgage
fraud case was arrested Friday at an airport in Virginia.

Fabian David Sparrow is one of several charged with conspiracy to commit fraud
and obstructing justice out of the U.S. District Court for the Western District
of North Carolina. The scheme allegedly sold 1,100 homes in a five-year period
through federally insured home loans. The loan applications contained false
information about buyers' ability to repay the loans and inflated the cost of
the homes.

Mortgage insurance claims have mounted to more than $24 million net losses and
the U.S. has lost more than $16 million in the scheme, according to court
documents.

Sparrow was listed as a fugitive in August, after a co-defendant pleaded guilty
in the case. A fugitive warrant for his arrest was issued Aug. 7. Sparrow was
indicted Aug. 6.

On Friday, Sparrow was arrested at Dulles International Airport outside
Washington, D.C., court documents showed Monday.

He appeared Friday before a federal judge in the Eastern District of Virginia's
Alexandria Division. He was held without bond over the weekend. Bond was to be
set at a hearing there Monday afternoon. Details of that appearance weren't
available Monday.

The court will appoint counsel to represent him there and he will retain counsel
for hearings in North Carolina, documents said.

It's unclear when Sparrow will be transferred to North Carolina, said Lia
Bantavani, spokeswoman for U.S. Department of Justice in the Western District of
North Carolina.

A federal grand jury indictment accuses Sparrow and co-defendants of conspiring
to defraud the federal agencies through fraudulent home loans and applications,
conspiring to defraud customers through those fraudulent loans and destroying
documents to impede a federal investigation.

Sparrow was a manager for Phoenix Housing Group's Burlington location from
January 2006 to October 2010. The company did business here as Southern Showcase
Housing, at 778 S. Graham-Hopedale Road. As the manager there, Sparrow oversaw a
staff of about 10 people and reported to Dennis Wayne Parris, a co-defendant in
the case and the company's senior vice president, according to the indictment.

The case also involves offices in Asheboro, Hickory and Pinehurst and mortgage
officers in Charlotte and Myrtle Beach, S.C.

The case alleges that the company's salespeople told customers their monthly
payments would be lower than what they actually were after the closing sale in
order to entice more customers to buy. The company didn't report $500 down
payments it received as payment on the mortgage, rather keeping that amount as
profit. Customers sometimes paid for "discount points," advertised as lowering
the rate of monthly payments but which the company kept as profit.

Sparrow is specifically accused of manipulating customers' credit ratings by
temporarily adding them to his accounts and advancing them funds through lenders
in the scheme. The advancement was used to ensure customers qualified for
federally insured mortgage loans. The inflated and "bogus" invoices were added
to the price the company charged for homes.

In addition, Sparrow and other co-defendants are accused of:

-- Preparing and submitting false financial information and documentation
without customers' knowledge

-- Not disclosing higher mortgage loan fees than originally stated

-- Concealing the status of homes that were "used" or foreclosed on, but which
were sold as "new" or "spec homes"

-- Inflating the price of land and homes through fraudulent real estate
appraisals

-- And instructing employees to manipulate the mortgage application process
through various means, including forged customer signatures.

Sparrow faces 55 years in prison and a $1.5 million fine if convicted of all
offenses.

Three defendants have already pleaded guilty in the case.

On Oct. 28, 2007, Sparrow's brother drowned in Lake Mackintosh during a
Halloween party held at Sparrow's lakeside home on Deerfield Drive in
Burlington.

Sparrow's criminal record includes convictions in 1995 for misdemeanor
conspiracy and in 2000 for possession of schedule VI and schedule II controlled
substances. He completed probation for both sentences.

___ (c)2013 Times-News (Burlington, N.C.) Visit Times-News (Burlington, N.C.) at
www.thetimesnews.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130930-BT-Burlington-man-fugitive-in-federal-fraud
-case-arrested-0930-20130930

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BT


                           Copyright 2013 Times-News

                             312 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                              July 16, 2012 Monday

Mortgage fraud is cause for concern

BYLINE: By Rose Meily, for Silicon Valley Community Newspapers

SECTION: COMMUNITIES; Los Gatos; News; Local

LENGTH: 459 words


Beginning in May, the California Association of Realtors embarked on a
multifaceted campaign to educate consumers about the growing trend in mortgage
modification fraud.

A nonprofit housing agency recently reported that attempts to scam struggling
homeowners have increased nearly 60 percent nationwide in 2012 alone. With the
recent announcement of the National Mortgage Settlement, the state association
expects scammers will step up their efforts and prey on struggling homeowners.

CAR president LeFrancis Arnold asks members to remind their clients of the old
adage, "If it sounds too good to be true, it probably is."

The Financial Crimes Enforcement Network's first quarter 2012 update of mortgage
loan fraud suspicious activity reports (MLF SARs) shows California, Nevada and
Florida leading the country in the number of MLF SAR subjects per capita. Of the
50 most populous metropolitan statistical areas ranked by the number of MLF SAR
subjects reported, the top nine are MSAs located in California, Nevada and
Florida, with the Los Angeles-Long Beach-Santa Ana area ranked first in the
nation.

The report indicates sharp increases in debt elimination schemes (14 percent of
this reporting in Q1 2012 compared with 9 percent in 2011) and other foreclosure
rescue scams (8 percent of Q1 filings compared with less than 2 percent last
year).

To combat rising fraud, the state association has produced two videos--one about
rising loan fraud and another about recent loan fraud events, as well as public
service announcements in English, Spanish, Mandarin and Cantonese, distributed
to television stations throughout the state. The Silicon Valley Association of
Realtors, the local professional trade association representing more than 4,000
members engaged in the real estate business on the Peninsula and in the South
Bay, just last month alerted local media and consumers to a growing number of
fraudulent rental ads in the area.

"We need to remain vigilant against scammers who continue to take advantage of
financially distressed home- owners--those who are trying desperately to keep
their homes and those who are trying to find a place to live," said Suzanne
Yost, president of the Silicon Valley association. "As an association, we
continue to be proactive and will alert consumers whenever we learn of ongoing
suspicious activity in the communities where our members work and live."

Consumers can view the PSAs, find out who to contact if they are in danger of
foreclosure, get information about the national settlement and find out where to
turn if they have been scammed by visitingcar.org .

Information in this column is presented by the Silicon Valley Association of
Realtors atwww.silvar.org . Send questions on any topic tormeily@silvar.org .

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved

                             313 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                            October 5, 2012, Friday

91 charged with health-care fraud

BYLINE: Richard A. Serrano, Tribune Washington Bureau

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P10A

LENGTH: 392 words


WASHINGTON - A federal strike force charged 91 doctors, nurses and other
licensed medical professionals across the country in connection with phony bills
totaling nearly $430 million - the latest in a series of busts by the Obama
administration to attack rising government losses to health-care fraud.

"We are fighting back," Attorney General Eric H. Holder Jr. said Thursday.
"Today's takedown underscores the fact that federal efforts to combat health
care fraud have been more strategic, more comprehensive, more effective."

His comments echoed those by President Barack Obama during the debate Wednesday
with Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney. Obama said that, under his
administration, "we went after medical fraud in Medicare and Medicaid very
aggressively, more aggressively than ever before."

Since May 2007, the Medicare Fraud Strike Force under the Department of Justice
and Department of Health and Human Services has conducted a series of sweeps and
arrested more than 1,480 defendants on suspicion of more than $4.8 billion in
health care fraud.

Cities targeted for arrests in the last two days were Los Angeles, Miami,
Dallas, Houston, Brooklyn and Baton Rouge, La. In Chicago, a dermatologist and
psychologist were charged with falsely billing the government for millions of
dollars in unneeded laser treatments and psychotherapy services.

In all, the new indictments allege more than $230 million in home health care
fraud and more than $100 million in community health care schemes.

The Los Angeles defendants were involved in six separate cases alleged to have
cost the federal government a total of more than $65 million in false billings
to Medicare.

Timothy J. Delaney, acting assistant director in charge of the FBI's Los Angeles
field office, said bills were routinely submitted for "inflated rates of
service, or for services that were never provided," often for elderly patients.

These kinds of schemes, Delaney said, end up as "a cost borne by taxpayers."

According to court documents unsealed Thursday, four people affiliated with Los
Angeles-based Alpha Ambulance Inc. submitted more than $49 million in phony
billings to Medicare by creating fake documents for ambulance trips. The scheme
ran for nearly five years, officials alleged, with the defendants making up
reasons for ambulance rides, "even if one did not exist."

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 Charleston Newspapers

                             314 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           December 2, 2009 Wednesday
                                 Met 2 Edition

Digest

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A14

LENGTH: 538 words


LEGAL

Fla. lawyer charged with investment fraud

A once-highflying attorney was arrested on federal racketeering and fraud
charges alleging that he operated a $1 billion investment scheme involving phony
legal settlements.

Scott Rothstein was led into the Miami FBI office following his early morning
arrest on five charges, including a violation of the Racketeer Influenced and
Corrupt Organizations, or RICO, law, often used against mafia and other criminal
organizations.

Rothstein was also charged with wire fraud, money laundering, and mail and wire
fraud conspiracy.

His lawyer, Marc Nurik, said Rothstein -- shackled and wearing a black T-shirt
and blue jeans in court -- intends to repay as many investors as possible.

-- Associated Press

TELECOM

FCC chief wants to reroute phone fund

A $7 billion subsidy for rural telephone service should be reoriented to fund
high-speed Internet connections, the chairman of the Federal Communications
Commission said.

The Universal Service Fund mainly helps pay for telephone service in less
densely populated regions by taxing consumers for long-distance and
international calls. Officials will seek to decrease that charge, now at more
than 12 percent, Julius Genachowski told reporters today after a speech in
Washington.

The proposal will be part of a national plan to bolster high-speed Internet, or
broadband, that is due to Congress in February, Genachowski said. He said
officials were still weighing alternatives for the program.

-- Bloomberg News

Also in Business

--  EPA seeks more tests on ethanol blends: The Environmental Protection Agency
said Tuesday it wants more tests to determine if car engines can handle higher
concentrations of ethanol in gasoline before it decides whether to increase the
maximum blend from 10 to 15 percent.

Still, the agency appeared to be favoring a higher ethanol concentration in
gasoline, saying that the congressional mandate for increased ethanol use can't
be achieved without allowing higher blends of the renewable fuel, most of which
comes from corn.

The EPA, in a letter to a pro-ethanol group, said it expects to decide by June
whether to raise the concentration and is inclined to do so if the limited,
positive test results conducted so far are borne out by additional tests being
done by the Energy Department.

--  World's most expensive office markets get cheaper: More than 130 cities
worldwide had declines in rent expenses of an average 7.7 percent in the year
ended Sept. 30, CB Richard Ellis Group said in a report Tuesday. Almost 50
cities reported declines of more than 10 percent. Rental costs fell about 30
percent in Midtown Manhattan, 53 percent in Singapore and 41 percent in central
Hong Kong.

"The places that went up the fastest and highest also came down the fastest and
at greater depth," said Raymond Torto, Boston-based chief economist for CB
Richard Ellis, the largest publicly traded broker. "You party Saturday night and
you pay for it on Sunday morning. That's true across the globe."

The global recession and credit crisis are pushing down office rents as
companies pare jobs. About 1.93 million job cuts have been announced worldwide
this year, according to data compiled by Bloomberg News.

-- From news services

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved

                             315 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    October 23, 2000, Monday, FINAL EDITION

Has Mob turned to securities fraud? Indictments, guilty pleas point to 'new face
of organized crime'

BYLINE: Greg Farrell

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 4B

LENGTH: 484 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


NEW YORK -- Just what is it about the Mob and Wall Street?

Sure, that's where the money is. But there's money in other industries,
like banking. And yet, organized crime seems to have settled on
Wall Street as its next great growth opportunity, supplanting
gambling, prostitution and racketeering.


At a press conference last week announcing the indictment and
arrests of top members of the DeCavalcante crime family of New
Jersey, U.S. Attorney Mary Jo White accused the family of murder,
as well as loan-sharking and gambling, which she termed "traditional
strongholds of organized crime."

But White emphasized the DeCavalcante family's involvement in
securities fraud, describing it as "the new face of organized
crime."

The evidence to back up White's claim:

* At a recent hearing in federal court in Tampa, Philip
Abramo, an alleged "capo" in the DeCavalcante family, pleaded
guilty to various charges of securities fraud, mail fraud and
wire fraud.

A DeCavalcante soldier, Louis "Louie Eggs" Consalvo, also pleaded
guilty in the Florida case, which involved the "pump and dump"
of several small-cap stocks.

Both men were included in last week's indictment in Manhattan.

* Last June, the FBI arrested 120 suspects, including men
with ties to the Colombo and Bonanno organized crime families,
charging them with securities fraud involving more than $ 50 million
in ill-gotten gains.

The Mob's infiltration of various corners of the stock market
has a long and storied history, says Ron Goldstock, former director
of the New York State Organized Crime Task Force.

"The Mob has been on Wall Street for 40 to 50 years," he says,
going back to instances of penny-stock scams in the 1960s.

Mob interest in Wall Street makes sense for several reasons, Goldstock
says.

First, and most obvious, is the amount of money that changes hands.

Beyond that, the diversified nature of organized crime syndicates
can lead to new business opportunities. "Organized crime tends
to have a variety of victims," Goldstock says.

"Let's say you've got a loan shark victim who can't pay, but
he's a dispatcher for a trucking company. He might be able to
let the Mob know which trucks are carrying valuable freight."

The same thinking applies to the securities markets.

"It's clear that a lot of people on Wall Street are gamblers,"
Goldstock says.

"So you can see how a broker who was in trouble might be compromised."

In the Florida case, Abramo and Consalvo, among others, were accused
of artificially pumping up the price of stock of several small
companies by hyping their growth prospects, then dumping their
own shares for a big profit.

Abramo and Consalvo were also accused in the indictment of occasionally
using the threat of violence to get brokers to aggressively sell
the stock and promoters to advertise it.



LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, AP; White: Accuses Mob of fraud.

                      Copyright 2000 Gannett Company, Inc.

                             316 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             American Medical News

                               February 15, 2010

Anti-fraud efforts focus of federal summit

BYLINE: By Chris Silva, amednews staff. Posted Feb. 15, 2010.

SECTION: GOVERNMENT; Pg. 8 Vol. 53 No. 7

LENGTH: 977 words

DATELINE: Washington



HIGHLIGHT: HHS and the Justice department seek to crack down harder on criminal
activities. The White House has budgeted increased funding for these efforts.


 Two federal departments that have combined forces over the past year to reclaim
billions of dollars lost to health care fraud and to secure hundreds of criminal
convictions hosted a national summit on Jan. 28 to discuss how they can continue
to improve operations.

Efforts to combat fraud in the Medicare and Medicaid programs also received a
boost when President Obama requested $1.7 billion for those activities in his
fiscal 2011 budget, an increase of $250 million over the 2010 enacted level. The
White House estimates these investments would generate $9.9 billion in savings
from increased fraud recoveries and prevention.

Highlighting the fraud summit were the results generated by an anti-fraud unit
that was formed in May 2009. The Health Care Fraud Prevention and Enforcement
Action Team is a joint effort by the Dept. of Health and Human Services and the
Dept. of Justice. It has secured more than 50 guilty pleas and identified more
than a quarter of a billion dollars in fraudulent billings over the past eight
months.

U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder said the departments will continue to
strengthen HEAT by forming new Medicare fraud strike teams. There are currently
offices in Baton Rouge, La.; Brooklyn, N.Y.; Detroit; Houston; Los Angeles;
Miami and Tampa, Fla.

"Our agencies will continue to work with Congress to identify and pursue the
legislative and regulatory reforms necessary to prevent, deter and prosecute
health care fraud," Holder said. "These reforms range from removing barriers
that impede information-sharing to increasing sanctions and penalties."

The departments noted how Medicare claims data used to be scattered among
several databases belonging to different contractors, but said they are now
combining all data in a single, searchable location. They also said new tools
and methods have helped spot fraud trends, whether by geographic area or by type
of billings.

"For example, we were recently able to see that Miami-Dade County, which is home
to 2% of Medicare home health patients, has 90% of home health patients
receiving more than $100,000 in care each year," said HHS Secretary Kathleen
Sebelius. "When you see numbers like that, you don't need a PhD in statistics to
know something is going on."

Advice from physicians

The American Medical Association participated in the summit and offered
recommendations on immediate actions the Obama administration could take to curb
fraud further.

"Health care fraud is a significant concern to the medical community, and it
takes resources away from patient care as we work to maximize the value of every
health care dollar," said AMA Chair-elect Ardis Dee Hoven, MD. "Both patients
and physicians have been victims of medical identity theft and other fraudulent
schemes, so it's important that the physicians, insurers, and the regulatory and
enforcement communities work together to tailor ways to combat fraud."

One area that HHS can address relates to the growing problem of physician ID
theft, Dr. Hoven said. Doctors have no ability to control access to their
National Provider Identifier, and the government has acknowledged its misuse by
criminals. The department can take immediate steps to limit access to NPIs and
create a national office to help physician victims of identity theft reclaim
their good standing, she said.

"Physicians are doing their best to provide high-quality patient care in a
fragmented health system," Dr. Hoven said. "HHS should target areas where fraud
truly occurs to be most effective, instead of adding onerous burdens on
physicians."

Targeting equipment fraud

Prosecuting fraud is one way to help curtail it, but the most effective method
is to stop it from happening in the first place, HHS and Justice Dept. officials
said.

One example HHS cited was the work it has undertaken to stop fraudulent claims
for durable medical equipment. These activities used to be very appealing to
criminals because it was easy to set up a fake storefront, but more random site
visits and mandatory accreditation has put a damper on that, Sebelius said.

"All you had to do was rent a room, put some equipment on the shelves, get a
phone line and you were set," she said. "But in the last year we've made it a
lot harder for crooks to run this scam."

The American Assn. for Homecare, which represents durable medical equipment
suppliers, was not asked to participate in the January event. "The national
'summit' on health care fraud, convened by HHS and DOJ, is going forward without
the benefits of the perspective and insight of the home medical equipment
sector, and we object to being left out of the discussions," said Tyler J.
Wilson, the association's president.

The organization proposed a 13-point anti-fraud plan to Congress last year,
calling for real-time audits and screens to catch fraudulent claims. But the
group opposes a Medicare competitive bidding program for equipment, saying the
process, in place in selected communities, decreases patient access and forces
legitimate suppliers out of the system.

Stepping up the fight against fraud

The Dept. of Health and Human Services and the Justice Dept. on Jan. 28
highlighted new initiatives to expand their work against Medicare fraud,
including:

     ·     Expansion of a durable medical equipment demonstration project that
          will allow for an increase in site visits during the physician
          enrollment process.
     ·     New funding for Medicare Drug Integrity contractors, which monitor
          compliance within Medicare drug and private health plans.
     ·     Enhanced education for physicians to prevent honest billing mistakes
          and to increase awareness of rules and penalties.
     ·     More support for state Medicaid officials to conduct targeted anti-
          fraud operations.
     ·     Renewed commitments to expanded data-sharing procedures in
          investigating and prosecuting complex fraud cases.


Sources: Dept. of Health and Human Services, Justice Dept.

Back to top

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2010 American Medical Association
                              All Rights Reserved

                             317 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald Tribune (Florida)

                             August 1, 2016 Monday

Florida cements rep for credit card fraud

BYLINE: JOHN HIELSCHER

SECTION: D; FL News; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 592 words


THE MONEY MINDERS

Florida has cemented its reputation as the credit card fraud capital of the
country.

For the second year in a row, Florida led the nation with the most credit card
fraud complaints per capita, a new analysis by ValuePenguin shows.

The Sunshine State has posted a whopping 130 percent increase in those
complaints since 2011, according to data from the Federal Trade Commission.

Nearly 8,000 Floridians filed complaints over credit card fraud last year, the
most in almost a decade.

Nationwide, those fraud filings jumped by 41 percent in 2015, the largest
increase in 10 years said ValuePenguin, a financial information web site.
Consumers filed 69,954 complaints to the FTC last year.

"Security expert and CEO of IDTheftSecurity.com Robert Siciliano attributes the
recent growth to the increasing instances of data breaches that occurred over
the last five years," ValuePengion said. "According to data by the Identity
Theft Resource Center, the frequency of data breaches that exposed credit
card/debit card numbers peaked in 2009 and dropped to a low in 2012. Since that
time it has more than doubled."

Data breaches at large retailers like Target, TJX and Home Depot, along with
eBay and JPMorgan Chase, have compromised personal and financing information of
millions of consumers.

Burgess surprised with resignation

Well, that was quick.

Trevor Burgess, the former chief executive of C1 Bank, abruptly resigned last
week, just days after Bank of the Ozarks completed its $400 million purchase of
C1.

Burgess, who led the revival of the troubled lender originally called Community
Bank of Manatee, had been named chief innovation officer of Bank of the Ozarks.
He was considered a key reason why Ozarks was eager to buy C1.

In a regulatory filing, Bank of the Ozarks called the move an "unexpected
resignation," and said it was "disappointed" he would not remain as chief
innovation officer.

Burgess walks away with about $30 million from his stock holdings in C1. But he
left $5.7 million on the table, the amount Ozarks agreed to pay him for his
first year of working to bring C1 into the fold.

The Tampa Bay Business Journal reported that Burgess told staffers in an email
that he decided to resign to spend "much needed time" with his husband and their
child.

The bank quickly named Marcio deOliveira, former chief technology officer at C1,
as president of its Innovation Labs Group.

Bank of the Ozarks, based in Little Rock, Arkansas, has operated in Manatee
County since acquiring the failed Horizon Bank of Bradenton in September 2010.
With C1`, it now has seven branches in that county, one in Sarasota County and
three in Charlotte County. Some of those branches might be closed due to overlap
with others.

Burgess, a former investment banker, and a group took over Community Bank in
2009. They later changed the name and moved the headquarters from Lakewood Ranch
to St. Petersburg.

Credit union of the year

The USF Federal Credit Union was named the 2016 "Credit Union of the Year" by
the League of Southeastern Credit Unions & Affiliates.

The award, in the $500 million-plus assets category, recognized the credit
union's growth and development in the Florida-Alabama region.

Last year USF merged with Darden Employees Federal Credit Union and created two
brands - Darden and Red Lobster Credit Union - as divisions.

It tops $534 million in assets with 52,000 members, and operates an ATM on the
University of South Florida Sarasota-Manatee campus.

- Contact John Hielscher at 361-4875, fax to 361-4880 or email
john.hielscher@heraldtribune.com

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: THE MONEY MINDERS Florida has cemented its reputation as the credit
card fraud capital of the country. For the second year in a row, Florida led the
nation with the most credit card fraud complaints per capita, a new analysis by
ValuePenguin shows.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             318 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                 The Tribune-Democrat (Johnstown, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                               May 2, 2010 Sunday

Barbin honored as 'fraud fighter': Lawmaker hopes to crack down on
health-insurance scammers

BYLINE: Mike Faher, The Tribune-Democrat, Johnstown, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 362 words


May 2--JOHNSTOWN -- A freshman legislator from Johnstown has been named one of
Pennsylvania's top "fraud fighters."

The PA Insurance Fraud Prevention Authority bestowed that title on nine people
across the state at a recent ceremony.

And state Rep. Bryan Barbin, a Democrat representing the 71st district, was one
of those nine.

"We all have roles in exposing fraud, but regardless of our individual duties,
two things above all others are key to our success in stopping insurance fraud
-- communication and cooperation," said Ralph Burnham, authority executive
director.

Authority officials said Barbin is playing a significant role by sponsoring a
bill that would protect consumers from high costs "by broadening the definitions
of insurance fraud and requiring that all health-care insurers implement
programs to detect and report suspected health-care fraud for criminal
prosecution."

Barbin, who is serving his first term in the House, said his bill focuses on
curbing insurance fraud in the health-care industry.

Doing so, he said, could save hundreds of millions of dollars in Pennsylvania
alone.

"You can reduce the cost of insurance by a large amount," Barbin said. "And that
either allows you to reduce the cost to the policyholders, or it allows the
insurance company to cover more people."

Barbin, who is a member of the House Insurance Committee, said three hearings
have been conducted regarding his bill.

"We expect that there will be a vote on the bill by early fall," he said.

Along with Barbin, the authority also gave 2010 fraud-fighter awards to
individuals from Pittsburgh, Cumberland County, Dauphin County, Montgomery
County and Washington, D.C.

More information on the authority's efforts is available at
www.helpstopfraud.org.

To see more of the Tribune-Democrat or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.tribune-democrat.com. Copyright (c) 2010, The Tribune-Democrat,
Johnstown, Pa. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: May 3, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100502-JO-Barbin-honored-as-fraud-fighter-0502

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JO


                      Copyright 2010 The Tribune-Democrat

                             319 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Erie Times-News (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            February 15, 2010 Monday

Mortgage fraud defendant Rice faces state banking ban: Department of Banking
bans convicted scammer

BYLINE: Kevin Flowers, Erie Times-News, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 379 words


Feb. 15--A Harborcreek Township man imprisoned for his role in a local housing-
fraud scheme has been banned from ever working in Pennsylvania's mortgage
industry.

The state Department of Banking has filed an "order of prohibition" against
51-year-old Keith A. Rice, currently serving a federal prison sentence involving
the fraud scheme.

According to the order, Rice is "hereby prohibited from working in the
mortgage-loan business as regulated by the (Pennsylvania) Mortgage Act as a
licensee, employee, independent contractor, agent, representative or in any
other capacity of any kind whatsoever, in any way whatsoever."

The document states that the ban is the result of Rice's guilty plea to
conspiracy to commit mail fraud, wire fraud and bank fraud in the mortgage-fraud
case.

Rice, a former employee of the now-defunct local mortgage office Regal Financial
Services, was sentenced in June to 13 months in prison.

The federal government charged that Rice and others were part of a scheme in
which run-down houses were bought and fraudulently resold at inflated prices to
mostly low-income people who knew little about buying a home.

Officials looked at whether the mortgage scheme involved inflated appraisals or
other fraudulent information that led buyers to pay more than market value for
their homes and defrauded the banks providing the mortgages.

Rice is being held at the Federal Medical Center in Devens, Mass., near Boston,
according to Federal Bureau of Prison records.

The prison houses male inmates who require special medical care, and Rice has a
history of health problems, according to court records.

Robert L. Dodsworth, 62, and Frank Kartesz II, 41, face the same state banking
ban.

Dodsworth and Kartesz are also serving federal prison sentences for fraud and
conspiracy in relation to the fraud scheme.

KEVIN FLOWERS can be reached at 870-1693 or by e-mail.

To see more of the Erie Times-News, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.GoErie.com. Copyright (c) 2010, Erie Times-News, Pa. Distributed by
McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100215-EI-Mortgage-fraud-defendant-Rice-faces-state-banking-ban-0215

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EI


                         Copyright 2010 Erie Times-News

                             320 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                           November 29, 2016 Tuesday

Head Line: US Patent granted to Cellco Partnership (New Jersey) on November 29,
2016 titled as "Automated transaction cancellation"

LENGTH: 183 words

DATELINE: New York


ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no.
9,508,075 on November 29, 2016, to Cellco Partnership (New Jersey) titled as
"Automated transaction cancellation"

Inventors: Geckle; Jonathan E. (Everett, WA), Arnold; Robert E. (Simpsonville,
SC)


Assignee: Cellco Partnership (Basking Ridge, NJ) (New Jersey)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
system that investigates, identifies and cancels fraudulent transactions
comprises a fraud detection server that receives a first dataset indicating a
quantity of fraud-transactions. The first dataset is generated at least in part
by a fraud-score model. The system receives a second dataset including a
quantity of false positive fraud-transactions from the fraud transactions. The
system calculates a fraud error rate using the quantity of fraud-transactions
and the quantity of false positive fraud-transactions. The system generates a
new fraud-score model when the fraud error rate exceeds a predefined error
rate."

The patent was filed on December 13, 2013 Application No. 14/105,573


LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             321 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            October 16, 2009 Friday
                         The New York Times on the Web

41 Charged With Widespread Mortgage Fraud

BYLINE: By COLIN MOYNIHAN

SECTION: Section ; Column 0; Metropolitan Desk; Pg.

LENGTH: 722 words


Federal prosecutors announced charges on Thursday against 41 lenders, lawyers
and others  in the real estate industry who they said used fraud to obtain more
than $64 million in loans connected to more than 100 residential properties in
New York State.

An investigation involving the F.B.I., the Secret Service, the New York State
Banking Department and other agencies led to the wire fraud, bank fraud and
conspiracy charges against the lawyers, mortgage brokers and loan officers, who
engaged in complex plots that operated over a period of years, said Preet
Bharara, the United States attorney for the Southern District of New York.

''The fraud schemes alleged in the cases unsealed today reflect a veritable
smorgasbord of scams,'' Mr. Bharara said during a news conference in Lower
Manhattan. ''Whether the economy was going up or the economy was going down,
these alleged fraudsters were working feverishly to game the system.''

Mr. Bharara said that the investigation, which he called Operation Bad Deeds,
uncovered eight separate cases in which people were accused of obtaining loans
through fraudulent means by falsifying mortgage applications, flipping
properties and stripping equity from properties.

The targets of the fraud included desperate homeowners who were having
difficulty making mortgage payments or facing foreclosure, Mr. Bharara said.

On Thursday, 32 people surrendered or were arrested in New York, Pennsylvania,
Ohio and North Carolina, prosecutors said. Four others had been charged
previously, and five more were still at large.

Prosecutors said that the largest scheme involved eight people connected to a
mortgage brokerage firm in Queens called GuyAmerican. Among them were Peggy
Persaud, a loan officer for the GuyAmerican Funding Corporation, which arranged
loans from banks, and Ravi Persaud, a lawyer. The two Persauds -- between whom
there is no known relationship -- and the others are accused of fraudulently
obtaining $23 million in loans involving 44 properties.

The indictment  said that the defendants in that case recruited straw purchasers
to buy homes in Brooklyn, Queens and the Bronx, sometimes looking for owners who
were desperate to sell. They then resold those properties at inflated prices to
other straw buyers, arranging for the new buyers to obtain loans using
fraudulent information.

Ms. Persaud received hundreds of thousands of dollars in commissions based on
the fraudulent loans, the indictment said.

Once the second straw buyers obtained loans, some money was transferred to bank
accounts controlled by two lawyers, Mr. Persaud and Cheddi Goberdhan, who were
hired to represent the lenders, the indictment said. Later, those lawyers issued
payments to the straw buyers and others involved, according to the indictment.

After taking control of homes from the first straw buyers, the defendants
sometimes continued to flip the properties to other straw buyers, obtaining
additional fraudulent loans in the process, the indictment says.

Eventually, prosecutors said, the defendants would strip all the equity from the
homes, putting them through sham transactions and saddling the properties with
enormous debt.

In another case involving a Bronx real estate company called MTC, 10 people were
accused of participating in a $5.6 million ''foreclosure rescue'' scheme in
which they sought out troubled mortgage holders facing foreclosure, running
radio ads in which they presented themselves as saviors.

An indictment said that the defendants in that case, including the chief of MTC,
Lavette M. Bills, duped troubled homeowners into selling their properties at low
prices or persuaded them to transfer the deeds to their homes, promising to help
solve their financial problems and then return the properties.

Instead, prosecutors said, Ms. Bills and other defendants flipped those
properties to straw buyers at inflated prices subsidized by unaffordable loans
that the defendants persuaded lenders to issue based on false documentation.

In response to a question from a reporter, Mr. Bharara said he could not confirm
or deny whether investigators would look at the banks that issued loans based on
false information.

''This office has a tradition of looking at institutions and executives of
institutions,'' he said. ''And we will go wherever the facts lead.''

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 The New York Times Company

                             322 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                     The Journal Record (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            August 11, 2005 Thursday

Two Oklahomans facing fines, prison after pleading guilty to workers'
compensation fraud

BYLINE: Journal Record Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 451 words


A Duncan man will pay more than $15,000 in restitution after pleading guilty to
workers' compensation fraud in Oklahoma County District Court.

Curtis Ray Jackson, 61, was charged in March 2004 after investigators discovered
he was installing fencing while receiving permanent total disability payments
for a 1987 injury he sustained while working at the 4-J Ranch in Loco, Okla.,
said Drew Edmondson, state attorney general.

Jackson was ordered to serve a five-year suspended sentence and pay a $50 fine
and court costs. He will also serve one year of supervised probation and pay
$15,132.96 restitution to CompSource, the insurance policyholder for the 4-J
Ranch.

"This case illustrates CompSource Oklahoma's continuing commitment to
investigate fraud and assist the attorney general in fighting all types of
workers' compensation fraud," said Lance Loper, CompSource director of Internal
Audit and Special Investigations Unit. "Workers compensation fraud raises the
insurance premiums of all Oklahoma employers."

Jackson was prosecuted by the attorney general's Workers' Compensation Fraud
Unit.

Edmondson's Workers' Compensation Fraud Unit has statewide jurisdiction to
investigate and prosecute workers' compensation fraud.

In another case, a Tulsa County man was given a 15-year sentence after pleading
guilty to one count of workers' compensation fraud in Tulsa County District
Court, Edmondson said.

Earl Dewayne Botts, 47, was charged June 28 after he reported injuries to his
right shoulder allegedly sustained while working as a shop helper at American
Staffcorp in Tulsa.

Botts, who told two doctors and a physical therapist he had limited range of
motion and severe pain in his shoulder, was seen on surveillance sweeping his
driveway, working on his pickup and doing labor intensive work at his second
job.

"This was a man who told his physical therapist he was in too much pain to
remove his sling in order to complete his therapy," Edmondson said. "Then, we
find out he's not only pretty handy around the house, but he also has a second
job he can apparently perform with no problems. It seems Earl Botts' supposed
injuries were simply a way to collect a pay check without doing any work."

Edmondson said Botts' sentence can be attributed to multiple previous
convictions including a 2001 conviction of obtaining money by false pretenses
and a 1998 conviction of false personation.

Botts was ordered to serve a 15-year prison sentence with the last six years
suspended. He was also ordered to pay a $50 victims' compensation assessment,
court costs and $2,733.01 to CompSource Oklahoma. CompSource is the company that
insures American Staffcorp.

LOAD-DATE: August 11, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

                      Copyright 2005 Dolan Media Newswires
                                All Rights Reserved

                             323 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                     PR.com

                       March 7, 2017 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

Eddie Glenn, Product Marketing Manager - Fraud Prevention with iovation, Inc. to
Speak at The Knowledge Group's Insurance Fraud: Effective Tactics to Win the War
on Fraud

BYLINE: The Knowledge Group

LENGTH: 671  words


New York, NY,  March 07, 2017 --(PR.com)-- The Knowledge Group/The Knowledge
Congress Live Webcast Series, the leading producer of regulatory focused
webcasts, has announced today that Eddie Glenn, Product Marketing Manager -
Fraud Prevention with iovation, Inc. will speak at The Knowledge Group's webcast
entitled: "Insurance Fraud: Effective Tactics to Win the War on Fraud in North
American Landscape." This event is scheduled for May 10, 2017 from 1:00pm to
2:00pm (ET).

For further details, please visit: https://www.theknowledgegroup.org/insurance-
fraud-effective-tactics-to-win-the-war-on-fraud
-in-north-american-landscape-live-webcast/

About Eddie Glenn

Eddie is the product marketing manager for iovation's Fraud Prevention products.
Having more than 25 years of experience in enterprise software from companies
such as IBM, Rational, and Wind River, he has done it all: software developer
for safety-critical avionics, senior level product management and senior level
product marketing positions. He has a BSCS/EE from the University of Virginia
and a MBA from the University of Oregon. As an avid home automation/IoT
enthusiast and frequent online purchaser, Eddie has a unique passion for making
e-transactions safe for online consumers.

About iovation (Event Sponsor)

Headquartered in Portland, OR, iovation was founded with a simple guiding
mission: to make the Internet a safer place for people to conduct business.
Since 2004, the company has been delivering against that goal, helping large
brands protect their end users against online fraud and abuse that's
increasingly more common in today's hacker culture. Using an intuitive and high
availability product suite that focuses on authentication and fraud prevention,
iovation identifies trustworthy customers through an advanced combination of
device authentication and real-time risk evaluation. Armed with the world's
largest device-based fraud prevention database, iovation safeguards tens of
millions of transactions against fraudulent activities each day. And the world's
foremost fraud experts regularly contribute their learnings as members of
iovation's Fraud Force Community, an exclusive virtual crime-fighting network.

Abstract

The insurance industry has seen a significant increase in volume of fraud
schemes in recent years such as first and third party fraud involving fictitious
or exaggerated claims. In addition, sophisticated fraud rings are orchestrating
and coordinating widespread fraud across multiple providers. As the insurance
industry adopts more online and mobile capabilities, it is imperative for
providers to stay ahead of the shifting tactics of cybercriminals. They can win
this fight by leveraging the latest technological advances such as device
intelligence, machine learning, and adaptive authentication to fine tune their
unique fraud countermeasures.

In this webinar, attendees will learn how other insurance providers are using
iovation's device intelligence and machine learning technologies to proactively
identify and prevent online insurance fraud. We will review the top five fraud
trends that our insurance clients experience and examine a real-world case study
where device intelligence effectively stops online insurance fraud.

Benefits of attending

- Learn how to protect your company from the top five online insurance fraud
schemes

- Learn how device intelligence and global collaborative efforts can stop online
fraud rings and repeat offenders

- Learn about the latest online fraud prevention, machine learning and
authentication technologies

About The Knowledge Group/The Knowledge Congress Live Webcast Series

The Knowledge Group was established with the mission to produce unbiased,
objective, and educational live webinars that examine industry trends and
regulatory changes from a variety of different perspectives. The goal is to
deliver a unique multilevel analysis of an important issue affecting business in
a highly focused format. To contact or register for an event, please visit:
http://theknowledgegroup.org/

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


               Copyright 2017 PR.com, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved

                             324 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                           November 12, 2011 Saturday

Utah man pleads guilty to mortgage fraud

BYLINE: The Salt Lake Tribune

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 238 words


A Utah man pleaded guilty Thursday in West Virginia federal court to criminal
charges in connection with a mortgage fraud scheme.

Michael S. Hurd, 37, of Salt Lake City, pleaded guilty to conspiracy to commit
wire fraud and bank fraud involving properties in Hurricane, W.Va. Hurd also
pleaded guilty to mail fraud stemming from dealings in Modesto, Calif.

Hurd operated a company called "The Gift Program" in the early and mid-2000s
that he claimed did deals in which sellers paid down payments and initial
mortgage payments on real estate. But he admitted that he instead used it to
defraud lenders by obtaining inflated appraisals and not informing them that
part of the loan was going to down payments and initial mortgage payments.

Hurd also admitted that Raymond Morris in Salt Lake City was part of the scheme,
the U.S. Attorney's Office in Charleston, W.V., said in a news release.

Morris allegedly found investors to purchase properties at fraudulently inflated
prices and Hurd then used The Gift Program to fund the transaction. Investors
eventually defaulted on the loans, costing the lender $2 million.

Morris has pleaded not guilty to fraud charges, and a trial is set for Feb. 28.

Hurd also admitted he illegally flipped 20 properties in Modesto with losses in
excess of $5.5 million. He faces up to 60 years in prison and a $2 million fine
when he is sentenced on Feb. 29. Alt Heads:

Utah man pleads guilty to mortgage fraud

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved

                             325 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               January 18, 1988, Monday, Late City Final Edition

A New Effort In Securities Fraud Cases

BYLINE: By PHILIP SHENON, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section D; Page 1, Column 6; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 798 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Jan. 17


Concerned that insider trading and other crimes are going unpunished, the
Justice Department and several regulatory agencies are planning a task force
that will seek out securities fraud cases across the country, concentrating on
several large cities outside New York.

Agencies joining in the task force, including the Securities and Exchange
Commission, are said to hope that a concerted effort will produce important
prosecutions in Chicago, Los Angeles, San Francisco, Miami, Denver, Salt Lake
City and other cities with large business communities or financial exchanges.

The idea, law enforcement officials said, is to take the knowledge developed in
several recent securities cases (including the insider-trading prosecution of
Ivan F. Boesky in New York) and share it with Federal investigators throughout
the country.

They said there is concern that, because law enforcement agents and prosecutors
in many parts of the country lack expertise and resources, important securities
fraud investigations are not being pursued.

The task force would also work to overcome poor communication and rivalries
among agencies that investigate securities fraud.

Broader Use of Expertise

''I won't say these crimes have been underprosecuted,'' said William F. Weld,
the Assistant Attorney General who oversees the Justice Department's criminal
division. ''But I'd like to see the expertise applied in other cities.''

Another Federal law enforcement official who asked not to be named said,
''There's a fear that we're missing a lot of good securities cases -particularly
insider trading.''

Officials said that insider trading would be a major priority of the task force
and that its members would also review the Government's strategy against other
securities swindles, including stock-pricing schemes.

While the Justice Department and other agencies must still give final approval
to creation of the task force, officials sounded confident that the group would
be in operation shortly.

The group, which does not yet have a name, is being modeled on a Federal task
force set up in 1985 to combat an epidemic of bank fraud.

That task force, called the Interagency Bank Fraud Working Group, is regarded by
law enforcement officials as a significant success. It includes representatives
of the Justice Department, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, the Federal
Reserve System and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation.

The New Group's Makeup

The bank task force has been given credit for several large prosecutions,
including a recent case in Dallas in which six people were accused of a $100
million conspiracy to defraud a group of savings and loan associations in Texas
and Arkansas.

The new securities task force is expected to include representatives of the
fraud section of the Justice Department, the F.B.I., the S.E.C., the Commodity
Futures Trading Commission and other Federal agencies that investigate
securities crimes.

William C. Hendricks 3d, chief of the Justice Department's fraud section, said
in an interview that the task force would help overcome what is believed to be a
''great disparity'' in the ability of Federal investigators in different parts
of the country to prosecute securities crimes, which are usually complicated.

Traditionally the United States Attorney's Office in Manhattan has been
responsible for a large share of securities fraud cases, often focusing on
defendants working in New York's financial community.

''But New York is not the only place in the world where a securities violation
takes place,'' Mr. Hendricks said. ''And Chicago is not the only place in the
world where a commodities violation can take place.''

Resources for Any Region

He said the task force, by promoting cooperation among Federal agencies, would
be able to move money and investigators quickly to regions where they would be
most needed. And the panel, he said, is expected to sponsor legislation to ease
the prosecution of securities fraud.

Law enforcement officials named several cities where the task force would
probably focus its attention: San Francisco, the home of the Pacific Coast Stock
Exchange; Salt Lake City and Denver, centers of the market for penny stocks, and
Los Angeles and Miami, with their large business communities.

While noting that the United States Attorney's Office in Chicago had a ''large
and expert staff,'' Mr. Hendricks said the task force might also study
Government efforts to prevent fraud in Chicago's commodities and futures
markets.

Because of its expertise in prosecuting securities fraud, the United States
Attorney's Office in Manhattan is expected to have its own representative on the
task force. Federal prosecutors in Chicago and other cities would probably also
participate in the group.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company

                             326 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Credit Union Journal

                                 April 28, 2014

Widget Financial Employee Uncovers Massive ID Fraud Scheme

BYLINE: Ray Birch

SECTION: GENERAL NEWS; Pg. 2 Vol. 18 No. 15

LENGTH: 553  words


ERIE, Pa.-A tip from a Widget Financial employee has uncovered a massive
nationwide fraud scheme.

The scam involves stolen identities that were used to open bank accounts, get
credit cards and file about 2,400 fraudulent federal tax returns that cost the
U.S. Treasury an estimated $10 million, some of which was funneled to Nigeria,
according to the U.S. Attorney's office.

Five men have been indicted in U.S. District Court in Erie in connection with
the alleged fraud, which, according to the indictment, dates to December 2005.

The fraud scheme was uncovered in 2012 when a Widget employee noticed that
different out-of-state residents were filing applications to open accounts but
using some of the same personal information, such as phone numbers. Widget CEO
Gail Cook forwarded the details to the Federal Bureau of Investigation.

Trent Mason, CMO at the $253 million credit union, said no member data or money
was compromised. "They thought opening an account in 'Anywhere, USA,' some small
town, that we would not care. That is not the case at all. We were probably more
vigilant," he told the Erie Times-News.

U.S. Attorney David Hickton said the investigation remains ongoing and that
losses are expected to reach tens of millions of dollars, particularly when
investigation of the fraudulent credit card activity is complete.

Hickton said it appears the scam reached thousands of victims nationwide, some
located in western Pennsylvania. He said authorities are still investigating the
source of the stolen identification information used by the defendants.

'Tip Of The Iceberg'

Patrick Fallon, FBI assistant special agent in charge, said the indictment marks
"the tip of the iceberg."

The defendants are: Doherty Kushimo, 52, of Providence, R.I.; Saburi Adeyemi,
56, of Memphis, Tenn.; Abiodun Bakre, 49, Adetunji Gbadegeshi, 57, and Adebola
Mejule, 54-all of New York. Kushimo and Bakre face charges of conspiracy to
commit fraud and aggravated identity theft, while the three other defendants
face counts of conspiracy to commit fraud.

The men are all Nigerian nationals who were living in the United States. Three
are U.S. citizens.

The defendants are also accused of obtaining false documents, including driver's
licenses and Social Security cards, that were then used to open bank accounts
throughout the United States, including at Widget, PNC Bank in Pittsburgh and
Pennsylvania State Employees Credit Union in Harrisburg. Others banks listed in
the indictment were located in Washington, D.C., Colorado, Washington, New
Jersey, Michigan and Hawaii.

False Tax Returns Filed

The government said the defendants used the bank accounts to deposit the
fraudulently obtained tax returns. The defendants allegedly used the stolen
identities to file false tax returns that showed the filers were due tax
refunds, the government said.

The defendants e-filed the fraudulent tax returns and used prepaid cell phones
to hide their crime. The crooks also obtained software that allowed them to
remain anonymous on the Internet and used wireless air cards to connect to the
Internet, the indictment noted.

Kushimo was arraigned on the charges Monday before U.S. Magistrate Judge Susan
Paradise Baxter and released to his home in Rhode Island. Mejule was arraigned
last Wednesday. The other three are awaiting further proceedings.

URL: http://www.cujournal.com/

LOAD-DATE: April 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter

JOURNAL-CODE: CUJ


                        Copyright 2014 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             327 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 2, 2014 Thursday

Pennsylvania: Indictment charges six new jersey residents in multimillion-Dollar
mortgage fraud scheme

LENGTH: 634  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


United States Attorney's Office for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania has
issued the following press release:

An indictment was filed yesterday charging six people, including a couple and
their daughter, in a wide-reaching mortgage fraud conspiracy in which the
defendants allegedly stripped the equity from the homes of desperate homeowners
facing foreclosure, announced United States Attorney Zane David Memeger.  The
scheme caused losses to mortgage lenders of approximately $3.8 million.  Silver
Buckman, 36, of Cherry Hill, NJ, her parents, Vincent Foxworth, 69, and Cynthia
Foxworth, 63, of Turnersville, NJ, Danette Thomas, 52, of Pennsauken, NJ, Byron
White, 44, of Pennsauken, NJ and Franklin Busi, 46 of Sicklerville, NJ, are
charged with conspiracy to commit bank fraud and wire fraud.  Some of the
defendants are also charged with bank fraud and wire fraud.

According to the indictment, the defendants engaged in a scheme in which they
offered to help financially-vulnerable individuals save their homes from
foreclosure or obtain money from the equity in their homes and, instead,
defrauded the homeowners and mortgage lenders. Buckman owned and operated Fresh
Start Financial Services ("FSFS"), in Mount Laurel, NJ and was an employee of
American Home Lending as well as a mortgage broker for American One Mortgage
("AOM").  Her father is an experienced Realtor.

Between October 2006 and November 2009, Buckman and her co-defendants allegedly
targeted financially vulnerable homeowners and represented to them that they
could improve their credit, save their homes from foreclosure, or provide them
with money through Buckman's lease buyback program.  The homeowners were told
that "investors" would be used to temporarily refinance their homes and that
they could repurchase the homes in one year, or once they regained their
financial footing.  The defendants also allegedly induced the homeowners into
signing documents related to the sale and lease of their homes by their
representations that the homeowners would remain on the title to their homes,
that the equity from their homes would be placed into an individual escrow
account in their names, and that new mortgages would be paid from the escrow
accounts to establish their timely payment histories.

According to the indictment, in order to carry out the scheme, Buckman recruited
Vincent Foxworth and Cynthia Foxworth and others to be straw borrowers.  White
also recruited a straw borrower.  Ultimately, Buckman and Busi submitted false
financial and employment information about the straw borrowers to mortgage
lenders.  Once lenders agreed to fund the mortgage loans, Buckman and some of
the other defendants allegedly prevented the homeowners from receiving the
settlement proceeds and did not put money into escrow accounts for the
homeowners.  Instead, the defendants distributed the proceeds amongst
themselves.  Buckman used the majority of the proceeds due the homeowners to pay
the fees due the straw borrowers, the down payments on behalf of the straw
borrowers in subsequent transactions to further the scheme, and her personal
expenses.  She used only a fraction of the homeowners' monies toward the payment
of the mortgages obtained by the straw borrowers for the homeowners' homes and
thereby caused the loans to go into default.

If convicted, the defendants face an advisory sentencing guideline range of at
least 87 to 108 months in prison plus restitution.

The case was investigated by the Federal Bureau of Investigation and the United
States Postal Inspection Service and is being prosecuted by Assistant United
States Attorney Anita Eve.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             328 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                             July 20, 2006 Thursday
                              Penn/Elkhart Edition

Two indicted in fraud case;
U.S. files 20 counts against Mishawaka couple in alleged investment scheme.

BYLINE: By TOM MOOR, Tribune Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 603 words


SOUTH BEND -- A Mishawaka couple have been indicted on 20 counts of mail fraud,
wire fraud and conspiracy to commit mail and wire fraud, federal prosecutors
announced on Wednesday.

Thomas Squibb, 71, and his wife, Marietta, 68, told investors they planned to
use their money to develop campgrounds in four Michigan cities and condominiums
in Naples, Fla., but they did not spend any money on those projects, U.S.
Attorney Joseph Van Bokkelen said at a news conference.

The couple face federal charges because they are accused of using mail and
interstate wires to advance the alleged scheme.

Thomas Squibb told potential clients that if money was invested with "Squibb
Ventures" for these projects, he could provide high, guaranteed rates of return
over short periods of time, prosecutors say.

In the civil lawsuits, Marietta Squibb has retained her own attorney and has
claimed to have no involvement in the alleged scheme. But federal prosecutors
said they charged her also because Thomas Squibb told investors that she was
knowledgeable enough about what happened to answer their questions in his
absence.

Van Bokkelen said that since at least 1995, the Squibbs have not returned in
excess of $3 million to investors. Prosecutors said they do not know what the
Squibbs did with the missing money.

It's unclear whether investors will ever see their money again. Thomas Squibb
has invoked his Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination in civil
lawsuits. That means investors are winning the suits, but recouping their money
will be another issue.

Van Bokkelen said at least 60 victims have been interviewed in the alleged scam
but said hundreds could be affected. He said some of the investors are from this
area, with most coming from Indiana or Michigan. But people all over the country
invested with Squibb, Van Bokkelen said.

"They solicited money from family members, friends and the elderly who were the
most vulnerable," Van Bokkelen said.

Van Bokkelen isn't sure of the maximum sentence the Squibbs could get if
convicted, but said it will probably be close to 10 years.

The Squibbs, who are not in custody, had their initial appearance in court on
Wednesday and will be arraigned at 10 a.m. today.

Many of the investors said they trusted Thomas Squibb because he has been such a
successful businessman and a generous benefactor to St. Monica's Catholic Church
in Mishawaka. He formerly owned Cardinal Nursing Home in South Bend.

The Squibbs represented that, on behalf of a millionaire in Michigan, they were
developing campgrounds affiliated with Kampgrounds of America. Thomas Squibb
said the millionaire -- who Van Bokkelen said never existed -- wanted the
campgrounds developed for his children.

The couple told investors that only a limited number of people could participate
in the development of the campground, Van Bokkelen said.

"If it sounds too good to be true, then it probably is," Van Bokkelen said.
"They promised high rates of return and a chance to get rich quickly."

The Squibbs enticed investors by telling them their investments were loans and
any earnings were not taxable. Thomas Squibb also told investors their funds
would be held in an escrow account and would be returned within 30 days upon
request.

Investors were promised annual returns of 16 percent to 42 percent.

The couple made multiple excuses to investors when payments were delayed,
prosecutors said.

Van Bokkelen said the couple used at least 10 bank accounts in the alleged
scheme.

The charges were filed after an investigation by the FBI and the Indiana
secretary of state.

Tribune staff writer Jeff Parrott contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2006 South Bend Tribune Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved

                             329 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                             June 30, 2005 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Arizona Holds Fraud Suspect

BYLINE: MICHAEL DUNN, mdunn@tampatrib.com

SECTION: METRO; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 309 words

DATELINE: TAMPA


25 FLORIDIANS MAY HAVE BEEN SCAMMED

By MICHAEL DUNN

mdunn@tampatrib.com

TAMPA -- A man who scammed 25 Floridians of more than $500,000 by posing as a
successful record producer remains behind bars in Arizona, charged with several
felonies, authorities said.

Jonathan Michael Roda, 31, was charged Wednesday with felony fraud and grand
theft, according to the Tampa Bay office of the Florida Department of Law
Enforcement.

FDLE, working with the Hillsborough County Sheriff's Office, identified Roda
after a statewide investigation, said FDLE spokesman Rick Morera.

Roda, who has more than a half-dozen aliases, is in jail in Pima County, Ariz.,
charged with kidnapping and unlawful use of a means of transportation, according
to the FDLE.

Morera described Roda as a transient with no known hometown address.

During the past year, Roda posed as a record producer in Florida to persuade
people to charge various expenses on their credit card accounts, including
rental cars and luxury hotel accommodations, authorities said.

He used Web sites to target aspiring female models and actresses, promising
lucrative singing, acting and modeling contracts, authorities said. He also
targeted investors at high-profile social, sporting and musical events for
fictitious promotional ventures, authorities said.

Victims were from Fort Lauderdale, Jacksonville and the Tampa Bay area,
including New Port Richey and Brandon. The identity of the New Port Richey
victim was not available.

A Brandon woman reportedly was defrauded of $60,000, said sheriff's spokeswoman
Debbie Carter. The woman could not be reached for comment.

The attorney general's office in Tampa will handle the Florida case against
Roda, Morera said.

Reporter Michael Dunn can be reached at (813) 657-4534.

Copyright © 2005, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: July 5, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: PUBLIC SAFETY

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2005 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune

                             330 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 21, 2014 Wednesday

Washington: Sioux Falls Man Sentenced for 26 Investment Fraud Felonies

LENGTH: 327  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

United States Attorney Brendan V. Johnson announced that a Sioux Falls, South
Dakota man convicted of 26 felony fraud charges was sentenced on May 19, 2014,
by U.S. District Judge Karen E. Schreier.

Randal Kent Hansen, age 66, was sentenced to 108 months in custody, three years
of supervised release, and a $2,600 special assessment to the Federal Crime
Victims Fund. Restitution of an amount to be determined will be decided in the
next 10 days.

Hansen was indicted for conspiracy to commit wire fraud and mail fraud and also
wire fraud and mail fraud by a federal grand jury on May 8, 2013. On January 22,
2014, a federal jury found him guilty of conspiracy to commit wire fraud and
mail fraud, four counts of wire fraud, and 21 counts of mail fraud.

The case involved the investigation of a hedge fund known as RAHFCO Funds,
Limited Partnership, and RAHFCO Growth Fund, Limited Partnership. As president
of the fund, Randy Hansen collected money from over a hundred investors that
totaled over $20 million. Investors were told that only a small portion of the
money would be used to make trades on the futures market for the S&P 500, that
the rest was securely invested in government securities, and that they could
withdraw funds at will. The fund operated from 2007 until April 2011, when one
of Hansen's co-conspirators turned himself into authorities. The investigation
revealed that the fund was operating in a Ponzi-like fashion, with new investor
money being used to pay off existing investors seeking to withdraw funds.
Ultimately, investor losses have exceeded $18 million.

This case was investigated by the Federal Bureau of Investigation. Assistant
U.S. Attorney Jeffrey C. Clapper prosecuted the case.

Hansen is to self-surrender to the U.S. Marshals Service in June 2014 to begin
serving his sentence.

For more information please visit: http://www.fbi.gov


LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             331 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                            March 26, 2009 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Colo. a leader in consumer beefs Officials are asking if fraud is rising or the
reporting has improved.

BYLINE: David Migoya The Denver Post

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B-10

LENGTH: 477 words


Colorado consumers still complain at a higher ratio than people in any other
state - about fraud and other criminal efforts against them, according to a
federal report.

And there's more complaints being made. Consumer fraud complaints in the state
rose a whopping 56 percent last year, to 17,755 from 11,364 in 2007.

That's one complaint for every 277 Coloradans. It's causing law enforcement
officials to wonder whether there's a jump in crime, better reporting by victims
or whether the economy is having a broader impact.

The most frequent fraud beefs were of debt-collection agencies followed by
problems Coloradans had with Internet service providers, including complaints of
undisclosed fees, the survey by the Federal Trade Commission shows.

In cases involving criminals, they are "looking for every advantage they can,
using the situation at hand such as job scams during a down economy," said Jan
Zavislan, Colorado deputy attorney general for consumer protection.

Greeley and surrounding Weld County remained in second place last year - this
time behind the folks in Napa, Calif. - for the ratio of fraud complaints in a
specific area, the report shows.

The number of fraud complaints in the Greeley area grew from 1,359 in 2007 to
1,988 last year, roughly one for every 119 residents.

Colorado Springs ranked 42nd and Denver 74th among 382 metropolitan areas
surveyed, up from prior rankings.

The annual FTC report is from a database containing 7.2 million complaints from
1,700 law enforcement agencies, local offices of the Better Business Bureau and
consumers.

Identity theft was still America's most reported fraud last year, with 313,982
complaints, a 21 percent increase from 2007.

"It's not just organized crime but the people down the street who are looking
for your information to use against you, many just to keep their lights on,"
said Michael Prusinski, vice president of LifeLock, an identity-theft protection
firm.

Colorado ranked 10th among states for the frequency of identity-theft
complaints, about one for every 100 people.

Employment-related fraud - where someone uses another person's Social Security
number to get a job - again was the most reported ID-theft complaint in Colorado
for 2008. Credit- card fraud - using someone else's personal information to
acquire a card - was a distant second.

David Migoya: 303-954-1506 or dmigoya@denverpost.com An increase in griping

Colorado ranked 10th in the number of consumer fraud complaints filed in 2008, a
federal survey shows. Here's some of the data released in the report:

Number of fraud complaints nationally: 643,195

Number in Colorado: 17,755

Number in Denver: 10,948

Most frequent fraud complaint: debt collectors

Number of ID-theft complaints nationally: 313,982

Number in Colorado: 4,983

Number in Denver: 3,099

Most frequent ID-theft complaint:

employment-related

Source: Federal Trade Commission

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Statistics

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2009 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved

                             332 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                  May 1, 1995

FBI: Misinformation on $ 100B Mortgages

SECTION: Pg. 26

LENGTH: 441 words

DATELINE: ATLANTIC CITY, N.J.


The Federal Bureau of Investigation estimates that $ 100 billion in mortgage
loans originated in California in 1993 and 1994 were made to borrowers providing
misinformation on loan applications.

Kevin Ludden, a fraud investigator with the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp.,
said many mortgage applications contained red flags associated with fraud, and
that, "whenever you see flags on a loan level, that might be an indication (of)
a bigger scheme," said Mr. Ludden.

Speaking as a panelist at the Northeastern Regional Conference of the Mortgage
Bankers Association on the topic "Fraud in Our Markets," he said the FBI has
ascertained that 25% of Federal tax returns provided by Californians in 1993
seeking mortgages had misrepresentations.

He added that a Freddie Mac fraud case that turns out to be $ 500 million on the
institutional level may have started out as a small scheme in the primary
market.

Other areas discussed by the panelists were "Red Flags," "Motivation for Fraud,"
"How Fraud Affects the Marketplace," and "Technology in Fraud."

Kathy L. Brannon, senior vice president, MGIC Investment Corp., Milwaukee, said,
"fraud is a very serious concern for all of us because it adds a lot of cost to
the business."

Ms. Brannon noted that fraud "adds a lot of cost to the processing effort, it
adds a lot of cost as far as the market is concerned." She noted that, in
addition, investors shy away from the market, making it difficult to sell loans
or driving up their price.

"It could actually contribute to a negative impression as far as a state is
concerned," said the MGIC official.

She pointed out that there are states in which investors are shy about
purchasing loans because of concern over expenses linked to fraud.

"The real issue is that you have to repurchase the loan," said Ms. Brannon.

She said most fraudulent applications showed inflated income information.

However, she pointed out that mortgage bankers should find a balance between
being a fraud buster and being aware of risk associated with fraud.

"Know whom you are doing business with," said Ms. Brannon.  "If you are doing
business with a lender that's outside your market, well there are other people
who would have done business with that lender."

In addition, she told the gathering that for "people that you are doing business
with know as much as you can about them and know about as much as you can about
the market you are doing business in."

Joseph M. Whittington, senior vice president, Whittington Appraisals, Buffalo,
N.Y., pointed out that the most important factor in any underwriting should be
the credit of the borrower.

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 1995 Faulkner & Gray

                             333 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               July 23, 1986, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

AROUND THE NATION;
F.B.I. Charges 170 In Car Insurance Fraud

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section A; Page 16, Column 6; National Desk

LENGTH: 154 words

DATELINE: DETROIT, July 22


The Federal Bureau of Investigation has charged 170 people with filing false
automobile insurance claims totaling more than $1 million in 12 states and
Canada.

''It's clearly the largest auto insurance fraud case in U.S. history,'' said
Kenneth Walton, special agent in charge of the bureau's Michigan office, which
conducted the 17-month operation.

He said 163 vehicles were sold or given to four undercover agents who said they
could get rid of the cars so fraudulent insurance claims could be filed. Mr.
Walton said the average claim settlement was $6,000.

Agents of the F.B.I. arrested about 50 of the defendants on mail fraud charges
Monday, and the others were to be mailed summonses, Mr. Walton said. Most are
Michigan residents. The bureau said fraudulent thefts were also reported in
California, Kansas, Missouri, Ohio, Kentucky, Pennsylvania, New York, Virginia,
North Carolina, Massachusetts and Florida.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company

                             334 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Daily Camera (Boulder, Colorado)

                            December 12, 2008 Friday
                                 First Edition

SECTION: C:DAILY CAMERA; Pg. 02

LENGTH: 622 words


Former Kentucky player

accused of fraud

Former Kentucky basketball player

Dirk Minniefield

has been charged in an alleged $10 million mortgage scheme in the Houston area.

The 47-year-old former NBA player was arrested Tuesday at his home by FBI agents
after a federal indictment was unsealed. He and three others each face one count
of conspiracy to commit wire fraud and eight counts of wire fraud.

The indictment alleges Minniefield was a real estate agent in fraudulent home
loans designed to secure payments for expensive upgrades that were never
performed. The indictment says he represented buyers even though he never met
them and they never visited the properties they were supposedly buying.

In other college basketball:

Arizona forward

Jamelle Horne

apologized Thursday for making a gambling reference in interviews after the
Wildcats' 69-56 victory over San Diego State the previous night.

Price tag for Chicago

Olympics is $4.7 billion

It would cost nearly $4.7 billion to stage the 2016 Olympics and Paralympics in
Chicago, bid organizers estimate, making it a bargain when compared with the
ballooning budget for the London Games.

The games also would generate $22.5 billion in new economic activity for Chicago
and the state of Illinois from 2011 to 2021, according to a study released
Thursday. The city of Chicago would see an economic impact of $13.7 billion.

"This is not at all geared toward saying, 'Look at us, this should make it more
attractive to win,'" Chicago 2016 Chairman

Patrick Ryan

said. "The people of our community had questions ... and we got them answers for
it."

Artest out, McGrady

practices for Rockets

Houston forward

Ron Artest

will sit out the next two games with a sprained right ankle, leaving the
injury-riddled Rockets with barely enough practice players.

Tracy McGrady

practiced Thursday and may return ahead of schedule from a knee injury. But

Yao Ming

skipped the workout because of a cold.

In other NBA news:

New York Knicks guard

Cuttino Mobley

retired from the NBA because of heart disease that he said has gotten worse.

Cavaliers center

Zydrunas Ilgauskas

is expected to miss at least two games, the second significant Cleveland player
to go down with an injury this week.

Oklahoma City forward

Chris Wilcox

is expected to miss 10 to 14 days after dislocating his left ring finger.

Orlando center

Dwight Howard

leads early balloting for the NBA All-Star game with 775,933 votes and is
followed by

Kobe Bryant

and

LeBron James

.

Raja Bell, Boris Diaw

and

Sean Singletary

are expected to make their Charlotte Bobcats debuts Saturday in Detroit -- a day
after the three players were acquired a trade with the Phoenix Suns. Charlotte
received

Jason Richardson, Jared Dudley

and a 2010 second-round draft pick.

In brief

The Stars placed defenseman

Sergei Zubov

on the injured list and recalled

Dan Jancevski

from Hamilton of the AHL on Thursday.

St. Louis Blues goaltender

Manny Legace

is listed as day-to-day after getting kneed in the head.

Sergio Medina

said he was lying when he claimed death threats forced him to throw his WBO
super bantamweight title bout against

Juan Manuel Lopez

last week.

Rutgers athletic director

Robert E. Mulcahy

says he was fired after refusing a request by the school president

Richard L. McCormick

to resign.

Chris "Flash" Richardson

, a member of the Harlem Globetrotters, died in his sleep Wednesday while on
tour in Japan, an official with the team said Thursday. He was 28.

The opening stage of the 2010 Tour de France will start with a 9-kilometer time
trial in Rotterdam, returning to the Netherlands for the first time in 14 years.

Three-time Grand Slam-winner

Lindsay Davenport

has signaled a return to the WTA Tour by entering the Australian Open.

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2008 Daily Camera and Boulder Publishing, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved

                             335 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       Telegram & Gazette (Massachusetts)

                       June 16, 2000 Friday, ALL EDITIONS

Magnum, dot-com P.I.;
 Internet speeds fraud inquiries

BYLINE: Jim Bodor; TELEGRAM & GAZETTE STAFF

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. E1

LENGTH: 552 words

DATELINE: WORCESTER



- The tricks of the insurance investigator's trade are similar to those used by
a good detective: talk to witnesses, review the physical evidence and carefully
question those involved.

Now the computer age has provided another tool that has helped streamline
investigations into phony car accidents and illegal disability claims.

The Internet offers a wealth of search engines and databases that can help an
insurance investigator determine where a person used to live, other names they
may have used and other things helpful in uncovering fraud.

It's becoming a valuable tool for the industry,'' said John T. Sargent, a
special investigations unit officer with MetLife Auto & Home in Warwick, R.I.
Fraud is an important issue for us because it affects premiums, so to be
competitive and keep rates low, we need to deter fraud. The Internet helps us do
that.''

Mr. Sargent, a Worcester native, was one of eight speakers at a daylong
conference called Fighting Fraud in the New Millennium.'' More than 220
insurance investigators from Massachusetts, Connecticut, Rhode Island and New
Hampshire packed the Holiday Inn on Lincoln Street for the conference, which was
sponsored by the Insurance Fraud Bureau of Massachusetts.

Created by a special act of the Legislature in 1991, the fraud bureau is the
only body of its kind in the nation. Privately funded by the insurance industry,
the bureau was created to investigate cases of criminal insurance fraud,
especially those involving automobile bodily injury cases and workers'
compensation fraud.

Since its founding, the bureau has referred 529 cases for prosecution, leading
to convictions of 335 individuals as of June 1. One of the bureau's most recent
cases involved a Worcester man, Leo H. Biliouris, 58, who was charged with
faking a work-related injury and claiming more than $246,000 in benefits and
expenses from American Health & Life, Monarch and Cigna insurance companies.

Late last month, a Worcester Superior Court jury found Mr. Biliouris guilty. He
was sentenced to 41/2 years in prison, with four years probation, and ordered to
repay the money he received.

Insurance companies are spending a lot more time on these cases, especially the
criminal ones,'' said Michael C. Gray, deputy chief of investigations for the
bureau. We're hoping that training programs like this one, and the publicity
surrounding our cases, will have a proactive effect on deterring fraud.''

There are free and fee-based search services on the Web that insurance
investigators can use to learn more about a person involved in a fraudulent
claim, said Mr. Sargent.

Investigators can visit ClaimSearch.com, for example, to determine whether a
person has filed past claims on a single car, or received large insurance
payments for similar types of accidents. At AutoTrack.com, they can see court
records involving those making suspicious claims.

CDB Infotek.com also can lead an investigator to public records, including
property records, addresses, how many cars a person owns and other information.

All three of the services require a fee. Free online databases include
Yellowpages.com for telephone numbers, Mapquest.com to look at exactly where an
accident occurred and city and state directories such as the secretary of
state's Web page.

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 2000 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.

                             336 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 21, 2014 Tuesday

Ohio: Virginia Executive indicted for fraudulently receiving Confidential
information About VA Construction Projects

LENGTH: 529  words

DATELINE: Columbus


United States Attorney's Office for the Northern District of Ohio has issued the
following press release:

A 23-count indictment was filed charging a Virginia executive with providing
things of value to the former director of the Cleveland and Dayton Veterans
Affairs Medical Center in exchange for confidential information about VA
construction projects, law enforcement officials said.

Mark S. Farmer, 54, of Arlington, Virginia was charged with one count of
conspiracy to commit mail fraud, wire fraud and theft of government property;
two counts of wire fraud; six counts of embezzlement and theft; one count of
violating the Hobbs Act and 13 counts of mail fraud.

Farmer was employed at an integrated design firm that performed work for the VA.
He worked in several different capacities, including associate principal. The
business is identified in the indictment only as "Business 75".

Farmer and Business 75 received VA records and things of value, including
non-public information concerning the VA and streamlined access to public
information concerning the VA, which William Montague had embezzled and stolen
without authority from the VA. This was done to give Farmer and Business 75 an
advantage over other companies in the awarding and administration of VA
business.

Montague, the former director of the Cleveland and Dayton Veterans Affairs
Medical Center, pleaded guilty earlier this year to 64 counts related to his
role in the conspiracy. He is awaiting sentencing.

"Bribing a public official to obtain internal government documents and
information for a competitive business advantage is illegal," said Stephen D.
Anthony, Special Agent in Charge of the Federal Bureau of Investigation's
Cleveland Office. "The FBI will continue to root out corruption at all levels."

"Contractors and employees conspiring to defraud the VA is particularly
intolerable as the VA struggles to effectively serve our nation's veterans,"
said Gavin McClaren, U.S. VA OIG, Resident Agent in Charge, Cleveland.

Farmer asked Montague to obtain information concerning VA contracts and
business, including VA records. Montague used his power and influence at the VA
to gain access to VA employees in ways that Farmer and Business 75 could not.
Montague gave false and misleading information to VA employees about Montague's
reasons for requesting VA records and information, according to the indictment.

The case was prosecuted by Assistant United States Attorneys Antoinette T. Bacon
following an investigation by the FBI and United States Department of Veterans
Affairs - Office of Inspector General.

If convicted, the defendant's sentence will be determined by the court after a
review of the federal sentencing guidelines and factors unique to the case,
including the defendant's prior criminal record (if any), the defendant's role
in the offense and the characteristics of the violation.

An indictment is only a charge and is not evidence of guilt. A defendant is
entitled to a fair trial in which it will be the government's burden to prove
guilt beyond a reasonable doubt.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             337 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 20, 2014 Monday

Ohio: Virginia Executive indicted for fraudulently receiving Confidential
information About VA Construction Projects

LENGTH: 529  words

DATELINE: Columbus


United States Attorney's Office for the Northern District of Ohio has issued the
following press release:

A 23-count indictment was filed charging a Virginia executive with providing
things of value to the former director of the Cleveland and Dayton Veterans
Affairs Medical Center in exchange for confidential information about VA
construction projects, law enforcement officials said.

Mark S. Farmer, 54, of Arlington, Virginia was charged with one count of
conspiracy to commit mail fraud, wire fraud and theft of government property;
two counts of wire fraud; six counts of embezzlement and theft; one count of
violating the Hobbs Act and 13 counts of mail fraud.

Farmer was employed at an integrated design firm that performed work for the VA.
He worked in several different capacities, including associate principal. The
business is identified in the indictment only as "Business 75".

Farmer and Business 75 received VA records and things of value, including
non-public information concerning the VA and streamlined access to public
information concerning the VA, which William Montague had embezzled and stolen
without authority from the VA. This was done to give Farmer and Business 75 an
advantage over other companies in the awarding and administration of VA
business.

Montague, the former director of the Cleveland and Dayton Veterans Affairs
Medical Center, pleaded guilty earlier this year to 64 counts related to his
role in the conspiracy. He is awaiting sentencing.

"Bribing a public official to obtain internal government documents and
information for a competitive business advantage is illegal," said Stephen D.
Anthony, Special Agent in Charge of the Federal Bureau of Investigation's
Cleveland Office. "The FBI will continue to root out corruption at all levels."

"Contractors and employees conspiring to defraud the VA is particularly
intolerable as the VA struggles to effectively serve our nation's veterans,"
said Gavin McClaren, U.S. VA OIG, Resident Agent in Charge, Cleveland.

Farmer asked Montague to obtain information concerning VA contracts and
business, including VA records. Montague used his power and influence at the VA
to gain access to VA employees in ways that Farmer and Business 75 could not.
Montague gave false and misleading information to VA employees about Montague's
reasons for requesting VA records and information, according to the indictment.

The case was prosecuted by Assistant United States Attorneys Antoinette T. Bacon
following an investigation by the FBI and United States Department of Veterans
Affairs - Office of Inspector General.

If convicted, the defendant's sentence will be determined by the court after a
review of the federal sentencing guidelines and factors unique to the case,
including the defendant's prior criminal record (if any), the defendant's role
in the offense and the characteristics of the violation.

An indictment is only a charge and is not evidence of guilt. A defendant is
entitled to a fair trial in which it will be the government's burden to prove
guilt beyond a reasonable doubt.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             338 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                             June 21, 2011 Tuesday
                                 METRO EDITION

Another mortgage fraud case unveiled

BYLINE: DAN BROWNING; STAFF WRITER, STAR TRIBUNE (Mpls.-St. Paul)

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 2D

LENGTH: 315 words



HIGHLIGHT: Feds say half dozen conspirators defrauded residential lenders with a
kickback scheme.


Now playing at the federal courthouse in Minneapolis: The latest sequel in
Minnesota's long-suffering series of mortgage fraud conspiracies.

Federal prosecutors on Monday charged Roger Bill Hanks with collecting $600,000
in kickbacks between 2004 and 2007 in connection with a $20 million mortgage
fraud scheme that involved as many as 57 residential properties.

Hanks was charged with a single count of conspiracy to commit wire fraud.
Assistant U.S. Attorney Tracey Perzel filed the charge as a "felony information"
rather than as an indictment, a procedure that generally indicates a plea
bargain has been reached.

The charging document is long on felony accusations and short on information,
however. It says Hanks conspired with individuals identified only by the letters
A through F, and possibly unknown others, to buy residential properties in
Minnesota at artificially inflated prices.

Prosecutors say two of the conspirators recruited residential home buyers like
Hanks by offering kickbacks from the mortgage loans, which weren't disclosed to
the lenders. A mortgage broker was allegedly part of the conspiracy and prepared
the paperwork, and the buyers were told they could use the money to pay their
mortgages, fix up the properties or secure renters.

Hanks bought eight of the 57 homes that were sold this way, according to
prosecutors. They wrote that the lenders who paid for the homes suffered
significant losses on subsequent foreclosures and short sales.

There's only one person named Roger Bill Hanks in Minnesota public records. He's
a 66-year-old Coon Rapids man. Little could be learned about him Monday. Public
records indicate he worked at a home-based company called Golden Crown Real
Estate Investors Group and also had been an officer of Grace Baptist Church in
Columbus, Ga.

Neither Hanks nor his attorney responded to messages seeking comment.

Dan Browning - 612-673-4493

LOAD-DATE: June 22, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2011 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved

                             339 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 October 3, 1997, Friday, Late Edition - Final

Market Place;
From Wall St., Tale of Fraud And Threats

BYLINE: By LESLIE EATON

SECTION: Section D; Page 1; Column 5; Business/Financial Desk

LENGTH: 944 words


The dark side of Wall Street is becoming an increasingly dangerous place -- and
not just for investors.

It has also become threatening for a crooked accountant turned Federal witness
who was involved in a spectacular penny stock fraud, and for a former
stockbroker who now trades for himself from a travel agency in Boca Raton, Fla.,
Federal prosecutors say. A New York stock promoter had tried to have both men
seriously injured, according to documents that the Government filed earlier this
week in Federal court in Las Vegas, Nev.

The case, which securities lawyers call extraordinary, comes as Congress,
regulators and the financial services industry itself are becoming increasingly
worried about the boom in stock fraud, which appears to be reaching new heights
because of the long bull market. A Senate investigative committee recently held
hearings on small-stock fraud, which state securities regulators estimate costs
investors billions of dollars a year.

Stock fraud has become so profitable that crooks are turning to violence to
protect their turf, law enforcement officials contend. In April, two men were
indicted in Federal District Court in Brooklyn on charges that they solicited
the murder of some rivals who were trying to get a cut of the proceeds they got
selling the stock of a fake company.

The recent case involves Barclay Davis, who is being held in the Clark County,
Nev., detention center on a charge of witness tampering relating to a planned
attack on the accountant. United States Magistrate Lawrence R. Leavitt ruled
this week that Mr. Davis must remain in jail until his trial, which is set for
Nov. 17.

A lawyer for Mr. Davis, Daniel J. Albregts, said his client had pleaded
"absolutely not guilty," adding that it would be "inappropriate at this time to
discuss the case further."

Prosecutors contend that Mr. Davis "is at the center of a widespread securities
fraud, money laundering and bank fraud scheme," according to documents they
filed to persuade the court to keep Mr. Davis in jail. These filings say that
the United States Attorney's office anticipates indicting Mr. Davis for his
activities involving several companies he controls, and the plan to attack the
stock trader.

Mr. Davis's case is just the most recent twist in the remarkable story that
began last year with the soaring stock of Systems of Excellence, which said it
made systems for video conferences. The shares jumped from pennies to nearly $5
each before the Securities and Exchange Commission raised questions about the
company and halted trading in the stock.

It turned out that the company's chief executive, Charles O. Huttoe, had been
involved in what is known as a "pump and dump," in which insiders inflate the
price of a stock using hype, while secretly selling their own shares. Last
November, Mr. Huttoe was sentenced to 46 months in prison for securities fraud
and money laundering. And last month, the author of an Internet newsletter that
promoted Systems of Excellence was sentenced to 12 months in prison for his role
in the fraud.

A third guilty plea in the case, for conspiracy to commit securities and bank
fraud, came from an accountant named Merle S. Finkel, who helped Mr. Huttoe
falsify the books of Systems of Excellence (which was known for its stock
symbol, SEXI).

Mr. Finkel was also the accountant for companies controlled by Mr. Davis,
according to the prosecutors' detention motion. It says that although Mr. Davis
lives in Las Vegas on the weekends, he spends Monday through Friday in New York
at "various brokerage firms."

One of the firms Mr. Davis worked with is called Worthington, according to the
transcript of a tape that the Government submitted to the court. Several people
who know Mr. Davis said the firm was Worthington Capital, of Garden City, N.Y.
Worthington bought operations of Investors Associates, which has a long history
of regulatory problems; principals in the firm were said to be out of the office
yesterday and did not return telephone calls.

Early this year, Federal prosecutors told Mr. Davis that Mr. Finkel would
testify against him, according to court filings. Several months later, Mr. Davis
asked a business associate to help him keep Mr. Finkel from testifying by
injuring him, perhaps even killing him, the Government contends, adding that Mr.
Davis agreed to pay someone to push the 67-year-old accountant down a flight of
stairs.

Federal officials learned of the plan and put Mr. Finkel into protective
custody, though Mr. Davis believed he had indeed been harmed, said Christopher
Bruno, a special assistant United States attorney working on the case.

Last month, Mr. Davis then told his business associate to arrange an attack on
the Florida trader, the Government says. Mr. Davis suspected the trader, Richard
Gladstone, of betting against, or shorting, a stock called Great Northern
Finance, and urging others to do the same, according to the tape transcript
filed in court.

"I want him hospitalized," Mr. Davis is quoted as saying. "Broken legs,
whatever."

Two days later, on Sept. 17, special agents of the Internal Revenue Service
arrested Mr. Davis at McCarran International Airport in Las Vegas, according to
a statement issued by Kathryn E. Landreth, the United States Attorney for
Nevada.

One person who says he is relieved to hear that is Mr. Gladstone, the Florida
trader, who said yesterday that he hardly knew Mr. Davis and, though he had lost
money investing in another of Mr. Davis's deals, he had not bet against Great
Northern.

"Not like that's any reason for death threats," he said, "but I didn't even
short the stock."


LOAD-DATE: October 3, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company

                             340 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                          December 23, 2009 Wednesday

Holladay man gets 5 years for bank fraud scheme

LENGTH: 550 words


SALT LAKE CITY ? A Holladay man who ran a bank fraud scheme in which he would
bounce checks after offering lines of credit or attempting to buy stock pleaded
guilty in federal court Tuesday. Shaun Gregory Morgan, a native of New Zealand,
pleaded guilty to one count of bank fraud before U.S. District Judge Dee Benson.

The judge said he had spoken with attorneys for both Morgan and the government
and they had agreed on a five-year sentence, followed by a supervised release
term of another five years. Morgan was also asked to forfeit any property gained
from his criminal acts. Defense attorney Steve McCaughey said his client has
already forfeited $77,000. Morgan was sentenced to the agreed-upon sentence of
five years immediately after he entered his plea. The judge noted that Morgan
will most likely not serve his term of supervised release, as he is expected to
be deported as soon as his prison term ends. Morgan was originally indicted on a
charge of bank fraud in March 2003, but a superseding indictment was filed after
more victims came forward with 19 additional charges of wire fraud and mail
fraud. Those 19 counts were dismissed after Morgan entered his guilty plea. The
initial bank fraud charge stemmed from an incident in which Morgan used a bogus
cashier's check to purchase stock in a company from an attorney. The $535,000
check was given to Zions Bank to be deposited in the attorney's trust account,
but it bounced. Morgan then allegedly used money from another business deal to
cover the $535,000 and received a 49 percent interest in the company. The second
indictment alleged that Morgan submitted several more forged checks while posing
as an international banker. According to the indictment, Morgan created several
businesses that operated out of offices located in South Jordan. Federal
prosecutors said Morgan represented to people that he was an officer of First
Mutual, a bank located in London. Morgan also reportedly created a Web site for
First Mutual that stated the business had locations in London; New York; Salt
Lake City; Las Vegas; Wilmington, Del.; and Los Angeles. The Web site listed
several officers and directors, including Morgan as chief executive officer.
Charges state Morgan would also offer lines of credit to businesses in exchange
for advance fees. In January 2008, Morgan offered Global Wealth Partners a $13
million revolving line of credit. Morgan required the company to pledge more
than $2.5 million in collateral before informing Global Wealth Partners that he
had to close the account "for compliance reasons." Morgan gave the company a $2
million cashier's check with a fake routing number. When the check failed to
clear at Mountain America Credit Union, Morgan gave the company another
cashier's check, which also bounced. Around that same time, federal prosecutors
say, Morgan entered into agreements with several limited-liability companies to
purchase their interest in rental properties. They say Morgan again used
counterfeit cashier's checks and transferred title to the properties before the
checks came back because of insufficient funds. A civil case against Morgan
involving potential additional forfeitures is pending. He asked that the judge
send him to the federal prison in Safford, Ariz. e-mail: emorgan@desnews.com

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2009 The Deseret News Publishing Co.

                             341 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The Times (London)

                          September 19 1987, Saturday

International Bar Association: Computer fraud 'could drain UK of sterling in 15
minutes'

BYLINE: FRANCES GIBB, Legal Affairs Correspondent

SECTION: Issue 62878.

LENGTH: 571 words


A fraud linking two big electronic money transfer systems could empty the United
Kingdom of sterling in 15 minutes, Mr Kenneth Lindup, an inspector from Barclays
Bank, said yesterday.

He told lawyers at the International Bar Association conference in London that
the potential for fraud involving vast sums of money was now enormous.


In the course of the average day, some Pounds 25-30 billion was transferred
between the UK clearing banks using CHAPS (clearing houses automated payments
systems).

In addition the individual banks were transferring money internationally using
their own networks. Sums of Pounds 2 million to Pounds 3 million a day were
typical, he said.

A fraud linking CHAPS with SWIFT, thw world-wide financial message switching
service, could empty the United Kingdom of sterling in 15 minutes.

In the case of the fraud suffered by Security Pacific, 10.2 million dollars were
shifted to Los Angeles, to New York and from there to Zurich before the fraud
was even discovered.

But Mr Lindup emphasized that the incidence of computer crime was exaggerated.
Much of it was not real computer crime, but was described as such because at
some stage a computer was used.

Often the crime could have been committed when the records were kept manually,
he said.

Computer crime was carried out by interfering with or illegally modifying a
computer system for illegal gain in a way that would not have been possible with
manual systems.

He said the typical computer criminal was not as the public perceived him: 'a
hacker penetrating a system using a home computer'. The most likely perpetrator
is an employee of the victim, exploiting a weakness in the system. He or she was
likely to be a well-placedc job, probably using drugs and with financial
difficulties.

Among the gaps in controls which give rise to computer frauds are a failure to
check message authentication codes; failure to protect confidential data and a
lack of adequate security training.

Another was failure to ensure adequate separation between staff carrying out
transactions and those checking them.

Professor Michael Levi, senior lecturer in criminology at University College,
cardiff, told the conference that computer crime was rarer than the public
imagined.

He said it was costing the United Kingdom approximately Pounds 40 million
annually. But such crime constituted only a small proportion of the Pounds 2,113
million of fraud dealth with by the UK fraud squads in 1985.

He added, however, that hi-tech crimes of espionage, computer fraud and damage,
and counterfeiting were a big potential risk facing any potential risk facing
any commercial or government organization.

Sir Frederick Lawton, a retired Court of Appeal judge, yesterday called for an
end to trial by ijury in complex fraud cases.

Sir Frederick told the conference: 'The modern large-scale swindle, with its
field of operation extending over many jurisdictions, is difficult enough for
experienced judges to try, and probably impossible for a jury drawn at random
from the electoral roll'.

He said that trial by a single judge would probably not be acceptable to the
British public but three judges or one judge sitting with commercial assessors
might be. Abolition of juries in complex cases was proposed by the Roskill
Committee on fraud trials but shelved by the Government after widespread
opposition.

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

                    Copyright 1987 Times Newspapers Limited

                             342 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   September 2, 1982, Thursday, Final Edition

Jury Indicts 'Toner Bandit' Case Suspects

SECTION: Business & Finance; C15

LENGTH: 309 words


The owners of a Baltimore firm accused last year of a fraud involving mail-order
office supplies were indicted yesterday in Atlanta as U.S. postal inspectors
wound up a nationwide investigation of illegal sales of office copier supplies.

Postal inspector Thomas McLure said those named in the indictment allegedly
tricked firms into ordering copying machine supplies at inflated prices by
pretending to be a regular supplier with a "special deal" for customers.

Postal inspectors had nicknamed the participants in the plan "toner bandits"
because they specialized in selling the expensive toner that produces the images
in copying machines.

McLure said the indictments handed down by a federal grand jury in Atlanta
included charges that the office supply firms committed mail fraud by falsely
promising the Maryland attorney general that they would cease allegedly illegal
activities in the state.

Along with the Atlanta indictments, postal inspectors announced that James A.
Hall of Alpharetta, Ga., an Atlanta suburb, pleaded guilty in Baltimore to one
count of mail fraud.

Hall was identified as the president and part owner of J.D. and Associates,
Inc., a holding company that owned United Toner Co. Inc. and MidStates Chemical
Co. of Baltimore. Midstates was named in a fraud complaint filed by postal
inspectors last year; a continuing investigation led to the parent company in
Atlanta, McLure said.

United Toner was indicted on 21 counts of mail fraud and 5 counts of wire fraud,
J.D. & Associates was named on 22 counts of mail fraud and 5 counts of wire
fraud, and Total Office Supplies Inc. was indicted on 6 counts of mail fraud and
5 counts of wire fraud, McLure said.

Also indicted on wire and mail fraud charges were Dennis M. Fader, a co-owner of
J.D., United and Midstates, and Kemp Lee Henry, an employe of the firms.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1982 The Washington Post

                             343 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Herald-Sun (Durham, NC)

                             June 24, 2008 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Business Briefs

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 428  words


Three arrested for mortgage fraud

RALEIGH -- Three Triangle residents have been arrested for mortgage fraud, the
U.S. Attorney's Office in the Eastern District of North Carolina announced
Monday.

Kelley Spaulding, 38, of Durham, and Elizabeth Clement, 46, of Raleigh have
pleaded guilty to conspiring to commit wire fraud. A third co-conspirator,
Raleigh resident William Loyd III, 56, was charged with one count of conspiring
to commit wire fraud, nine counts of wire fraud and aiding and abetting, six
counts of mail fraud and aiding and abetting and two counts of aggravated
identity theft.

According to the indictment, the three entered into an agreement to defraud
E-Loan, the California-based Internet financial services company, by obtaining
multiple mortgage loans by submitting documents containing false statements
about their personal income and employment history.

In one instance, Spaulding and Loyd faxed a fraudulent pay stub and a W-2 form
with a false year-to-date income of $185,225 and a false annual salary of
$283,381.

The cases were in connection with last week's nationwide operation entitled
Malicious Mortgage, in which more than 400 individuals have been charged with
violations relating to mortgage fraud.

IRS bumps mileagerates to 58.5 cents

WASHINGTON -- The Internal Revenue Service on Monday increased its optional
standard mileage rates for the final six months of 2008.

Taxpayers may use the optional standard rates to calculate the deductible costs
of operating an automobile for business, charitable, medical or moving purposes.

The rate will increase to 58.5 cents a mile for all business miles driven from
July 1 through Dec. 31, or 8 cents up from the 50.5 cent rate in effect for the
first six months of the year.

The IRS made this special adjustment for the final months of 2008 in recognition
of recent gasoline price increases. The IRS normally updates the mileage rates
once a year in the fall for the next calendar year.

The optional business standard mileage rate is used to compute the deductible
costs of operating an automobile for business use in lieu of tracking actual
costs. This rate is also used as a benchmark by the federal government and many
businesses to reimburse their employees for mileage.

The new six-month rate for computing deductible medical or moving expenses will
also increase by eight cents to 27 cents a mile, up from 19 cents for the first
six months of 2008. The rate for providing services for charitable organizations
is set by statute, not the IRS, and remains at 14 cents a mile.

-- From staff, reports

LOAD-DATE: June 24, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 The Durham Herald Co.

                             344 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                             May 10, 2007 Thursday

2 illegals indicted in ATM fraud in Western Pa.

BYLINE: Jason Cato

LENGTH: 369 words


Monroeville police nabbed two Romanians during an East Coast ATM fraud spree,
but not before they withdrew about $14,000 from machines in Western
Pennsylvania.

A federal grand jury Tuesday indicted Vasile Ciocan, 29, and Romulus Pasca, 36,
on conspiracy, bank fraud and aggravated identity-theft charges. They are
accused of taking part in a scheme that attached card-reading devices to
automated teller machines and gleaned personal information used to make
counterfeit cards.

Ciocan and Pasca were arrested April 13 after a passer-by reported suspicious
activity near an ATM. The men, who live in Canada and were in the United States
illegally, were caught with approximately 20 counterfeit cards, said U.S.
Attorney Mary Beth Buchanan.

No local bank customers are believed to have been scammed, Buchanan said. Card
readers and a video camera to record personal-identification numbers were used
on ATMs in Macon, Ga., and Tyson's Corner, Va., she said.

"We believe these two individuals were working with others to alter ATMs in
Georgia, Virginia and possibly elsewhere," said Buchanan, adding the
investigation is continuing. "We don't have any reason, however, to believe
there are any defective machines in the Pittsburgh area."

Jay Foley, executive director of the San Diego-based Identity Theft Resource
Center, said ATM fraud is on the rise, in part, because recent security
improvements in credit-card software haven't extended to debit cards.

"Debit cards have become more of a front-end solution" for criminals, Foley
said.

Recording, or "skimming," devices -- such as card readers -- often are inserted
inside or over an ATM's usual card slot, Foley said. To avoid detection, the
criminals who make and use fake cards travel from city to city to withdraw
money.

In general, ATMs are safe and can be trusted, said Jacob Jegher, a banking
analyst with Boston-based Celent LLC.

"ATM fraud pales in comparison to other forms of fraud," Jegher said.

A 2004 Celent study showed that ATM fraud accounted for direct losses of about
$60 million annually. The banking industry, according to the same study, lost
about $625 million in identity theft, $710 million in check fraud and $965
million in credit-card fraud.

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2007 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved

                             345 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                            January 15, 2006 Sunday
                                 FINAL EDITION

REAL ESTATE

BYLINE: -- Margaret Jackson, Denver Post Staff Writer

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. K-04

LENGTH: 286 words


Fraud prevention, firsthand

Denver real-estate agent Michael Richardson has published "An American Epidemic,
Mortgage Fraud ... A Serious Business." The book draws on Richardson's own
experience. He survived a mortgage-fraud ring that marauded his company and says
he learned firsthand how to prevent mortgage fraud. Richardson, who operates
PreventMortgageFraud.com, also offers fraud-awareness workshops.

State gains in relocations

Colorado continued its three-year trend of more people moving into the state
than out of it, according to a recent study. United Van Lines' annual migration
study found that nearly 2 percent more people moved into the state than in 2004.
The survey is based on the 226,353 interstate household moves handled by St.
Louis-based United among the 48 contiguous states and Washington, D.C.

Housing to slow

The National Association of Realtors is forecasting a more balanced housing
market for 2006. After setting a fifth consecutive annual record, projected to
7.10 million units for 2005, existing-home sales are forecast to ease to 6.79
million this year, the second-highest on record. New-home sales, which should be
a record 1.29 million for 2005, are expected to decline to 1.21 million in 2006.
That also would be the second-best year in history. Total housing starts for
2005 are seen at 2.07 million units - the highest since 1972's record - slowing
to 1.94 million this year.

The national median existing-home price for all housing types, projected to jump
12.9 percent to $209,100 for 2005, is forecast to rise 5.1 percent to $219,700
this year. The median new-home price, which should be up 4.6 percent to $231,300
for 2005, is expected to increase 6 percent this year to $245,200.

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: BRIEFS

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2006 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved

                             346 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    February 10, 1991, Sunday, Final Edition

Three Men Arrested in Norfolk Bomb Scheme;
FBI Says Attempt to Blow Up Chemical Storage Facility Was Part of Insurance Scam

Marylou Tousignant, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A1

LENGTH: 1171 words


The attempt to blow up two chemical storage tanks in Norfolk with pipe bombs
Monday was part of an insurance scam, not a terrorist act, federal officials
said yesterday as they announced the arrests of a Howard County businessman and
two Arizona men in connection with the incident.

The discovery of six pipe bombs Monday at the Allied Terminals facility had
prompted fears that terrorists had chosen Norfolk -- home of the Navy's largest
base and thousands of military families -- to strike at an American public
anxious over the Persian Gulf War.

But according to FBI officials, the incident was a simple case of a business
deal gone sour, and an attempt to rescue it with a scheme to collect on a $ 2.7
million insurance policy.

FBI agents arrested Charles Edward Gresham, 67, at his Ellicott City home
yesterday morning. The two other men, identified as Joseph Wayne Openshaw, 36,
of St. Johns, Ariz., and Cecil Howard Ross, 31, of Glendale, Ariz., a Phoenix
suburb, were arrested Friday night.

The three were being held yesterday on charges of conspiring to use explosive
devices to commit arson, mail fraud and wire fraud. Gresham, who operated a
chemical company called Applied Technology out of his Maryland home, was in
custody in Baltimore, according to FBI officials, who said a bond hearing
probably will be held tomorrow. Openshaw and Ross were being held in Phoenix.

FBI officials in Norfolk said that their investigation was continuing and that
more arrests were possible.

According to FBI officials, the case against Gresham began building within hours
of the incident. While news reports were raising the specter of terrorism, FBI
agents received a call from a confidential informant who said Gresham had
approached him about blowing up the tanks.

Officials said the scheme grew out of a failed investment by Gresham. FBI
officials said Gresham had obtained 2.2 million gallons of sodium hydrosulfide,
a substance used in paper manufacturing and tanning and bleaching. According to
an FBI source, the chemical proved to have virtually no commercial value, and
Gresham stored it in a rented tank at the Norfolk terminal while he tried to
find a buyer.

Authorities said Gresham owed more than $ 66,000 in back rent to Allied
Terminals, which is located across the Elizabeth River from downtown Norfolk,
and was facing a lawsuit over the debt. "He had had trouble getting the payments
to us," said W. Bruce Law, executive vice president of Allied Marine Industries.

When Gresham was unsuccessful in trying to sell the chemical, authorities said,
he falsified a $ 4 million sales contract with a Hong Kong firm, then used that
contract to secure a $ 2.7 million insurance policy with a Norfolk insurance
company, Burroughs & Watson. The policy was to expire on or about Feb. 20, FBI
officials said.

According to an FBI affidavit made public yesterday, Openshaw told federal
agents that he, Gresham and Ross agreed in early January to blow up the two
storage tanks, collect the insurance, pay off some expenses and then share what
was left -- with Gresham taking $ 500,000, and Openshaw and Ross getting $
250,000 each.

A spokesman for Burroughs & Watson said yesterday that he had talked with
Gresham, but declined to comment further.

Joseph V. Corless, special agent in charge of the FBI's Baltimore office, said
the men were not sure the tank of sodium hydrosulfide would explode, so they
decided to first blow up an adjacent tank, which contained 500,000 gallons of
highly volatile methanol owned by someone else.

Around 7:45 Monday morning, an Allied employee making a routine check found two
pipe bombs, linked by a detonator-timer, on the tank of methanol. Several hours
later, four similar bombs with a single timer were found on the tank that
Gresham had rented.

The first set of bombs was disarmed at the Allied site. The second was taken to
a cemetery, buried and detonated. The bombs did not detonate on the storage
tanks because of faulty mechanisms, FBI officials said.

According to the FBI affidavit, the informant said Gresham, whom he described as
a business associate he had known for three or four years, provided him with a
map of the storage facility.

The document said Gresham initially told the informant that he was considering
transporting the chemicals out to sea by barge and dumping them.

Gresham said that the tank was "heavily" insured, and that the informant stood
to benefit financially by carrying out the bombing plan, the informant told the
FBI. In their last conversation, on Jan. 27, Gresham no longer mentioned the
bomb plan to the informant, the affidavit said.

A few weeks earlier, Gresham had met with Openshaw and Ross in Tempe, Ariz., to
discuss the scheme to destroy the chemicals, the affidavit says, and Gresham
showed the two men photos and a diagram of the tank farm.

Ross, interviewed by federal agents, said that he was at the Jan. 2 meeting and
that he faxed a diagram of the proposed pipe bomb to Gresham about a week later,
according to the affidavit. Ross also told FBI agents that Gresham "admitted in
this meeting to a prior failed attempt to bomb these tanks," the affidavit said.

According to federal agents and the affidavit, Gresham obtained the sodium
hydrosulfide as an investment, only to find that he could not unload it. He then
falsified a $ 4 million sales contract with a Hong Kong firm called Jin Dou.
According to the FBI affidavit, Henry Wong, president of Jin Dou, later said
that there was no contract to sell the chemicals.

When FBI officials interviewed Openshaw last week, he acknowledged that there
had been no contract, according to the affidavit.

Gresham lives in a neighborhood of mostly two-story homes, many of them on
grassy hills. Yesterday, two large American flags hung from the awning of his
home in the 3800 block of Spring Meadow Drive, and a blue four-wheel-drive
vehicle with "FBI" painted on the side was parked in the driveway.

Neighbors said Gresham and his wife have lived in the house for about 20 years
and have three grown children.

One woman who has known Gresham for years said, "You've got to be kidding," when
told Gresham had been arrested by the FBI. "I'm stunned," the woman said.
"They're considered outstanding citizens in this neighborhood. There must be
some mistake."

Another neighbor said, "I'm surprised. He seemed like a nice guy, a very
intelligent guy. He seemed like the kind of guy that you would trust."

A third person described Gresham as a "very popular, very religious man.
Everybody around here knew him. He was very friendly, very nice."

The reaction was the same in St. Johns, where Openshaw lives. Alice Stack, a
bookkeeper at the Double M Hardware store in the town of about 5,000, described
Openshaw, who has a wife and several children, as a "great guy."

"If he's involved, I'm sure it's not him," she said.

Staff writers John F. Harris in Norfolk, Paul Valentine in Baltimore and Stephen
Buckley in Ellicott City contributed to this report.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, FBI AGENTS TAKE JOSEPH WAYNE OPENSHAW, 36, CENTER, TO U.S. COURT
IN PHOENIX. AP; PHOTO

TYPE: VIRGINIA NEWS

                       Copyright 1991 The Washington Post

                             347 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                 May 15, 2002 Wednesday Five Star Lift Edition

FEDERAL OFFICIAL WARNS HERE OF FRAUD IN ROAD PROJECTS CONFERENCE EXAMINES
PROBLEM

BYLINE: Jim Getz Of The Post-Dispatch Ken Leiser Of The Post-Dispatch
Contributed To This Report.

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 551 words


How much is the public being ripped off by fraud in highway and public transit
projects?

Enough that there have been 1,028 indictments, 725 convictions and $217 million
in financial recovery by the federal government in the past five years.

Enough that Kenneth Mead, inspector general for the U.S. Department of
Transportation, said fraud should be in the top 10 concerns of the federal
agency and its state counterparts.

And enough that more than 300 transportation officials from 46 states are
meeting for three days this week at a national conference on fraud in St. Louis.
The conference is at the Millennium Hotel downtown (part of the old Regal
Riverfront Hotel.)

"I am greatly concerned by the size of some of these cases," said Mead in an
interview after delivering an address at the conference Tuesday. "You're talking
cases where you have $30 million in recovery, $45 million in recovery.

That's a large chunk of change you're taking away from the taxpayers."

Mead said that fraud is nowhere near as large as in the late 1950s and early
1960s, when the interstate system was being built. But increases in federal
transportation spending - from $22 billion in 1995 to $39 billion this year -
are fueling a rise in fraud.

And with Congress set to reauthorize transportation funding in a new bill next
year, Mead said that it was crucial that the states worked together and with the
federal government - hence, the conference, for exchanging ideas on how to
deliver projects on time, on budget and without fraud.

"It's not a rarity to find a fraud case," he said. "In larger projects, you can
expect a larger federal role, but the states are the first line of defense."

Mead said Missouri's inspector general's office in the Department of
Transportation "is strong and getting better."

The St. Louis area has not seen any major fraud cases, but a St. Louis man -
Richard Wall, regional sales manager for Inland Steel of Chicago - was convicted
of mail fraud and conspiracy by a federal jury in Baton Rouge, La., for
concealing the use of inferior drainage pipes under roads. The government
reached a settlement with the company now owning Inland to pay $30 million in
restitution.

Illinois, Mead said, was spurred into greater action in the late 1990s by a
federal investigation and convictions of Palumbo Brothers Inc. in the Chicago
area.

In January 1999, the Palumbos - two brothers and their father - admitted to
inflating bills on more than 60 projects over 11 years. They paid about $15
million in fines and restitution and served anywhere from 10 to 19 months in
prison.

"Illinois was strongly affected by the Palumbo case," Mead said. "They are in
the process of reinvigorating their oversight. They were burned."

The bribes-for-licenses scandal that has plagued Gov. George Ryan also was a
wake-up call, Mead said. Federal investigators have found that, while Ryan was
secretary of state, truckers paid bribes to employees of license bureaus to get
their commercial drivers licenses without having to take a test. Ryan has not
been implicated, but about $170,000 of the bribe money wound up in his campaign
fund for governor.

That situation "combined with the Palumbo case," Mead said, "hey, that's like
wearing a sign: Help me."

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2002

LANGUAGE: English

NOTES: Reporter Jim Getz:; E-mail: jgetz@post-dispatch.com; Phone: 314-340-8207

                  Copyright 2002 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.

                             348 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 March 17, 1994, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

Adviser Guilty In Fraud Case

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section D;  Page 16;  Column 4;  Financial Desk

LENGTH: 116 words

DATELINE: LOS ANGELES, March 16


A radio investment adviser who promised prospective clients he had never lost
money was convicted today of a real estate fraud that cost 1,500 investors more
than $30 million.

Morris D. English Jr., 46, of Redondo Beach, Calif., was convicted by a Federal
jury of a combined 30 counts of mail fraud, securities fraud, money laundering,
bankruptcy fraud and criminal contempt. He was acquitted on two counts of mail
fraud and the jury deadlocked on 15 other counts.

Mr. English, who advertised his investment company, the Wellington Group, on a
local radio station, faces a maximum sentence of 295 years in jail. Under
Federal guidelines, the actual sentence may be closer to 10 years.

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1994 The New York Times Company

                             349 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Edmonton Journal (Alberta)

                           February 26, 2009 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Money managers charged in $550M fraud

BYLINE: Reuters

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. F10

LENGTH: 345  words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


Two money managers who oversaw investments for Carnegie-Mellon University and
other institutions were arrested Wednesday on charges of running an estimated
$550-million, decade-long swindle, the latest in a wave of big financial fraud
cases.

Paul Greenwood, 61, and Stephen Walsh, 64, managing general partners of WG
Trading Co. with main offices in Greenwich, Conn., were charged by federal
prosecutors with conspiracy, securities fraud and wire fraud.

The two, both former part-owners of the New York Islanders National Hockey
League team, are accused of using client money as "their personal piggy-bank" to
fund lavish lifestyles, according to the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission.

The SEC and Commodity Futures Trading Commission brought civil charges against
the men, WG Trading and an affiliated firm, investment adviser Westridge Capital
Management Inc of Santa Barbara, Calif.

The charges, filed in U.S. District Court in Manhattan, come amid a wave of
fraud cases involving money managers. The biggest case involves former Nasdaq
chairman Bernard Madoff, arrested in December and charged with fraud after
authorities said he confessed to running a Ponzi scheme with losses of up to $50
billion over many years.

Greenwood and Walsh were arrested by the FBI Wednesday morning, two weeks after
their suspension by the National Futures Association for not complying with an
audit.

Attorneys for the two men were not immediately available. A woman who answered
the phone at a WG Trading office in North Hills, N.Y., declined to comment.
There was no answer at the firm's main office in Greenwich.

The alleged scheme was long-running, beginning in 1996 and operating through
this month, according to authorities.

Of the $667 million that clients invested, Greenwood and Walsh misused as much
as $554 million, the SEC said.

Greenwood, of North Salem, N.Y., was accused of using investor funds to buy
items including horses and expensive collectibles, while Walsh, of Sands Point,
N.Y., was accused of using client money for himself and to make large payments
to his ex-wife.

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business; Crime

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2009 Edmonton Journal, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             350 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            April 24, 2013 Wednesday

IN BRIEF

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B2

LENGTH: 546 words


AKRON

Federal contractor pleads guilty to fraud

An Ohio man has pleaded guilty to defrauding more than $225,000 from contractors
involved in FBI building projects in Indianapolis and Knoxville, Tenn.

Fifty-one-year-old Robert Berryhill of Aurora pleaded guilty to nine counts
Tuesday in Akron federal court. The judge scheduled sentencing for July 30.

Berryhill was charged with mail and wire fraud, aggravated identity theft and
posing as an FBI employee. The fraud allegedly involved phony businesses and
invoices.

The government says Berry-hill's employer also was a victim of the fraud.

Carnegie Management and Development Corp. of Westlake says Berryhill was fired
in 2009 and the FBI was alerted when an audit detected alleged fraud.

COLUMBUS

Apology not evidence of malpractice

The Ohio Supreme Court has ruled that sympathetic statements by a doctor over a
patient's unexpected medical outcome can't be admitted as evidence in medical
malpractice cases filed after Sept. 13, 2004.

That's the effective date of a statute outlawing use of such statements in
court.

In a unanimous decision Tuesday, justices reversed an 11th District Court of
Appeals ruling that had allowed such a "medical apology" to be admitted in a
2007 suit that involved gall bladder surgery conducted in 2001, before the law
went into effect.

Justices said the law clearly applied the prohibition to suits filed after the
effective date.

The case involved complications in the surgery of Portage County resident
Jeanette John-son.

LORAIN

Police release details in murder-suicide

Police in northeast Ohio have released more information about an apparent
weekend murder-suicide that left three people dead.

Police in Lorain say they believe 31-year-old Shone Whitney entered through a
bathroom window to confront his 29-year-old estranged wife, Halyna Whitney, and
her 33-year-old boyfriend, William Everett Jr.

Investigators believe Shone Whitney fatally shot the other two before turning
the gun on himself sometime early Sunday.

Police said Halyna Whitney's two children - a 7-year old girl and 1-year-old boy
- were in the house at the time of the shootings but weren't hurt.

The (Lorain) Morning Journal reports that investigators are examining four guns
found at the scene.

MT. VERNON

Dad avoids prison in toddler's shooting

An Ohio man won't serve prison time after his 3-year-old son accidentally shot
himself with a handgun the child found under a couch in their home.

The Columbus Dispatch reports that 25-year-old Joshua Heagren was convicted Feb.
5 of child-endangering and negligent homicide in the death of his son, Lucas,
last May.

On Monday a judge sentenced Heagren to a suspended prison sentence of two years
and put him on probation for two years.

Lucas died after shooting himself in the head with a .45-caliber handgun his
father had placed under a couch in their home near Mt. Vernon, northeast of
Columbus.

CLEVELAND

Council: Metroparks to run Lake Erie parks

Lake Erie parks in Cleveland are going to be operated by the regional Cleveland
Metroparks system instead of the state of Ohio.

The Cleveland City Council voted unanimously Monday to transfer management of
the parks along 14 miles of lakefront to Cleveland Metroparks.

Most of the parks belong to the city but have been leased by the state since
1978.

LOAD-DATE: April 24, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.

                             351 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               New Jersey Lawyer

                               December 22, 2003

Jersey's insurance fraud prosecutions tops in U.S.

BYLINE: By William Young; Reporter William Young can be reached at
wyoung@njlnews.com.

SECTION: Vol. 12, No. 50; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 250 words


When it comes to insurance fraud, New Jersey is tops in the nation.  Prosecuting
it, that is.

The Washington, D.C.-based Coalition Against Insurance Fraud released a study of
the 43 state insurance fraud bureaus in the nation and found the New Jersey
Office of Insurance Fraud Prosecutor led all others in the number of civil
actions it took against people trying to cheat the system.

It has only been five years since the insurance fraud office was created, so its
ascension to No. 1 is somewhat remarkable.

"This report establishes unequivocally that our Office of Insurance Fraud
Prosecutor leads the nation when it comes to fighting this costly crime of
insurance fraud," said Gov. James E. McGreevey.  "Insurance fraud costs the
average New Jersey household $ 200-$ 300 a year in added premiums."

The office opened 4,986 new cases in 2002, more than double the number of
second-ranked California.  Additionally, the office took 2,590 civil actions
against fraud perpetrators last year.

Fraud Prosecutor Greta Gooden Brown noted that nationwide, insurance fraud is an
$ 80 billion industry.

"For years, law enforcement paid little attention to insurance fraud, because
they viewed it as a minor, non-violent crime," she said.

The fraud office said this year's statistics should mirror last year's in terms
of total cases filed and civil actions, and that as of the end of November, 318
people had been charged with some criminal charge related to insurance fraud, up
from 302 in 2002.

LOAD-DATE: July 13, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 2003 The New Jersey Lawyer, Inc.

                             352 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               paymentssource.com

                            November 21, 2016 Monday

Chip card migration a gift for holiday e-commerce crooks: reports

BYLINE: Kate Fitzgerald

SECTION: Vol. 1 No. 1

LENGTH: 361  words


Online retailers should brace for a sharp increase in online fraud attempts this
holiday season as fraudsters redirect their attention to e-commerce channels
amid the U.S. shift to chip cards, two new reports suggest.

ACI Worldwide predicts that e-commerce fraud attempts will rise 12% globally
this holiday season compared with last year, but in the U.S. online fraud
attempts will spike much higher, reaching 43% by volume, the Naples, Fla.-based
payments company said in a Nov. 21 press release.

The holiday card-fraud spree will commence on Thurs., Nov. 24 with fraud
measuring about 2% of all transactions, gradually rising to a peak on Dec. 24,
the company said in the release. ACI based its forecast on data the company has
gathered each year and trends emerging so far in 2016.

A key reason the U.S. is seeing a fraud-spike this year is the
expectedresponseby fraudsters to the Oct. 1, 2015 liability shift for
counterfeit card fraud, according to ACI. As more merchants adopt EMV,
fraudsters are gradually shifting their activity away from stores to e-commerce
channels, the firm noted.

But online fraud also is accelerating because of the broader consumer shift
toward online shopping. "Fraud is increasing at a rate nearly equal to general
retail growth globally-and is exponentially increasing in the U.S. due to a
seismic shift from in-store to online (fraud) activity," Mike Braatz, ACI's
chief product officer, said in the release.

Portland, Ore.-based iovation noted a similar trend in online card fraud.
Iovation said in a Nov. 18 press release that online fraud attempts in the U.S.
rose 35% over the last year in the wake of the EMV migration. "Now, more than a
year (after the liability shift), the bad guys have had plenty of time to adapt
their tactics and are in full swing with their online assault," said Scott
Waddell, iovation's chief technology officer, in the release.

Iovation spotted the uptick in online fraud by analyzed fraud attempts on tens
of millions of transactions conducted during November and December 2015 and
compared it with transaction data collected over the same months this year, the
company said in a Nov. 18 press release.

URL:
http://www.paymentssource.com/news/chip-card-migration-a-gift-for-holiday-e-comm
erce-crooks-reports

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine


                        Copyright 2016 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             353 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 7, 2014 Wednesday

Washington: Accountant Convicted in Mortgage Fraud Scheme

LENGTH: 605  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

Following a five-day jury trial, a licensed accountant was convicted today of
conspiracy and fraud charges for participating in a mortgage fraud scheme in
southern Nevada and causing approximately $1.6 million in losses to federally
insured financial institutions, announced Daniel G. Bogden, United States
Attorney for the District of Nevada.

Carmen Denise Mosley, 43, of Granada Hills, California, was convicted of one
count of conspiracy to commit bank fraud and wire fraud and two counts of bank
fraud. Mosley is scheduled to be sentenced on August 5, 2014, and faces up to 30
years in prison and a $1 million fine on each count.

"Over the last six years, hundreds of persons who worked in the housing and
mortgage industry in southern Nevada have been prosecuted and convicted of
mortgage fraud crimes," said U.S. Attorney Bogden. "This type of fraud has a
long-lasting effect on the state economy, and the perpetrators deserve to be
convicted and punished."

According to the court records and evidence introduced at trial, from about
November 2006 to November 2007, Mosley, a certified public accountant, and
co-defendant Zulfiya Karimova, 33, of, Cupertino, California, a loan officer,
conspired to obtain mortgage loans from financial institutions by causing
materially false information to be placed in the buyers' mortgage loan
applications and supporting documentation. Using this scheme, Mosley and
Karimova obtained money and property from the financial institutions by causing
money from the loans to be disbursed to them at closing for their own use and
benefit. Karimova caused buyers to apply for mortgage loans and caused their
applications to contain false information about their income and assets. Mosley
provided fraudulent tax documents to support the fraudulent representations in
the applications concerning the buyers' income. Mosley and Karimova caused the
financial institutions to loan money to fund the purchase of three homes in the
Las Vegas area during 2006 and 2007. The buyers defaulted on the loans, causing
approximately $1.6 million in losses to the lenders.

Karimova pleaded guilty prior to trial to conspiracy to commit bank fraud and
wire fraud and to bank fraud and is scheduled to be sentenced on May 27, 2014.

The case was investigated by the FBI and prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorneys
Sarah E. Griswold and Kathryn C. Newman.

Today's announcement is part of efforts underway by President Obama's Financial
Fraud Enforcement Task Force (FFETF), which was created in November 2009 to wage
an aggressive, coordinated, and proactive effort to investigate and prosecute
financial crimes. With more than 20 federal agencies, 94 U.S. attorneys' offices
and state and local partners, it is the broadest coalition of law enforcement,
investigatory, and regulatory agencies ever assembled to combat fraud. Since its
formation, the task force has made great strides in facilitating increased
investigation and prosecution of financial crimes; enhancing coordination and
cooperation among federal, state, and local authorities; addressing
discrimination in the lending and financial markets; and conducting outreach to
the public, victims, financial institutions and other organizations. Since the
inception of FFETF in November 2009, the Justice Department has filed more than
12,841 financial fraud cases against nearly 18,737 defendants including nearly
3,500 mortgage fraud defendants. For more information on the task force, visit
www.stopfraud.gov.

For more information please visit: http://www.fbi.gov

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             354 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 4, 2015 Wednesday

U.S. Attorney Names New Supervisory Appointments

LENGTH: 690 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Office for the United States Attorneys, District of Connecticut has issued the
following news release:







    U.S. Attorney Deirdre M. Daly today announced new supervisory appointments
within the U.S. Attorney's Office.

    Assistant U.S. Attorney Tracy Lee Dayton has been appointed Executive
Assistant U.S. Attorney.  Ms. Dayton joined the U.S. Attorney's Office in 2007
and has served as Chief of the Violent Crimes and Narcotics Unit and as Senior
Litigation Counsel.  Since 2012, she has been a member of the Attorney General's
Review Committee on Capital Crimes.  She previously served as an Assistant U.S.
Attorney in the Eastern District of New York, and as a Deputy District Attorney
in Los Angeles County.  Ms. Dayton graduated from Princeton University in 1992
and UC Berkeley School of Law in 1995.



    Assistant U.S. Attorney David E. Novick has been named Chief of the Criminal
Division's Financial Fraud and Public Corruption Unit, which focuses on the
investigation and prosecution of securities, commodities and investor fraud,
public corruption, bank fraud and embezzlement, mortgage fraud, tax fraud,
health care fraud, bankruptcy fraud and Foreign Corrupt Practices Act
violations.  He previously served as a Deputy Chief of the FFPC Unit.  Mr.
Novick joined the Office in 2008 after serving as an Assistant District Attorney
in the Manhattan District Attorney's Office for approximately five years.  He is
a 1997 graduate of Yale University and a 2003 graduate of New York University
School of Law.

    Assistant U.S. Attorney Sarah P. Karwan has been named a Deputy Chief of the
FFPC Unit.  Prior to joining the Office in 2007, Ms. Karwan was in private
practice for six years, and served as a law clerk to Chief U.S. District Judge
Alfred V. Covello.  She is a 1997 graduate of the College of William and Mary
and a 2000 graduate of the UConn School of Law.

    Assistant U.S. Attorney Liam Brennan of the FFPC Unit has been asked to lead
the Connecticut Public Corruption Task Force, which investigates corrupt public
officials, the misuse of public funds and related criminal activity.  Mr.
Brennan joined the Justice Department's Fraud Section in Washington, D.C. in
2007, and moved to the U.S. Attorney's Office in 2011.  He graduated from the
University of Notre Dame in 2001 and Yale Law School in 2007.

    Assistant U.S. Attorney Jacabed Rodriguez-Coss has been appointed a Deputy
Chief of the Criminal Division's National Security and Major Crimes Unit, which
is responsible for prosecuting matters involving international and domestic
terrorism, civil rights and hate crimes, human trafficking and child
exploitation, cybercrime and identity theft, organized crime, immigration and
customs enforcement, government program and defense contractor fraud, and
environmental crimes.  Prior to joining the Office in 2014, Ms. Rodriguez-Coss
was an Assistant U.S. Attorney in both the District of Maryland and the District
of Puerto Rico, and served as a trial attorney in the Capital Case Section of
the Justice Department's Criminal Division.  She graduated from Yale University
in 1988 and Harvard Law School in 1991.

     &ldquo;Our office is fortunate to have many experienced and talented
attorneys dedicated to keeping our communities safe, enforcing federal laws
fairly and consistently, and representing the interests of the United States in
court,&rdquo; said U.S. Attorney Daly.  &ldquo;The AUSAs stepping into these
supervisory roles are highly qualified and possess the skills and qualities to
be effective and respected leaders.  I am honored to work side by side these men
and women as well as all the members of our supervisory team.&rdquo;

    The U.S. Attorney's Office is charged with enforcing federal criminal laws
in Connecticut and representing the federal government in civil litigation.  The
Office is composed of approximately 65 Assistant U.S. Attorneys and
approximately 50 staff members at offices in New Haven, Hartford and Bridgeport.







 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             355 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 3, 2015 Tuesday

U.S. Attorney Names New Supervisory Appointments

LENGTH: 689 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Office for the United States Attorneys, District of Connecticut has issued the
following news release:







    U.S. Attorney Deirdre M. Daly today announced new supervisory appointments
within the U.S. Attorney's Office.

    Assistant U.S. Attorney Tracy Lee Dayton has been appointed Executive
Assistant U.S. Attorney.  Ms. Dayton joined the U.S. Attorney's Office in 2007
and has served as Chief of the Violent Crimes and Narcotics Unit and as Senior
Litigation Counsel.  Since 2012, she has been a member of the Attorney General's
Review Committee on Capital Crimes.  She previously served as an Assistant U.S.
Attorney in the Eastern District of New York, and as a Deputy District Attorney
in Los Angeles County.  Ms. Dayton graduated from Princeton University in 1992
and UC Berkeley School of Law in 1995.



    Assistant U.S. Attorney David E. Novick has been named Chief of the Criminal
Division's Financial Fraud and Public Corruption Unit, which focuses on the
investigation and prosecution of securities, commodities and investor fraud,
public corruption, bank fraud and embezzlement, mortgage fraud, tax fraud,
health care fraud, bankruptcy fraud and Foreign Corrupt Practices Act
violations.  He previously served as a Deputy Chief of the FFPC Unit.  Mr.
Novick joined the Office in 2008 after serving as an Assistant District Attorney
in the Manhattan District Attorney's Office for approximately five years.  He is
a 1997 graduate of Yale University and a 2003 graduate of New York University
School of Law.

    Assistant U.S. Attorney Sarah P. Karwan has been named a Deputy Chief of the
FFPC Unit.  Prior to joining the Office in 2007, Ms. Karwan was in private
practice for six years, and served as a law clerk to Chief U.S. District Judge
Alfred V. Covello.  She is a 1997 graduate of the College of William and Mary
and a 2000 graduate of the UConn School of Law.

    Assistant U.S. Attorney Liam Brennan of the FFPC Unit has been asked to lead
the Connecticut Public Corruption Task Force, which investigates corrupt public
officials, the misuse of public funds and related criminal activity.  Mr.
Brennan joined the Justice Department's Fraud Section in Washington, D.C. in
2007, and moved to the U.S. Attorney's Office in 2011.  He graduated from the
University of Notre Dame in 2001 and Yale Law School in 2007.

    Assistant U.S. Attorney Jacabed Rodriguez-Coss has been appointed a Deputy
Chief of the Criminal Division's National Security and Major Crimes Unit, which
is responsible for prosecuting matters involving international and domestic
terrorism, civil rights and hate crimes, human trafficking and child
exploitation, cybercrime and identity theft, organized crime, immigration and
customs enforcement, government program and defense contractor fraud, and
environmental crimes.  Prior to joining the Office in 2014, Ms. Rodriguez-Coss
was an Assistant U.S. Attorney in both the District of Maryland and the District
of Puerto Rico, and served as a trial attorney in the Capital Case Section of
the Justice Department's Criminal Division.  She graduated from Yale University
in 1988 and Harvard Law School in 1991.

     &ldquo;Our office is fortunate to have many experienced and talented
attorneys dedicated to keeping our communities safe, enforcing federal laws
fairly and consistently, and representing the interests of the United States in
court,&rdquo; said U.S. Attorney Daly.  &ldquo;The AUSAs stepping into these
supervisory roles are highly qualified and possess the skills and qualities to
be effective and respected leaders.  I am honored to work side by side these men
and women as well as all the members of our supervisory team.&rdquo;

    The U.S. Attorney's Office is charged with enforcing federal criminal laws
in Connecticut and representing the federal government in civil litigation.  The
Office is composed of approximately 65 Assistant U.S. Attorneys and
approximately 50 staff members at offices in New Haven, Hartford and Bridgeport.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: November 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             356 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                January 27, 1998, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

Ex-Astra Official Pleads Guilty in Tax Case

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section D; Page 22; Column 1; Business/Financial Desk

LENGTH: 269 words

DATELINE: BOSTON, Jan. 26


The former head of American operations for the Swedish pharmaceutical company
Astra pleaded guilty today to filing false Federal tax returns in a deal that
will put him in prison for 21 months, prosecutors said.

Lars Bildman admitted in Federal District Court in Worcester, Mass., that he had
failed to report more than $1 million in income between 1993 and 1995. He had
been charged with bilking the Swedish company of more than $1 million in
personal expenses, lying about them on his taxes and conspiring with Lars
Magnusson, a former company consultant, in a cover-up.

With his guilty plea, Mr. Bildman agreed to serve 21 months in a Federal prison,
prosecutors said. He must also pay the Government more than $300,000 in back
taxes and interest. He did not admit guilt to other charges in the indictment,
including mail fraud, wire fraud, conspiracy and other violations.

Mr. Magnusson pleaded guilty today to a felony charge relating to his lying
about destroying documents. He will serve probation after sentencing. Sentencing
for both men was scheduled for April 8.

Mr. Bildman's criminal fraud trial began last Wednesday, with prosecutors
describing him as a renegade executive who tricked Astra into paying for family
vacations, home renovations and cruises.

Mr. Bildman, 52, ran Astra USA for 15 years before he was dismissed in 1996 amid
accusations of sexual harassment and fraud.

Astra USA was not a defendant in the case, but the company is a party in several
civil lawsuits involving sexual harassment. It is also the subject of an Equal
Employment Opportunity Commission inquiry.

LOAD-DATE: January 27, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1998 The New York Times Company

                             357 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                           November 20, 2010 Saturday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

MORTGAGE FRAUD RIPS 3 NABES

BYLINE: BY ROBERT GEARTY DAILY NEWS STAFF WRITER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 271 words


THREE OF the top 10 hot spots in the nation for fraudulent home loans are in New
York, a new study has found.

Brooklyn's Bedford-Stuyvesant neighborhood ranked fourth-worst in the nation for
mortgage fraud, followed by the Bronx's Castle Hill in fifth place and
Baychester in ninth.

That's according to CoreLogic of California, which analyzed 7 million loans from
2005 through the first six months of 2010.

In April, the group listed a zip code in Jamaica, Queens, as having the highest
concentration of mortgage fraud in the nation. At the time, Bed-Stuy, Castle
Hill and Baychester weren't even in the top 10.

Now, CoreLogic says the Jamaica zip isn't even in the top 12, and the new No. 1
spot for mortgage fraud in America is a distressed Washington, D.C.,
neighborhood called Douglass. No. 2 was in North Carolina.

The list is compiled from information banks supply to regulators about outright
fraud and suspicious mortgages.

Local authorities have acknowledged the problem. Last year, Brooklyn District
Attorney Charles Hynes created a special unit to go after mortgage scammers.

CoreLogic's new report found loan fraud had increased since early 2009 as con
artists migrated toward quickly selling distressed homes, called "flipping," and
ripping off government loan programs.

Other findings:

. An alarming number of sales of bank-owned properties were crooked. CoreLogic
said one in every 24 bank-owned property sale was fraudulent.

. Bogus mortgage applications are still a big problem, but CoreLogic said fewer
buyers are lying about income. On the other hand, lying about employment or
hiding debt was up.

rgearty@nydailynews.com

LOAD-DATE: November 20, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Daily News, L.P.

                             358 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                            November 11, 2016 Friday
                                 METRO EDITION

St. Paul man convicted of fraud in export deals

BYLINE: MIKE HUGHLETT; STAFF WRITER, STAR TRIBUNE (Mpls.-St. Paul)

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 2D

LENGTH: 299 words


After a five-week trial, a St. Paul man has been found guilty of fraud and
conspiracy in connection with multimillion-dollar trade deals backed by a U.S.
export guarantee program.

Brett Lillemoe, 46, was convicted Wednesday in U.S. District Court in
Connecticut of one count of conspiracy and five counts of wire fraud involving
altered shipping documents. The jury, which deliberated for 4½ days, acquitted
Lillemoe of 13 other fraud counts and one count of money laundering.

Sarah Zirbes, of Minneapolis, was acquitted of all counts of fraud and money
laundering. The case involved exports - from chicken to soybean meal - that were
ultimately insured by the U.S. Department of Agriculture. Zirbes worked for GTR
LLC, Lillemoe's trade finance business.

Pablo Calderon, a Lillemoe business associate in Darien, Conn., was convicted of
one count of wire fraud and one count of conspiracy.

All three were indicted in February 2015 for allegedly defrauding two banks.
Charges included presenting false and altered shipping documents to the
financial institutions.

Lillemoe lined up export deals financed by letters of credit, which ensure that
an importer pays an exporter. The letters of credit were issued by foreign banks
and funded by the U.S. office of Deutsche Bank and Denver-based Co-Bank.

Those loans to foreign banks were insured by the USDA'S GSM-102 program, which
covers 98 percent of any losses. Lillemoe was paid via loan arrangement fees.

But when a bank in Russia failed to repay the two U.S. banks, more than $10
million in loans went into default and the USDA had to make good on its
guarantees.

Lillemoe and Calderon face maximum terms of 20 years on each count.

They are expected to be sentenced in early February. Lillemoe said he and
Calderon plan to appeal.

Mike Hughlett · 612-673-7003

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2016 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved

                             359 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Minnesota Lawyer (Minneapolis, MN)

                            January 18, 2013 Friday

Minnesota Lawyers in the News: January 18, 2013

BYLINE: Minnesota Lawyer Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 982  words


Foley & Mansfield announces the addition of the Qui Tam and Health Care legal
team from the Michigan firm of Frank Haron Wiener PLC.

Joining the firm as partners to lead these efforts are David L. Haron and
Melinda A. Balian, along with attorneys Mercedes V. Dordeski and Maro E. Bush.
The group will work from the firm's Detroit office and a new satellite office in
Grand Rapids, Mich.

Haron will lead Foley & Mansfield's new Qui Tam Practice. Nationally recognized
for its work with False Claims Act whistleblowers, his team has recovered
hundreds of millions of dollars on behalf of the government for fraud and abuse.
The practice group currently represents individuals across the country in a
variety of fraud cases including Medicare and Medicaid fraud, governmental
contracting fraud, tax fraud, mortgage fraud and SEC fraud.

The firm's health care law practice, led by Balian, represents physicians,
health care professionals, home health agencies and other health care entities
in a variety of areas relating to health law and regulations, including
whistleblower actions, contractual, licensing and employment related matters.

*** Minneapolis law firm Henson & Efron recently named Amy E. Papenhausen as
shareholder.

Papenhausen is part of the firm's Estate Planning practice group and focuses on
estate planning, business succession planning, probate and trust administration,
conservatorships and guardianships and estate and trust litigation.
Additionally, Papenhausen serves on the firm's marketing committee.

Papenhausen received her Juris Doctor in 2001 from William Mitchell College of
Law and practiced elsewhere prior to joining Henson & Efron in 2007.

*** Leonard, Street and Deinard announced that four attorneys have been elected
by their peers as shareholders of the firm.

Anne (Erickson) Cotter, a member of the firm's corporate practice, focuses on
general corporate law, mergers and acquisitions, and securities law, including
debt and equity financing, SEC reporting and matters relating to corporate
governance. She regularly works with public and private companies in areas
including choice of entity and related formation and organizational matters,
mergers, asset and stock sales, private placements, licensing and contract
negotiations and other general corporate matters. Cotter earned her law degree
magna cum laude from the University of Minnesota Law School in 2005 and her
bachelor's degree summa cum laude in economics and political science from St.
Cloud State University.

Adam D. Maier, a member of the firm's banking and corporate practices,
represents lenders in connection with commercial, real estate and asset-based
financing arrangements; structuring and restructuring debt and credit
facilities; and analyzing legal issues arising under the Uniform Commercial
Code, state and federal banking regulatory laws, consumer and business lending
compliance regulations and the U.S. Bankruptcy Code. Maier also represents and
advises financial institutions in a broad range of strategic transactions,
including bank and bank holding company mergers and acquisitions. He earned his
law degree magna cum laude from Hamline University School of Law in 2006 and a
bachelor's degree in finance from the University of Wisconsin at Superior.

Jonathon T. (J.T.) Naples, a member of the firm's labor and employment and
litigation practices, represents clients in federal and state court and before
administrative agencies on matters involving Title VII, the Age Discrimination
in Employment Act, the Americans with Disabilities Act, the Family Medical Leave
Act, the Minnesota Human Rights Act, breach of contract, covenants not to
compete, misappropriation of trade secrets, shareholder disputes, agribusiness
disputes and various other statutory, common law and tort claims arising under
state and federal law. Additionally, with his extensive background in
traditional labor law, Naples assists clients in all phases of matters governed
by the National Labor Relations Act, including advice on union organizing
drives, unfair labor practice proceedings, collective bargaining and
arbitrations. He earned his law degree magna cum laude from William Mitchell
College of Law in 2005 and has a bachelor's degree in accounting from Marquette
University.

Ryan Stai, a member of the firm's construction litigation practice, has
substantial experience litigating large, complex construction cases for a wide
range of clients. He has litigated disputes over energy efficiency projects,
energy generation performance standards and guaranteed energy savings contracts.
He currently is overseeing claims management for one of the prime contractors on
a $3 billion public works construction project in New York. Stai was part of the
three-attorney litigation team that arbitrated a $90 million claim against the
world's largest manufacturer of combustion gas turbines used in combined-cycle
power plants. He earned his law degree from the University of Minnesota in 2005
and his bachelor's degree in political science and criminal justice from the
University of Minnesota.

*** The Minnesota Board of Pharmacy has elected Henson & Efron attorney Stuart
T. Williams as its vice president for 2013. Williams was also elected vice
president of the Minnesota Board of Nursing for 2013. He is a public member of
both boards.

The Nursing Board is responsible for licensing and regulating more than 110,000
nurses in Minnesota and approving nurse education programs at Minnesota colleges
and universities. The Pharmacy Board is responsible for licensing and regulating

 more than 22,000 pharmacists, pharmacies, drug wholesalers and distributors in
Minnesota.

Williams is a shareholder working in the business litigation group at Henson &
Efron.

<a href="http://www.minnlawyer.com/be-the-first-to-know/">Click here for more
from this resource. </a>

© 2013 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved

                             360 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                 Republican & Herald (Pottsville, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 7, 2012 Saturday

Former owner of Schuylkill Products found guilty in historic fraud case

BYLINE: Stephen J. Pytak, Republican & Herald, Pottsville, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 618 words


April 07--The former president and chief executive officer of now-defunct
Schuylkill Products Inc. has made history, being convicted in a landmark case
involving a multimillion-dollar fraud against the federal government.

"According to the U.S. Department of Transportation, this scheme, which lasted
for over 15 years and involved over $136 million in government contracts, is the
largest reported Disadvantaged Business Enterprise fraud in the nation's
history," Peter J. Smith, a U.S. attorney from the Middle District of
Pennsylvania, said in a news release Friday.

Following a four-week trial at the U.S. District Court in Harrisburg, a jury
debated whether Joseph W. Nagle, Deerfield Beach, Fla., committed 30 counts of
conspiracy, mail fraud, wire fraud and money laundering between 1993 and 2008 to
help his company cover up the fact that Marikina Construction Corp., West Haven,
Conn., was merely a front for Schuylkill Products, Cressona.

Late Thursday, the jury found Nagle guilty of 26 of 30 fraud charges, Smith
said.

Nagle will face numerous years in prison and thousands of dollars in fines, but
no date has yet been set for sentencing, Smith said.

The charges he was found guilty of included conspiracy to defraud the U.S.
Department of Transportation, 11 counts of wire fraud, six counts of mail fraud
and 11 counts of money laundering, Smith said.

"Nagle faces up to five years imprisonment on the conspiracy count, up to 20
years imprisonment on each of the wire and mail fraud counts and up to 10 years
imprisonment on the money laundering conspiracy and each of the money laundering
counts," Smith said.

Nagle will also face $250,000 in fines and mandatory restitution on each of the
convictions, Smith said.

He was acquitted on four counts of wire fraud, Smith said.

The U.S. Department of Transportation provides billions of dollars a year to
states and municipalities for the construction and maintenance of highways and
mass transit systems. This is done on the condition that small businesses, owned
and operated by disadvantaged individuals, receive a fair share of those federal
funds, Smith said.

In Pennsylvania, the state Department of Transportation and the Southeastern
Pennsylvania Transportation Authority receive those funds and they require
contractors to award a percentage of their subcontracts to eligible
disadvantaged business enterprises, Smith said.

"Mr. Nagle was convicted of participating in a scheme which ran from 1993 to
2008, where he and other executives at Schuylkill Products Inc. diverted over
300 PennDOT and SEPTA construction contracts to Schuylkill Products Inc. and CDS
Engineeers Inc. that were reserved for eligible disadvantaged business
enterprises. Mr. Nagle and his co-conspirators executed the scheme by using a
small Connecticut highway construction firm known as Marikina Construction Corp.
as a front company to obtain these lucrative government contracts," Smith said.

Romeo P. Cruz, a Filipino, owned Marikina, which enabled it to be classified as
a Disadvantaged Business Enterprise under federal law, making it eligible to
obtain certain construction contracts. That, in turn, enabled Schuylkill
Products and its subsidiary, CDS Engineers Inc., to use Marikina as a front that
let them do the actual construction work, prosecutors said.

Cruz and three Schuylkill Products executives, including Chief Operating Officer
Ernest G. Fink, Orwigsburg, pleaded guilty in connection with the conspiracy.

Schuylkill Products now is Northeast Prestressed Products LLC and is under new
ownership.

___ (c)2012 the Republican & Herald (Pottsville, Pa.) Visit the Republican &
Herald (Pottsville, Pa.) at republicanherald.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20120407-RN-Former-owner-of-Schuylkill-Products-found-guilty-in-historic-fraud
-case-0407-20120407

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RN


                       Copyright 2012 Republican & Herald

                             361 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                        The Pueblo Chieftain (Colorado)

                           November 3, 2005, Thursday

Mortgage fraud summit draws 500

BYLINE: By Jeff Tucker

LENGTH: 665 words



Regulating the mortgage industry is a good first step toward curbing mortgage
fraud but doesn't solve the problem, an FBI agent who specializes in such frauds
said Wednesday in Pueblo.

FBI agent Dan Bradley of Colorado Springs, whose coverage area includes Southern
Colorado, addressed more than 500 people Wednesday at a statewide seminar on
mortgage fraud hosted by Pueblo at the Union Depot.

Bradley released statistics showing mortgage fraud is a rapidly growing crime
nationally with Colorado among the top five states in caseloads. Commercial
fraud will cost communities nationwide an estimated $ 812 million in 2005 while
residential fraud will cost $ 653 million, he said.

And those are just the cases reported to the FBI and do not include those cases
that go unreported or that are handled through local law enforcement, Bradley
said.

There are generally two types of fraud cases, Bradley said.

The first, considered low on the FBI's priority list, involves a borrower who
provides false information on income levels or property value. The borrower also
may not disclose all of his or her debt, and may secretly borrow money for the
down payment without disclosing the action.

In these cases, the borrower intends to live in the house and intends to pay off
the loan, Bradley said. These types of fraud represent about 20 percent of cases
and are generally low on the FBI's list of priorities, though he said the FBI is
still interested in them, he said.

As for the second pool of mortgage fraud cases, most of the crimes involve
industry professionals. In some cases, the borrowers are completely unaware of
the scheme, he said.

Bradley calls the schemes "for profit" schemes, where the goal is to make money,
not necessarily to provide housing for the borrower.

The schemes are numerous, Bradley said.

They range from property flipping -- where homes are bought and sold multiple
times, artificially inflating the value -- to more complicated schemes such as
equity skimming.

In cases of equity skimming, lenders convince victims to quit claim their homes
to them by offering to help pay off the mortgages. The suspect then rents the
home back to the victims or others but never pays the mortgage claim.

"I am who I am today because of equity skimming," Bradley said, adding that he
met his wife on an equity skimming case in Arizona. "They (the scam artists)
received 30 years and I got a life sentence," he joked.

The common denominator in all of these cases is that they're provable, Bradley
said. But the problem is that they take time, he said. "I like to say that
Justice is blind, but she's slow as hell," Bradley said. "It takes 24 months to
investigate most of these cases and the majority of the cases that were open
three years ago are still open today."

Creating an effective partnership with other entities and the private industry
is one way to help speed the process, he said.

Another is to regulate the mortgage industry, he said. Colorado is one of just
two states where the mortgage industry isn't regulated. Alaska is the other.

Last month, the Colorado Association of Mortgage Brokers proposed such
regulation. Bradley said the regulation won't stop the crimes, but it could
lessen the damage and get unscrupulous brokers off the streets sooner.

"Because there is no regulation of the industry, the only hammer we have is
criminal prosecution," Bradley said.

With regulation, licenses can be suspended or revoked before the FBI has
finished its investigation, which would help keep the damage that they do to a
minimum.



-----

To see more of The Pueblo Chieftain, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.chieftain.com. Copyright (c) 2005, The Pueblo Chieftain, Colo.

Distributed by Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News.

For information on republishing this content, contact us at (800) 661-2511
(U.S.), (213) 237-4914 (worldwide), fax (213) 237-6515, or e-mail
reprints@krtinfo.com.

LOAD-DATE: November 4, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

KR-ACC-NO: PB-MORTGAGE-FRAUD-20051103

JOURNAL-CODE: PB

               Copyright 2005 Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News
                 Copyright 2005 The Pueblo Chieftain (Colorado)

                             362 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                      July 15, 1994, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Good card can stop fraud

BYLINE: Dan Stein

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 14A

LENGTH: 363 words


A decade-old plan to create a counterfeit-resistant work-welfare eligibility
document to help stop illegal immigration got a boost when the Commission on
Immigration Reform hinted this week that it might recommend the idea.

This tame proposal is endorsed by Democrats and Republicans. California's Dianne
Feinstein and Pete Wilson support it. Polls by Time, Roper and Field show most
Americans do, too. The Los Angeles Times, San Diego Union and Sacramento Bee nod
approval. Liberals such as Barbara Jordan and the Rev. Theodore Hesburgh, who've
chaired our last two major immigration commissions - are also on board.

So why the flak? Because the idea got mislabeled as a sinister-sounding
"national ID card." Ridiculous.

In a country where the average American now carries a driver's license, credit
cards, calling cards, bank cards and leaves electronic fingerprints all over
town, isn't it time to improve the integrity of America's birth records and make
the Social Security card fraud-proof?

Americans are comfortable with today's technologies and want illegal immigration
stopped. With secure documents, we could do it. Without them, we can't.

There would be other benefits. A secure identification system would save us
money, reduce welfare fraud, voter fraud and tax cheating, while improving
delivery of vital government services and reducing discrimination.

Most compelling is the fact that illegal immigration pressures are growing fast.
You heard it here first: These are the "good old days." Unless we take steps now
to improve our ability to tell who's here legally and who's not, we're going to
lose the nation.

Because of birth-record fraud, our citizenship is built on a foundation of sand.
Americans may not notice it, but criminals and smugglers do. Crime rings know
that if you've got a good laser printer, you can become a citizen of the USA -
by making a phony birth certificate and Social Security card. That's all it
takes to make the phony foundation for other state and federal documents and
benefits.

We're taking steps to secure the currency of the USA against fraud. Isn't it
time our citizenship is given the same protection?

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Debate

THE EDITORIAL PAGE; Today's debate; PROVING CITIZENSHIP; OPPOSING VIEW;
Americans accept today's technologies and want illegal immigration stopped.; Dan
Stein is executive director of the Federation for American Immigration Reform,
Washington, D.C.

                      Copyright 1994 Gannett Company, Inc.

                             363 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             May 12, 2011 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

Sports-Gear Firm Accused of Bilking Schools

BYLINE: By RICHARD PEREZ-PENA

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 26

LENGTH: 748 words


NEWARK -- A company that sold and refurbished athletic equipment used fraud to
wring millions of dollars from more than 100 schools, most of them in New
Jersey, sometimes with the collusion of school officials, federal prosecutors
charged on Wednesday.

An indictment unsealed in Federal District Court here described an elaborate,
decade-long scheme by Circle System Group of Easton, Pa., to bill for work that
was never done, inflate prices, collect twice for the same jobs and submit bogus
contract bids. The indictment said the company curried favor with school
officials by lavishing gifts like computers, televisions and golf outings on
them -- and recouped that money by charging the schools for fake expenses.

A partial list of those that the government said participated or were victimized
in the fraud, included in the indictment, named 22 New Jersey high schools, the
Newark and Jersey City school systems, and Rutgers and Monmouth Universities.

Two Circle executives, Mitchell Kurlander and Alan Abeshaus, were charged with
conspiracy, and Mr. Kurlander was charged with 21 counts of wire fraud and mail
fraud.

Elements of the case had been previously made public, when another executive,
David Drill, and former officials at Long Branch High School and Elizabeth High
School pleaded guilty to taking part in the conspiracy. But prosecutors said the
new indictment showed for the first time the scope of the fraud, which they said
spanned schools in 11 states.

''We're talking about a very extensive and long-running fraud,'' Eric T.
Kanefsky, an assistant United States attorney, said as the defendants appeared
in court here, where they were released. ''Both the defendants reaped millions
of dollars.''

The indictment charged that in some cases, school officials were complicit in
the fraud, though it did not identify them. Law enforcement officials would not
say whether anyone else could be indicted.

Mr. Kurlander's lawyer, William A. DeStefano, called the charges ''only
allegations at this point, and frankly, we think they're terribly overblown, and
he will be pleading not guilty.''

Mr. Abeshaus's lawyer, Kevin H. Marino, said the charge against his client
should be dismissed because, under the law, too much time had passed since the
events involved took place.

Circle was a major contractor in selling athletic equipment to schools and
reconditioning used equipment. Mr. Kurlander, 52, of Allentown, Pa., was the
chief financial officer, and his father-in-law, Mr. Abeshaus, 79, who lives in
Florida, was described in the indictment as ''the de facto chief executive
officer.''

The company was bought in 2005 by Schutt Holdings, though prosecutors contend
that Mr. Kurlander's fraudulent acts continued into 2007.

Circle would submit to schools both a bill and an invoice that looked nearly
identical to the bill, and schools would often unwittingly pay twice for the
same work, the indictment said. The executives are charged with netting $970,000
that way, and with funneling that money into an account that was kept secret
from most employees. Prosecutors said most of the money was used by Mr. Abeshaus
to pay down a mortgage on the company's headquarters.

The indictment lists more than $40,000 in gifts allegedly given by Circle to
unnamed school officials, with the bulk of that spent on several schools.

It claims almost $14,000 spent on someone at Long Branch High School, including
gifts of two computers, a flat-screen television, a video camera, a video-game
console, music CDs and other items. More than $7,000 in gifts are shown going to
someone at Elizabeth High School, including clothes, tickets to football games,
a golf outing and meals.

In November, a former Long Branch athletic director, Charles Ferrara Jr.,
pleaded guilty in the case, and in February, Robert Firestone, a former
Elizabeth official, did the same. Both admitted they had directed Circle to
submit falsified bills to their schools to cover the gifts.

The indictment lists more than $6,000 in gifts, including a computer, video
equipment and golf equipment given to someone at Barnegat Township High School.
Calls to the Barnegat school system, and to several others that turn up
repeatedly in the indictment, were not returned on Wednesday.

Circle often contributed cash to fund-raising events for schools and then
fraudulently billed to cover those donations, too, prosecutors charged. They
also said Circle falsified bids from its competitors, so schools could comply
with multiple-bid rules.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Alan Abeshaus, left, and Mitchell Kurlander of Circle System
Group leaving federal court Wednesday in Newark. (PHOTOGRAPH BY DANIEL BARRY FOR
THE NEW YORK TIMES)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 The New York Times Company

                             364 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                 Republican & Herald (Pottsville, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              April 6, 2012 Friday

Former owner of Schuylkill Products found guilty in fraud case

BYLINE: Stephen J. Pytak, Republican & Herald, Pottsville, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 622 words


April 06--The former president and chief executive officer of now-defunct
Schuylkill Products Inc. has made history, being convicted in landmark case
involving a multi-million dollar fraud against the federal government.

"According to the U.S. Department of Transportation, this scheme, which lasted
for over 15 years and involved over $136 million in government contracts, is the
largest reported Disadvantaged Business Enterprise fraud in the nation's
history," Peter J. Smith, a U.S. attorney from the Middle District of
Pennsylvania, said in a news release Friday.

Following a four-week trial at the U.S. District Court in Harrisburg before, a
jury debated whether Joseph W. Nagle, Deerfield Beach, Fla., committed 30 counts
of conspiracy, mail fraud, wire fraud and money laundering between 1993 and 2008
to help his company cover up the fact that Marikina Construction Corp., West
Haven, Conn., was merely a front for Schuylkill Products.

Late Thursday, the jury found Nagle guilty of 26 of 30 fraud charges, Smith
said.

Nagle will face numerous years in prison and thousands of dollars in fines, but
no date has yet been set for sentencing, Smith said.

The charges he was found guilty of included conspiracy to defraud the United
States Department of Transportation, 11 counts of wire fraud, six counts of mail
fraud and 11 counts of money laundering, Smith said.

"Nagle faces up to five years imprisonment on the conspiracy count, up to 20
years imprisonment on each of the wire and mail fraud counts and up to 10 years
imprisonment on the money laundering conspiracy and each of the money laundering
counts," Smith said.

Nagle will also face $250,000 in fines and mandatory restitution on each of the
convictions, Smith said.

He was acquitted on four counts of wire fraud, Smith said.

The United States Department of Transportation provides billions of dollars a
year to states and municipalities for the construction and maintenance of
highways and mass transit systems. This is done on the condition that small
businesses, owned and operated by disadvantaged individuals, receive a fair
share of those federal funds, Smith said.

In Pennsylvania, the Pennsylvania Department of Transportation and the
Southeastern Pennsylvania Transportation Authority receive those funds and they
require contractors to award a percentage of their subcontracts to eligible
disadvantaged business enterprises, Smith said.

"Mr. Nagle was convicted of participating in a scheme which ran from 1993 to
2008, where he and other executives at Schuylkill Products Inc. diverted over
300 PennDOT and SEPTA construction contracts to Schuylkill Products Inc. and CDS
Engineeers Inc. that were reserved for eligible disadvantaged business
enterprises. Mr. Nagle and his co-conspirators executed the scheme by using a
small Connecticut highway construction firm known as Marikina Construction
Corporation as a front company to obtain these lucrative government contracts,"
Smith said.

Romeo P. Cruz, a Filipino, owned Marikina, which enabled it to be classified as
a Disadvantaged Business Enterprise under federal law, making it eligible to
obtain certain construction contracts. That, in turn, enabled Schuylkill
Products and it subsidiary, CDS Engineers Inc., to use Marikina as a front that
let them do the actual construction work, prosecutors said.

Cruz and three Schuylkill Products executives, including Chief Operating Officer
Ernest G. Fink, Orwigsburg, pleaded guilty in connection with the conspiracy.

Schuylkill Products now is Northeast Prestressed Products LLC, and is under new
ownership.

___ (c)2012 the Republican & Herald (Pottsville, Pa.) Visit the Republican &
Herald (Pottsville, Pa.) at republicanherald.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120406-RN-Former-owner-of-Schuylkill-Products-found-guilty-in-fraud
-case-0406-20120406

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RN


                       Copyright 2012 Republican & Herald

                             365 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                     The Journal Record (Oklahoma City, OK)

                           November 11, 2003 Tuesday

OKC Financial Briefs November 11, 2003

BYLINE: Journal Record staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1231 words


MidFirst Bank has started a new program - Bank of the Future - to promote area
schools.

For each new checking account opened by Jan. 31, MidFirst will donate $30 to the
school of the customer's choice. The money will be used to purchase classroom
supplies.

The future of Oklahoma is in school classrooms across our state," said Bob Dilg,
president of MidFirst Bank. "It is vital to our success as a state that we
support our students and teachers in every way possible.

"School districts across the state have had budget cuts. As the districts deal
with shortfalls, teachers and students live with the reality of the reductions
in the classroom every day."

There is no limit to how much a school can earn. If 100 households open a new
MidFirst Bank checking account, the school can receive $3,000.

When customers go in to open new accounts, they will be asked to designate the
school to receive the donation. That way parents can name their child's specific
school, not just the district. Only one school can be designated for each
account opened.

The Bank on the Future program is not limited to parents and teachers, nor is it
limited to districts where MidFirst has banking centers.

Donations will be compiled and distributed throughout the program.

MidFirst has 39 banking center locations across Oklahoma.

Advanced Financial Solutions

Advanced Financial Solutions of Oklahoma City said that Commerce Bank, of Cherry
Hill, N.J., plans to use AFS ImageVision Fraud Detection software applications
in the bank's 220 branches.

AFS ImageVision Fraud Detection software applications were designed to protect
financial institutions and their customers from most check frauds before they
become losses.

Prior to implementing the AFS ImageVision Fraud Detection software applications,
Commerce Bank had been using a non-image based system that focused on
transaction-based fraud such as duplicate check numbers and various other
unusual patterns of account-related activity. Commerce Bank opened 41 branches
in 2002 and plans to expand from 220 branch offices to 375 by end of 2005.

Commerce Bank processes more than 1 million items a day. Commerce Bank selected
AFS and the ImageVision Fraud Detection software applications, including Fraud
Detection Filters and TellerVision. Commerce Bank implemented AFS Positive Pay
and Payee Recognition in October.

The AFS ImageVision Fraud Detection Filters can be calibrated to catch specific
types of check fraud on contact, such as "new account" or "counterfeit" check
fraud.

"The AFS ImageVision Fraud Detection Software is another example of how we are
leveraging imaging technology to save financial institutions and their valued
customers millions of dollars in potential fraud losses," said Gary Nelson, AFS
president and CEO.

Founded in 1992, AFS was one of the first companies to offer image and item
processing technology based on the Microsoft Windows NT operating environment.

Bank2 offers CDARS

Bank2 says it is the first Native American bank in the nation to offer customers
the opportunity to invest millions of dollars in Federal Deposit Insurance Corp.
insured deposits.

Through Bank2's new Certificate of Deposit Account Registry Service, or CDARS
program, private investors, nonprofits, municipalities, corporations, Indian
tribal governments, Indian tribal enterprises, Indian housing authorities,
foundations and small businesses have option of making weekly FDIC insured
deposits, up to $1.5 million or more.

"Now large depositors can earn CD-level interest while at the same time having
the assurance their funds are not only insured by the FDIC, but they also enjoy
the added convenience of dealing with just one bank and a whole lot less
paperwork," said Ross A. Hill, Bank2 president and CEO.

Deposits are all FDIC insured with just one document."

Eugene Ludwig, former U.S. comptroller of the currency and Alan Blinder, former
vice chairman of the Federal Reserve, developed the CDARS program.

The CDARS program works because member banks have established a
reciprocal-banking network administered by Promontory Interfinancial Network.
Because the bank receiving the large deposit allocates portions of the deposit
into other CDARS participating banks, in amounts of $100,000 or less, all of the
deposit is FDIC insured. The customer makes one deposit in one account at one
bank but the entire amount is FDIC insured because of the way the bank
administers the customers account.

"Instead of dealing with multiple bankers and multiple pieces of required
paperwork, our customers have the convenience and peace-of-mind knowing they are
dealing directly with us," Hill said.

Bank2, a $43 million full-service financial institution based in Oklahoma City,
is owned by the Chickasaw Nation.

BancFirst

BancFirst has announced additions and promotions in the Trust & Investment
Management Division.

Brad L. Zerger has been promoted to vice president and serves as a trust
investment officer in the Investment Management Group. He joined BancFirst in
2001 and works with private and corporate trust clients throughout the state.
Zerger is a graduate of Cameron University. Before joining BancFirst, Zerger
managed an Oklahoma City investment office specializing in financial planning
and investment management for individuals and closely held businesses. Zerger
has recently earned the right to use the chartered financial analyst
designation.

James L. Maddux has joined the Tulsa office of BancFirst Trust & Investment as
business development officer and trust administrator. He is also a trust officer
with the group. Maddux is a graduate of the University of Tulsa.

John D. LeForce has joined the BancFirst Personal Trust Group in Oklahoma City
as vice president and trust officer. LeForce has more than 18 years of
experience in oil and gas industry and in corporate real estate management.
LeForce will be managing oil and gas and real estate assets for BancFirst Trust
and Investment Management.

LeForce is a graduate of Oklahoma State University and is a certified
hydrologist and is licensed as a remediation consultant by the Oklahoma
Corporation Commission.

BancFirst Trust and Investment Management oversees more than $2 billion in trust
assets.

Carothers promoted

Sharon Carothers has been elected banking officer and retail banking center
manager of Union Bank's North May Avenue location.

Carothers' 31 years of banking experience includes in-store branch management,
operations, loans, sales, customer service, and personal banker at the North May
Retail Banking Center.

Challenge Mortgage opens Edmond office

Challenge Mortgage has opened a branch office at 930 Robtrice Court in Edmond.
Scott Fikes, who has lived in Edmond for 11 years, is manager of the Edmond
branch. He has more than 15 years of experience in wholesale mortgage lending.
Challenge has more than 300 branches.

Hull named to board of directors

Paul T. Hull of Legacy Bank in Elk City has been elected to the board of
directors of the Independent Community Bankers of America. Hull is western
regional president for Legacy Bank. His duties with the community bank trade
group include membership recruitment and retention and acting as a liaison
between independent bankers in Oklahoma and the Independent Community Bankers of
America's staff in Washington.

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Financing

                      Copyright 2003 Dolan Media Newswires
                                All Rights Reserved

                             366 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               India Energy News

                        July 15, 2013 Monday 6:30 AM EST

BP Launches Gulf Claims Fraud Hotline

LENGTH: 477  words


New Delhi, July 15 -- BP today launched the Gulf Claims Fraud Hotline to help
protect the integrity of the claims processes relating to the Deepwater Horizon
oil spill.



The Fraud Hotline is a reliable resource for people who want to do the right
thing and report fraud or corruption. Reports should be made of any fraudulent
or corrupt activity, no matter where in the claims process it occurs - whether
in the solicitation of the claim by attorneys, accountants or other claims
preparation services, the preparation of the financial records and claim
application, or the processing of the claim - and no matter whether the claim
was filed with BP, the Gulf Coast Claims Facility (GCCF), or the Court
Supervised Settlement Program (CSSP).

The launch of the hotline comes as federal law enforcement officials are
clamping down on cases of fraud and other abuses in the claims process. In
recent months, U.S. attorneys in Florida, Alabama and Louisiana have secured
guilty pleas and convictions against multiple individuals for attempting to
defraud the claims process and take money to which they are not entitled under
the law.

What's more, in the face of troubling allegations of unethical and potentially
criminal corrupt behavior within the CSSP itself, the Court has appointed Louis
Freeh, former federal judge and Director of the FBI, as Special Master. Judge
Freeh is leading an independent investigation of the CSSP with wide latitude to
look for "possible ethical violations or misconduct."

The launch of the Gulf Claims Fraud Hotline is particularly timely because the
CSSP spends substantially less than the GCCF spent to combat fraud. This seems
inappropriate given that the GCCF's fraud detection program enabled it to
identify more than 7,000 claims as "multi-claimant scams or even efforts at
criminal fraud." The GCCF referred more than half of these to the U.S.
Department of Justice for criminal investigation.

Anyone with knowledge of fraud or corruption should report it by dialing,
toll-free, 1-855-NO-2-FRAUD (1-855-662-3728). All reports can be made
anonymously.

Tips received through the Hotline will be reviewed and referred for further
evaluation, if warranted, to fraud investigators at the CSSP, the National
Center for Disaster Fraud, or other law enforcement agencies. Tips that lead
directly to an indictment, a recovery of money paid, or the denial of a claim
because of fraud or corruption may entitle the reporter to a reward.

While BP continues to take steps to stamp out fraud and corruption and assure
the integrity of the claims process, the company remains committed to the Gulf
and to the payment of legitimate claims for real losses. So far, BP has spent
$14 billion on response and cleanup to help restore the environment. The company
has also paid more than 300,000 claims totaling over $11 billion to help restore
the Gulf economy.

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2013 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved

                             367 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              accountingtoday.com

                               December 13, 2015

Tax Fraud Blotter: Tax Lady to Get New Number

BYLINE: Jeff Stimpson

SECTION: TAX PRACTICE Vol. 1 No. 1

LENGTH: 757  words


A roundup of some of our favorite new tax fraud cases.

Opelousas, La.: Frances Owens, 36, and Kevin White, 33, both of Washington, La.,
have pleaded guilty to one count of identity theft income tax refunds.

According to their plea, Owens worked as a tax preparer at Dee's Tax Service in
2013 and filed false 2012 individual returns for at least two clients who didn't
authorize her to do so. Owens took steps to ensure that the victims' refunds
were sent to Dee's instead of the victims' residences. Owens and her boyfriend
White then forged the victims' signatures and obtained false IDs in the names of
the victims to cash the checks.

The defendants face up to 15 years in prison, three years of supervised release,
a $250,000 fine and an order to pay restitution.

Davie, Fla.: CPA Pamella B. Watson, 61, has been sentenced to 78 months in
prison to be followed by three years of supervised release and been ordered to
pay $3,684,921.20 in restitution for using her preparation business to
facilitate an income tax refund fraud.

According to court documents, Watson, who previously pled guilty to one count of
wire fraud and who operated Watson & Associates Business Services in Miami,
prepared a return and provided a client a copy showing a refund amount or an
amount payable to the IRS. Without the client's knowledge or authorization, the
figures on the return were changed and a return showing a higher refund amount
was filed with the IRS. The client's bank account received the refund amount
reflected on the copy from Watson; the remainder of the refund went into an
account controlled by Watson.

Court documents state that Watson prepared approximately 557 Forms 1040 for tax
years 2010 through 2013 for clients and that some 71 percent had refunds split
into an account controlled by Watson or the entire refund diverted into Watson's
bank account. From about January 2011 through September 2014, she deposited
$3,405,479.20 of client refunds from 183 individual taxpayers into accounts she
controlled.

According to court documents, Watson also diverted checks totaling $222,676 into
her personal IRS account and an additional $56,766 in IRS payments from Watson's
clients was applied to an associate's tax account. These checks were generated
by clients who were informed by defendant Watson that they were paying their own
tax liability.

Concord, N.H.: Preparer Okello Odongo, 36, of Snellville, Ga., has been indicted
on 19 counts of filing false returns and fraudulently obtaining refunds.

Odongo is formerly of Manchester, N.H., where he operated Tax Smart Solutions
Co. The indictment alleges that in 2011 and 2012 Odongo filed false returns on
behalf of some clients that overstated the refunds owed and that he filed
Allocation of Refund Forms that directed the IRS to electronically deposit the
fraudulent portions of the refunds to bank accounts Odongo held or had access
to. None of Odongo's clients knew that he used their doctored returns as a
vehicle to defraud the IRS.

Odongo has pleaded not guilty to the pending charges. Trial is January 5. If
convicted, Odongo faces a maximum of five years in prison on each of the 19
counts.

Atlantic City, N.J.: Preparer Tinh Van Vo, 59, of Egg Harbor Township, N.J., has
been convicted on 10 counts of aiding and assisting in the preparation of false
returns.

According to documents filed in this case and the evidence at trial, Vo prepared
and filed fraudulent U.S. individual income tax returns through his business,
TVO Services. The returns attached schedules for fictitious educational credits,
charitable contributions and job expenses, all to fraudulently inflate refunds.

Each false return count carries a maximum of three years in prison and a
$250,000 fine. Sentencing is March 9.

Kalamazoo, Mich.: Preparer Fontrice Lenee Charles, 39, has been found guilty of
27 felony tax charges.

Charles, who ran the tax prep business #1 Tax Lady, was found guilty of 25
counts of filing false returns on behalf of clients between Jan. 17, 2011, and
Feb. 4, 2014. Each of these counts carries a maximum of five years in prison and
other penalties.

Evidence showed that Charles supplied false information to inflate refunds.
Charles prepared a total of 967 phony returns during the three years above,
resulting in some $4 million in improper refunds. The jury also found Charles
guilty of filing her own false returns for 2010 and 2011 that inadequately
reported her income and claimed a deceased person as a dependent. Each of these
offenses carries a maximum penalty of three years in prison.

URL: http://www.accountingtoday.com

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBCPA_NEWS


                        Copyright 2015 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             368 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Pittsburgh Post-Gazette (Pennsylvania)

                              June 15, 2007 Friday
                                 SOONER EDITION

FEDS IN OHIO INDICT LOCAL INVESTMENT MANAGER

BYLINE: STEVE EDER AND JAMES DREW, BLOCK NEWS ALLIANCE

SECTION: TRI-STATE; Pg. B-4

LENGTH: 645 words

DATELINE: COLUMBUS, Ohio


Mark D. Lay, a Pittsburgh-based investment manager, fraudulently caused the Ohio
Bureau of Workers' Compensation to lose $216 million in an off-shore hedge fund
he managed for the agency, federal authorities alleged yesterday in a four-count
felony indictment.

The indictment, handed down by a grand jury in Cleveland, charged the
43-year-old Aliquippa native with engaging in investment advisory fraud, mail
fraud, and conspiracy to commit mail fraud and wire fraud. Prosecutors also are
seeking forfeiture of $1.79 million, which is a portion of what Mr. Lay's firm
collected in management fees from the bureau.

The charges stem from Mr. Lay's handling of $355 million in various investments
for the state agency's insurance fund. In 2004, Mr. Lay's MDL Capital management
lost $216 million in bureau money, nearly all of the agency's $225 million
placement in a Bermuda-based hedge fund.

After a two-year investigation, prosecutors accused Mr. Lay of committing fraud
by overleveraging the investment well beyond what was allowed under his contract
with the bureau, leading to the losses. Prosecutors also allege that Mr. Lay --
and others who were not named or charged -- schemed to deliberately mislead the
bureau and others about the leveraging of the investment.

"Those entrusted to manage public funds owe the public a duty of good faith,
loyalty, and fair dealing," said Greg White, the U.S. attorney for the Northern
District of Ohio. "When that trust is violated, offenders must be held
accountable."

If convicted, Mr. Lay could face up to 20 years in prison and hundreds of
thousands of dollars in fines.

The state's failed pact with Mr. Lay first came to light in June, 2005, after
The Blade began investigating problems in the bureau's investment department and
in its $50 million rare-coin venture with former Toledo-area coin dealer and GOP
insider Tom Noe.

Mr. Lay and his attorneys at the time defended MDL's handling of the investment,
claiming Mr. Lay was being used as a scapegoat and saying bureau officials
understood Mr. Lay's strategy and were aware of the leveraging of the
investment. Mr. Lay and his attorneys did not return messages yesterday seeking
comment.

Mr. Lay is the 19th person who has been charged in the two-year investigation of
corruption at the bureau since The Blade began reporting on the agency. In
total, 16 money managers and public officials have been convicted on charges
stemming from the wide-ranging state and federal task force.

Mr. Lay, who has a degree from Columbia University in New York, was an account
executive at Dean Witter Reynolds before he founded MDL in 1992.

In 1998, the bureau first hired MDL to operate a bond fund. Five years later,
the bureau agreed with a proposal from the firm to create a fund aimed at
hedging risk -- the active duration fund.

In September, 2003, Terrence Gasper, then the bureau's chief financial officer,
transferred $100 million from the bond account with MDL to purchase shares in
the hedge fund. Last year, a state audit said Gasper transferred the money
"without any supporting documentation justifying the transfer."

The bureau invested another $100 million in the hedge fund in May, 2004.

Mr. Gasper, who was forced to resign in October, 2004, for his handling of the
MDL investment, was sentenced last month to five years and four months in prison
after pleading guilty to massive corruption charges last year.

In September, 2004, after Mr. Gasper and former chief financial officer Jim
McLean confronted Mr. Lay about the poor performance of the hedge fund -- which
was worth just $57 million despite the initial investment of $200 million -- he
said he had overleveraged the fund by 900 percent even though it was in reality
4500 percent, according to the indictment.

The bureau was able to recoup only $9 million of its $225 million investment in
the hedge fund, the indictment said.

LOAD-DATE: June 15, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Steve Eder and James Drew are staff writers for The Blade of Toledo,
Ohio.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2007 P.G. Publishing Co.

                             369 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 Network World

                                August 31, 1992

Insurer adds phone fraud protection

BYLINE: By Bob Brown, Senior Editor

SECTION: TOP NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 635 words

DATELINE: HARTFORD, Conn.


The Travelers Corp. last week invited corporate network users under its umbrella
of protection with the introduction of the first broad insurance policy designed
to cover losses from toll fraud.

The Travelers' Remote Access Toll Fraud Policy, which covers losses up to $1
million a year, addresses a growing problem that experts claim costs U.S.
businesses more than $2 billion annually.

The Travelers' policy comes on the heels of toll fraud protection plans offered
by several other sources. In March, Aetna Life and Casualty Co. unveiled a
policy for banks that covers losses due to toll fraud and other
technology-oriented crimes.

While not directly comparable, AT&T and Sprint Corp. have also launched toll
fraud monitoring and liability protection services for their customers in recent
months. MCI Communications Corp. is readying a package, but further details were
not available.

"When you see an outside company getting into this business, that's a sign toll
fraud is a significant issue," said Mike Kilbane, general manager of systems
development at Diamond Shamrock Refining and Marketing Company, Inc. in San
Antonio, Texas.

Robert Rosenberg, president of Insight Research Corp., a Livingston, N.J.,
market research firm, said The Travelers is hoping to tap into a ground swell of
concern.

"The insurance industry will do nothing on a whim," he said. "[It] always
requires hard numbers to quantify a problem before really addressing it. There's
a market for this."

The Travelers' policy is designed to cover losses from remote access toll fraud
-- typically involving unauthorized individuals tapping into a company's private
branch exchanges and stealing long-distance calls, said Frank Scheckton Jr.,
director of commercial crime insurance at the insurance firm. The policy will
not cover internal phone fraud, but the company has other plans covering
employee crime that can be packaged with the new toll fraud policy at a
discounted rate.

Toll fraud policies can be purchased covering losses ranging between $50,000 and
$1 million a year. The highest end policy will carry a $49,000 premium and a
$100,000 deductible. A $50,000 policy has a $2,500 premium and a $5,000
deductible.

The Travelers has introduced its policy in response to customer and broker
demand, Scheckton said. The toll fraud crisis is growing for a number of
reasons, including the depressed economy, he explained.

"It's surprising how many companies don't realize that their PBXs have a remote
access feature and that they are at risk," Scheckton said.

John Haugh, chairman of Telecommunications Advisors, Inc., a Portland, Ore.,
consulting firm, said the good news about The Travelers' new policy is that it
gives users more options for protection.

But he pointed out that the policy is more expensive than the carriers'
liability protection plans and does not include any network monitoring, as do
AT&T and Sprint.

Scheckton acknowledged that The Travelers may need to adjust pricing after
evaluating customer claims. Another challenge will be evaluating claims for toll
fraud losses since pinpointing illegal calls is not always easy, he said.

Paul Evenson, a vice-president in the telecommunications group at Montgomery
Securities in San Francisco, said there will be a market for toll fraud
protection packages from insurance companies and carriers. But an internal
battle could ensue within companies between net managers and chief financial
officers (CFO) over whether to buy such policies from carriers or insurance
companies, he added.

"Network managers are probably going to want to go with their personal carrier,
as that should help to make the carrier work harder to prevent toll fraud," he
said. "On the other hand, the CFO might want to go with the company's
established insurer."

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1992 Network World, Inc.

                             370 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald Tribune (Florida)

                             March 2, 2010 Tuesday

Nadel statement reveals crime's breadth

BYLINE: MICHAEL POLLICK

SECTION: D; ARTICLE; Pg. D01

LENGTH: 552 words


Confessed Ponzi schemer gave a starting date for his fraud on investors

When he changed his plea to guilty on Feb. 24, former Sarasota securities trader
Arthur G. Nadel essentially admitted running a massive Ponzi scheme from
downtown Sarasota that started in 2002 if not earlier.

Count 4, among the 15 that Nadel pleaded guilty to committing, alleges
securities fraud in Valhalla Investment Partners "from at least in or about 1999
to in or about January 2009."

The year 1999 was when Nadel graduated from investment clubs to hedge funds. It
was the year Nadel's former business associate Neil Moody opened Valhalla
Investment Partners, the first of six hedge funds for which the two men shared
$97 million in unwarranted performance fees.

In jail since his arrest in January 2009, Nadel, appearing pale and weak,
pleaded guilty in Manhattan federal court to 15 fraud counts, including
securities fraud, mail fraud, and wire fraud.

The Herald-Tribune obtained the transcript of the Feb. 24 court proceedings.

At the hearing, Nadel, 77, did not indicate whether he is cooperating with
prosecutors in their ongoing investigation of the hedge fund operation run from
Main Street in Sarasota.

But the transcript does bring home the weighty implications of his own actions.

U.S. District Judge John Koeltl made sure Nadel understood the implications of
his plea change, including the fact that he was pleading to 15 counts with
maximum sentences of 20 years each.

"So you are facing a potential maximum sentence of imprisonment of 300 years. Do
you understand that?" Koeltl asked Nadel.

"Yes, I do," Nadel answered.

The judge also asked a question that could become important if the ongoing
federal investigation of the hedge fund operation results in any other
indictments: "Has anyone offered you any inducements or threatened you or forced
you to plead guilty or to enter into this plea agreement?"

"No, sir," Nadel said.

Koeltl asked Nadel's appointed public defender, Mark Gombiner, "Do you know of
any valid defense that would prevail at the trial of Mr. Nadel?"

"No, your honor," Gombiner said.

Nadel read a statement that he and Gombiner had prepared together, and added a
few words of contrition of his own at the end. After Nadel's statement, the
judge asked Assistant U.S. Attorney Maria Douvas to review the basic evidence
that the government would have presented at the trial that was supposed to start
on April 26. Douvas said a combination of documents and witnesses would prove
Nadel's guilt.

"The documents would entail the account statements that Mr. Nadel and others
mailed to investors that showed certain returns and certain values of the funds
in contrast to the actual bank and brokerage statements," Douvas said. She added
that the statements and records "go from 1999 to 2009."

Neither she nor Nadel mentioned the decision to commingle the money from all six
hedge funds into one trading account at Shoreline Trading, an affiliate of
Goldman Sachs.

Presumably, Neil Moody and his son Christopher Moody, who were co-partners on
three of the six hedge funds, had a voice in that decision.

Another unaddressed issue was how the Moodys could claim ignorance as to the
actual bank and brokerage firm balances. They claimed a year ago that the
suddenly missing $392 million included $10 million of their own family money.

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Arthur G. Nadel systematically ticked off each count of the indictment
against him and admitted that he knowingly broke the law in each case. FULL
NADEL STATEMENT, 2D

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             371 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           The Mercury (South Africa)

                             May 22, 2014 Thursday
                                   E1 Edition

Hawks, US bust cyber fraud ring

BYLINE:  Tebogo Monama

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 344 words


A GLOBAL multi-million dollar cybercrime ring operating mainly from Sunnyside,
Pretoria, was bust by the Hawks and their US counterparts this week.

The Hawks and the US Immigration and Customs Enforcement Homeland Security
Investigations arrested 24 people across three countries, |including 12 in South
Africa, for cyber fraud.

The US Homeland Security said the West African trans-|national organised crime
ring was involved in numerous complex financial fraud schemes.

The fraud includes internet dating, reshipping scams, work-at-home scams and
other financial and credit card fraud.

The 12 appeared in the |Pretoria Magistrate's Court yesterday on charges of
fraud and theft and will be extradited to the US where they will be prosecuted
in Mississippi.

Hawks spokesman Captain Paul Ramaloko said they would be remanded until the
extradition application had been completed.

When the 11 Nigerians and a South African woman were arrested earlier this week,
computers, laptops, cellphones and notebooks were seized.

According to police, Nigerians were arrested in Canada and Indianapolis and
Atlanta in the US. Seven American |citizens were also arrested in New York,
Georgia and Indiana among other places.

The investigation into the crimes was initiated by the Homeland Security
Investigations in 2011 after a woman |was scammed when she met someone on an
online dating site. She received a package from her suitor and was asked to
reship it to Pretoria.

A police investigation found the package had been bought using stolen personal
information and fraudulent credit |card information.

Once the shipped packages arrived in Pretoria, the suspects advertised them for
sale on the internet.

Some of the companies that lost money in the scams include the US Postal
Service, DHL and Federal Express.

Homeland Security Pretoria attache Abraham Lugo said: "Our collaboration with
the SA Police Service, Interpol and other government agencies will also increase
public awareness of these crimes |and hopefully will prevent |people from
falling victim to these schemes in the future."

LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NM


                Copyright 2014 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved

                             372 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 3, 2013 Saturday

Missouri: st. louis man sentenced on fraud charges

LENGTH: 204  words

DATELINE: Jefferson City


United States Attorney's Office for the Eastern District of Missouri has issued
the following press release:

JAY DUNLAP of St. Louis County was sentenced to 60 months in prison for
orchestrating two real estate fraud schemes.  After a jury trial in April,
Dunlap was convicted of bank fraud and wire fraud in connection with the
financing of two residential properties between 2005 and 2009.  At that time,
Dunlap was the owner of A-Team Mortgage company and fraudulently used straw
buyers to obtain mortgages, the proceeds of which he controlled.  In addition to
his prison term, Dunlap was ordered to pay more than $350,000 in restitution to
the victims of his offense.

Dunlap was convicted in April of three felony counts of wire fraud, one felony
count of bank fraud and one felony count of mail fraud after a four-day trial.
He appeared today for sentencing before United States District Judge E. Richard
Webber.

The case was investigated by the U.S. Postal Inspection Service and the Federal
Housing Finance Agency Office of Inspector General. Assistant United States
Attorneys Tom Albus and Dianna Collins handled the case for the U.S. Attorney's
Office.

For more information please visit: http://www.justice.gov/usao/moe

LOAD-DATE: August 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             373 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 2, 2013 Friday

Missouri: st. louis man sentenced on fraud charges

LENGTH: 204  words

DATELINE: Jefferson City


United States Attorney's Office for the Eastern District of Missouri has issued
the following press release:

JAY DUNLAP of St. Louis County was sentenced to 60 months in prison for
orchestrating two real estate fraud schemes.  After a jury trial in April,
Dunlap was convicted of bank fraud and wire fraud in connection with the
financing of two residential properties between 2005 and 2009.  At that time,
Dunlap was the owner of A-Team Mortgage company and fraudulently used straw
buyers to obtain mortgages, the proceeds of which he controlled.  In addition to
his prison term, Dunlap was ordered to pay more than $350,000 in restitution to
the victims of his offense.

Dunlap was convicted in April of three felony counts of wire fraud, one felony
count of bank fraud and one felony count of mail fraud after a four-day trial.
He appeared today for sentencing before United States District Judge E. Richard
Webber.

The case was investigated by the U.S. Postal Inspection Service and the Federal
Housing Finance Agency Office of Inspector General. Assistant United States
Attorneys Tom Albus and Dianna Collins handled the case for the U.S. Attorney's
Office.

For more information please visit: http://www.justice.gov/usao/moe

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             374 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 1, 2013 Thursday

Missouri: st. louis man sentenced on fraud charges

LENGTH: 204  words

DATELINE: Jefferson City


United States Attorney's Office for the Eastern District of Missouri has issued
the following press release:

JAY DUNLAP of St. Louis County was sentenced to 60 months in prison for
orchestrating two real estate fraud schemes.  After a jury trial in April,
Dunlap was convicted of bank fraud and wire fraud in connection with the
financing of two residential properties between 2005 and 2009.  At that time,
Dunlap was the owner of A-Team Mortgage company and fraudulently used straw
buyers to obtain mortgages, the proceeds of which he controlled.  In addition to
his prison term, Dunlap was ordered to pay more than $350,000 in restitution to
the victims of his offense.

Dunlap was convicted in April of three felony counts of wire fraud, one felony
count of bank fraud and one felony count of mail fraud after a four-day trial.
He appeared today for sentencing before United States District Judge E. Richard
Webber.

The case was investigated by the U.S. Postal Inspection Service and the Federal
Housing Finance Agency Office of Inspector General. Assistant United States
Attorneys Tom Albus and Dianna Collins handled the case for the U.S. Attorney's
Office.

For more information please visit: http://www.justice.gov/usao/moe

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             375 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                            February 18, 2011 Friday
                            0 South Pinellas Edition

MEDICARE FRAUD SWEEP INCLUDES 10 ARRESTS IN AREA

BYLINE: JESSICA VANDER VELDE, Times Staff Writer

SECTION: TAMPA BAY; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 553 words

DATELINE: TAMPA



HIGHLIGHT: Nationwide, 111 were arrested in the case involving $225 million.


In the largest Medicare fraud case in U.S. history, law enforcement agents have
charged 111 people in nine cities with filing millions of dollars in bogus
claims.

In the Tampa Bay area, authorities charged 10 people, including clinic owners, a
pharmacy owner and a Clearwater physician. Their claims totaled about $5
million, federal officials said.

The arrests are the latest in a string of major cases over the last two years as
authorities have worked to cut down fraud that costs the government between $60
billion and $90 billion each year.

Thursday's indictments were for suspects in Tampa, Miami, Los Angeles, Dallas,
Houston, Detroit, Chicago, Brooklyn, N.Y., and Baton Rouge, La.

The government's loss: $225 million.

"We're sending a clear message that if you're involved in health care fraud, the
Department of Justice and the FBI and all our partners will ferret out these
schemes," said Steven Ibison, special agent in charge of the FBI's Tampa office.

In Clearwater, physician Jayam Krishna Iyer has been accused of submitting about
$457,000 in claims for services she did not perform.

Another doctor at Creative Health Center did the work, officials say, but that
physician did not file the claims because he is excluded from the Medicare
program due to a prior felony conviction for accepting kickbacks for referrals.

Iyer got about $165,000 for submitting the claims, a federal indictment states.

Her attorney, George Tragos, said Iyer thought she was following the law when
she submitted bills for services her employee performed. The patients received
the services and there have been no reported complaints, Tragos said.

Iyer has faced federal charges before. In 2000, she was accused of prescribing
painkillers to three undercover agents even though they told her they were not
in pain.

The charges were dropped when Iyer completed a pretrial diversion program.

However, the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration revoked her registration in
2006, saying she had violated federal law. An appeals court set aside that order
in 2007, allowing Iyer to resume prescribing.

Also arrested were:

-Abel Fuentes of Nebraska Medical Equipment in Tampa, accused of submitting $1.7
million in claims for equipment and services that were not provided.

-Five employees of Dynamic Physical Therapy Inc., accused of stealing Medicare
numbers and filing about $649,000 in fraudulent claims.

-Patrick Crisler, owner of Active Life Rehab in Inverness, accused of submitting
$1.28 million in fraudulent claims for occupational therapy services that were
not provided. Crisler used Medicaid provider numbers of licensed therapists
without their consent to bill for the never-performed services, an indictment
states.

-Mira Matchin, owner of Panseonat Miracle in Sarasota County, charged in
connection with a scheme to submit about $1 million in claims to Medicare for
physical therapy services that were not provided.

-Harsh Mehta, a New Port Richey pharmacy owner, accused of defrauding Tricare,
the Defense Department health benefits program. Officials say he billed Tricare
for medications that weren't dispensed.

Information from Times wires was used in this report. Times staff writer Jamal
Thalji and news researcher John Martin contributed to this report. Jessica
Vander Velde can be reached at (813) 226-3433 or jvandervelde@sptimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO - WILL VRAGOVIC - Times: Federal, state and county authorities
Thursday morning shut down the Cosmopolitan Clinic and Cortez Drugs in
Brooksville.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2011 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved

                             376 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                September 27, 1996, Friday, Late Edition - Final

U.S. Charges a Money Manager With Fraud in Stock Offering

BYLINE: By STEPHANIE STROM

SECTION: Section D;  Page 1;  Column 2;  Business/Financial Desk

LENGTH: 1166 words


Federal prosecutors added a postscript yesterday to the brief, bright life of
Normandy America Inc. -- whose shares traded for one day last year before its
underwriters recalled them -- charging its chairman and chief executive,
Christopher K. Bagdasarian, with conspiracy, securities fraud, bank fraud and
perjury.

Prosecutors brought the same charges against Samuel L. White, a former partner
in the Los Angeles office of Deloitte & Touche who attested to the size of Mr.
Bagdasarian's portfolio and his performance as an investment manager.

Simultaneously, the Securities and Exchange Commission sued Mr. Bagdasarian and
Mr. White, accusing them of fabricating Mr. Bagdasarian's impressive track
record to entice investors to buy Normandy America shares. "It was just
fiction," said Paul V. Gerlach, associate director of the S.E.C.'s division of
enforcement.

Still, no investors were hurt since Normandy America's shares traded just one
day, Aug. 15, 1995, before the offering was canceled, and no stock was issued
and no money changed hands.

If convicted, the criminal charges carry penalties of as much 165 years in
prison and fines of at least $5.75 million.

Mr. Bagdasarian, who lives on an estate in Montecito, Calif., that has been
compared to Versailles, pleaded not guilty in a brief appearance in Federal
District Court in Manhattan yesterday and was released on a $5 million bond. His
lawyers did not return calls left at their offices late yesterday.

Jared L. Kopel, the lawyer representing Mr. White in the civil case, said his
client "denies the allegations and will contest them."

Normandy America, a reinsurer -- a company that sells insurance to insurance
companies -- attracted an unusual amount of interest from its inception. Its
prospectus boasted that Mr. Bagdasarian, who was then 30, had single-handedly
engineered returns averaging 29.1 percent and had accumulated assets worth
$731.3 million during the 10 years ending December 1994, when he set up a
reinsurance business.

The company attracted a blue-chip board of directors, including Peter V.
Ueberroth, the former baseball commissioner, and W. Brian Little, a partner in
Forstmann Little & Company, the buyout firm.

Mr. Bagdasarian's private life was also a subject of conversation in New York
financial circles, where he was almost as well known for marrying his high
school English teacher, Victoria Briggs, as for his investment acumen.

But according to the charges brought yesterday, everything but his marriage to
Ms. Briggs, who was vice chairwoman of the company, was a sham.

"This is audacious even by our standards," Mr. Gerlach said. "I personally have
never had a case like this, where someone comes in and tells the big lie and
makes it up out of whole cloth as he goes along."

In a news release, Mary Jo White, the United States Attorney in Manhattan,
called Normandy America's public offering a "fraudulent scheme," saying that it
began in 1992 when Mr. Bagdasarian approached Chemical Bank for an $8 million
letter of credit, which he needed to buy a Gulfstream IV airplane. He
represented himself to the bank as a highly successful portfolio manager, and
Mr. White submitted a letter on Deloitte letterhead confirming that his
portfolio was worth more than $179 million, according to the charges.

Mr. White wrote 13 more letters to Chemical over the course of the next two
years, supposedly verifying Mr. Bagdasarian's investment prowess and the welfare
of the portfolio he managed. Chemical made loans to Mr. Bagdasarian totaling
more than $24 million, which were spent on the lavish house in California, the
airplane and short-term securities.

In April 1994, Mr. Bagdasarian, who had led second, third and fourth lives as a
caterer, a cookie maker and a life insurance salesman during the time he was
supposedly making a killing managing money, started his fifth life and Normandy
America.

Soon after, he began touring investment banks, looking for underwriters to take
Normandy America public. Lehman Brothers, Morgan Stanley and Merrill Lynch all
declined, but Salomon Brothers, which was seeking to pump up its initial public
offering business, eventually signed on as lead underwriter and was joined by
Alex. Brown & Sons and Schroder Wertheim & Company.

They, too, had reservations, however, according to court papers. They told Mr.
Bagdasarian that Normandy America could not sell stock to the public without
significant disclosures about his track record.

They were also concerned because Mr. Bagdasarian's tax returns showed only small
capital gains, rather than the handsome returns of which he had boasted.

Mr. Bagdasarian and Mr. White told the underwriters and their lawyers that Mr.
Bagdasarian managed $731 million, about half of which was his own money, which
was in about 30 offshore companies created by Deloitte and based in the
Netherlands Antilles, as well as in Lichtenstein and Luxembourg.

But Mr. White refused to provide documentation and further evidence, contending
that the information was proprietary to Deloitte, according to the court papers.
Instead, the court papers say, he agreed to write four letters verifying Mr.
Bagdasarian's investment results and the contents of the portfolio based on his
examination the underlying documents.

Mr. White also provided the underwriters with a "tax comfort letter" -- again on
Deloitte letterhead -- saying Mr. Bagdasarian's tax returns were properly
prepared and would withstand the scrutiny of the Internal Revenue Service.

The S.E.C.'s court papers, however, contend that there were never any documents
proving Mr. Bagdasarian's investment prowess, nor does Deloitte -- which is not
involved in either the criminal or civil actions -- have any copies of the
letters Mr. White had written on its letterhead.

And the assets to which Mr. White attested in two portfolio schedules never
existed, according to the S.E.C.'s court filing.

Even more astounding, however, is the S.E.C.'s contention that Mr. Bagdasarian
fabricated an investor when the underwriters insisted on speaking to someone who
had invested with him. According to the court papers, Mr. Bagdasarian called
bankers at Salomon on June 27, 1995, provided them with the name and telephone
number of an investor who had entrusted $50 million to his care and told them to
call the man at 10 A.M. the following day.

He then, according to court documents, had one of his employees call the
telephone company to change the name on a phone line at his home to the name of
the investor and the billing address to his father's business address. The next
day, an employee impersonated the investor when the bankers called, according to
the S.E.C.

Mr. Bagdasarian did, in fact, manage money for the person whose name he had
given to the bankers, but that person had invested less than $2 million with him
and had never heard of Normandy America, the court papers say.

Representatives for all three investment banks declined to comment.

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Christopher K. Bagdasarian has been charged with conspiracy,
securities fraud, bank fraud and perjury. (Steve Jordan/Omaha-World Herald)


                   Copyright 1996 The New York Times Company

                             377 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                            November 10, 2008 Monday

Mortgage fraud suspects find little refuge

BYLINE: Jason Cato

LENGTH: 534 words


Federal prosecutors in Western Pennsylvania are earning a reputation for tough
treatment of those who commit mortgage fraud, even though the problem isn't as
bad here as it is elsewhere.

The district headed by U.S. Attorney Mary Beth Buchanan trailed only South
Florida in the number of mortgage fraud cases filed between October 2007 and
July, according to the Transactional Records Access Clearinghouse at Syracuse
University. Buchanan's office filed 24 of 151 federal cases nationwide during
that period. Prosecutors in Miami filed 69.

Four of six people that Buchanan's office charged in February pleaded guilty and
will be sentenced this week. They were part of a scheme through Carnegie-based
Precision Mortgage that recruited buyers and provided lenders with fraudulent
loan applications and fake pay stubs, property appraisals and tax records.

"It's obviously worse in some places, but it can be found just about anywhere --
and Pittsburgh is no exception," said Dan Egan, spokesman for the state
Department of Banking, which is a member of the Western Pennsylvania Mortgage
Fraud Task Force formed in February.

Buchanan said more cases are expected to result from dozens of investigations
involving borrowers, lenders, brokers and other third-party brokers who
allegedly secured fraudulent loans during the housing bubble-turned-credit
crisis, defrauding banks and other lenders.

Some cases involve professionals who used fraudulent documents and lied about
income and assets to get people into homes they couldn't afford. Other cases
involved use of straw buyers to secure loans for kickbacks, with the buyers
being promised they wouldn't have to repay anything.

Florida topped last year's FBI "hot spot" list for mortgage fraud. Pennsylvania
did not make the list. Still, Buchanan said, the problem needs to be addressed.

"The mortgage fraud crisis is of great concern to us in the Western District, as
it is to every district in the country," said Buchanan, who in February
announced charges against 24 people involved in four alleged mortgage fraud
schemes that totaled about $13 million in losses. It is unclear whether those
people represent the same 24 cases the clearinghouse at Syracuse cites.

"We will take each investigation through every series of transactions until
we're confident we've looked at fraud at every level," she said recently. "This
hopefully will have a deterrent effect on similar conduct in the future."

Nationwide, the FBI reported mortgage fraud investigations were up 47 percent in
2007 from 2006. Through September, the bureau had nearly 1,600 active
investigations. Convictions can result in sentences of up to 30 years in federal
prison, a $1 million fine, or both.

The Western Pennsylvania Mortgage Fraud Task Force, made up of federal, state
and local law enforcement and regulatory agencies, is among the first created
nationwide. Banks and other lenders attempt to head off mortgage fraud by
watching for suspicious activity and alerting the FBI.

"The cases are out there," said Rachel M. Dollar, a Santa Rosa, Calif., lawyer
who runs MortgageFraudBlog.com. "Coupled with a concerted effort to prosecute,
it could easily result in a ... high filing rate."

LOAD-DATE: November 10, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2008 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved

                             378 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               January 22, 1992, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

Massachusetts Acts on Workers' Comp Fraud

SECTION: Section A; Page 20; Column 4; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 362 words


To the Editor:

It was with great interest that I read your news articles regarding the terrible
problem of workers' compensation fraud across the country (front page, Dec. 29;
Business Day, Dec. 30). On Dec. 23, 1991, I signed into law a reform of the
Massachusetts workers' compensation system. The elimination of fraud received
the highest priority in the reform package.

The new Massachusetts legislation creates a privately operated and financed
insurance fraud bureau that will conduct fraud surveillance and investigations.
The insurance fraud bureau is entirely financed through an assessment on all
insurance companies writing workers' compensation business in Massachusetts and
is overseen by the Massachusetts Division of Insurance, which has the authority
to affect insurers' rates if the fraud bureau does not substantially reduce
fraudulent workers' compensation costs. The insurance fraud bureau is thereby
free of the bureaucratic entanglements associated with a state-operated fraud
unit, and has significant financial incentives for effective performance.

The bureau will not limit its investigations to workers who are defrauding the
system. Insurers, doctors, lawyers, individuals hired to encourage employees to
file false claims, employers who intentionally misclassify employees or engage
in other deceptive practices to avoid paying full premiums, and any other person
who takes part in workers' compensation fraud will be investigated and
prosecuted. The legislation includes criminal penalties of up to five years in
state prison. The assessment on the insurance companies includes financing for
at least one assistant attorney general dedicated exclusively to the prosecution
of those cases.

We believe the establishment of the fraud bureau and other innovative changes in
the Massachusetts workers' compensation reform legislation will help
legitimately injured workers receive the benefits they deserve more quickly,
will reduce workers' compensation health care costs, and will make Massachusetts
a more attractive place to open businesses and create new jobs.

WILLIAM F. WELD
Governor of Massachusetts
Boston, Jan. 8, 1992

LOAD-DATE: January 22, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company

                             379 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 8, 2014 Monday

FORMER ARROW TRUCKING EXECUTIVES CHARGED IN MULTI-MILION DOLLAR BANK FRAUD AND
TAX FRAUD

LENGTH: 608  words

DATELINE: Oklahoma City


United States Attorney's Office for the northern District of Oklahoma has issued
the following press release:

James Douglas Pielsticker, former Chief Executive Officer and President of Arrow
Trucking Company, was arraigned today in U.S. District Court in Dallas, Texas,
on bank fraud and tax fraud charges stemming from an investigation by the
Federal Bureau of Investigation and the Internal Revenue Service-Criminal
Investigations. Jonathan Leland Moore, former Chief Financial Officer of Arrow
Trucking Company, previously waived indictment and pleaded guilty on December 4,
2014, to an one-count information charging him with conspiring to commit both
bank fraud and tax fraud.

United States Attorney Danny C. Williams Sr. of the Northern District of
Oklahoma; Acting Deputy Assistant Attorney General Larry J. Wszalek for the
Justice Department's Tax Division; Special Agent in Charge James E. Finch of the
FBI's Oklahoma City Division Office; and Special Agent in Charge Damon Rowe of
the IRS-CI's Dallas Division Office made the announcement.

James Douglas Pielsticker, 46, of Dallas, Texas, formerly of Tulsa, Oklahoma,
was indicted by a grand jury in a 23-count superseding indictment on December 1,
2014, which was unsealed today. The superseding indictment charges Pielsticker
with one-count of conspiring to commit bank fraud, 15-counts of bank fraud,
one-count of conspiring to defraud the Internal Revenue Service, three-counts of
tax evasion, and three-counts of failing to account for and pay over payroll
taxes.

According to the indictment and information, from May 2009 to December 2009,
Pielsticker and co-conspirators provided Transportation Alliance Bank (TAB), a
financial institution located in Ogden, Utah, with fraudulent and misleading
invoice data consisting of inflated amounts due to Arrow Trucking. As a result
of this false information, the TAB paid Arrow Trucking more money than Arrow
Trucking was entitled to under the companies' agreement.

As alleged in the indictment and information, Arrow Trucking withheld payroll
taxes from employees' wages. Beginning in 2009, Pielsticker and others conspired
to defraud the United States by failing to account for and pay over Arrow
Trucking employees' payroll taxes and with respect to Pielsticker's own income
taxes. Arrow Trucking failed to pay over approximately $5,000,000 in payroll
taxes consisting of federal income taxes, Medicare taxes, and Social Security
taxes. Also, Pielsticker attempted to evade his individual income taxes due and
owed to the United States for the years 2007, 2008, and 2009.

It is further alleged, Pielsticker caused Arrow Trucking to spend thousands of
dollars on various personal expenses, include payments related to Bruce Webber,
Pielsticker's wedding, and Bentley and Maserati automobiles.

If convicted, Pielsticker faces the statutory maximum penalty of not more than
30 years in prison and a fine of $1,000,000 for each of the bank fraud related
counts; and not more than five years in prison and a fine of $250,000 for each
count of tax related counts.

In addition, upon conviction, Pielsticker faces entry of a money judgment in the
amount of $15,000,841.32 based upon proceeds he obtained as a result of the bank
fraud conspiracy and the bank fraud scheme.

The case was investigated by the FBI and IRS-CI. The case is being prosecuted by
Trial Attorney Charles O'Reilly of the Tax Division and Assistant U.S. Attorneys
Jeff Gallant and Catherine Depew of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Northern
District of Oklahoma.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             380 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        York Daily Record (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           November 20, 2012 Tuesday

Former North Carolina woman pleads guilty to wire fraud that led to purchase of
York County property

BYLINE: Rebecca LeFever, York Daily Record, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 406 words


Nov. 20--YORK, Pa. --

A woman who faked her resume and transcripts to get a job as a Naval Reactors
clerk pleaded guilty to wire fraud in federal court on Monday, according to the
United States Attorney's Office of the Middle District of Pennsylvania.

Caitlin Lucille Walls Smith, 37, formerly of Wilmington, N.C. used her job to
obtain a U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs-backed loan in September 2010 and
purchased a $450,000 property in Chanceford Township, officials said. She was
indicted on two charges of wire fraud in February.

Smith spoke to a Navy recruiter in September 2008 and "based on a false resume
and transcripts, secured an interview with the Naval Reactors program,"
spokesman Tom Dougan said.

She was accepted into the program and began training in Rhode Island, he said.

While she was in training, investigators discovered inconsistencies in Smith's
resume and transcripts, Dougan said, and she was placed in an administrative
position at the Naval History and Heritage Command in Washington, D.C., where
she filed paperwork and did other clerical work.

During the investigation, he added, Smith was found to be using multiple names,
including her birth name, which he said the Navy determined to be Rachel Walls
of Delaware.

Smith put in her application and mentioned during numerous interviews that she
received a bachelor's degree from the University of North Carolina, a master's
degree in chemistry from Duke University, two doctorate degrees -- one in
chemical engineering and another in environmental engineering -- from the
University of Delaware. Smith had never been awarded any of these degrees by any
of the institutions, officials said.

Smith submitted multiple forged documents, including some purportedly from the
Navy that listed her current and anticipated salary as a naval officer,
according to the indictment. In November 2010, Smith received the loan --
$437,423.92 -- through a wire transfer to her bank account, the indictment
alleges. A week later, she purchased a 27.7-acre property in the 12000 block of
Waughtel Road, according to York County tax records.

Smith probably did not ever live at the property but did visit, U.S. Department
of Justice spokeswoman Heidi Havens previously said.

Smith faces up to 20 years in prison and a $250,000 fine.

@ralefever; 771-2088

___ (c)2012 York Daily Record (York, Pa.) Visit York Daily Record (York, Pa.) at
www.ydr.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20121120-YO-Former-North-Carolina-woman-pleads-guilty-to-wire-fraud
-that-led-to-purchase-of-York-County-property-1120-20121120

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YO


                        Copyright 2012 York Daily Record

                             381 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                US Official News

                            October 23, 2015 Friday

Fifteen Individuals Indicted in Stolen Property Fraud Ring

LENGTH: 752 words

DATELINE: Lahore



    Office for the United States Attorneys, Southern District of Illinois has
issued the following news release:




 On Tuesday, October 20, 2015, a federal grand jury in East St. Louis, IL,
returned a 17 count indictment charging 15 individuals, including a Madison, IL,
business owner, with numerous charges arising from a stolen property fraud ring,
the United States Attorney for the Southern District of Illinois, Stephen R.
Wigginton, announced.


    The indictment alleges that the leader of this fraud ring, Jason J.
Parmeley, 42, formerly of O&rsquo;Fallon, MO, conducted this fraud scheme from
Mexico. According to the indictment, Parmeley used the internet to obtain credit
account numbers that individuals and businesses had with retail stores, such as
Home Depot, Lowes, Menards, and rental stores, such as SunBelt Rentals. Using
this information, Parmeley placed orders with the stores in the names of, and
under the credit accounts of, the individuals and businesses. The items Parmeley
ordered frequently consisted of appliances, expensive tools, and construction
equipment. The indictment charges that, after he placed the orders, Parmeley
dispatched drivers to go to the stores and pick up the items. The items were
then sold at prices substantially below retail. The profits were then wire
transferred to Parmeley in Mexico.
 "Essentially, we allege that Parmeley and his gang committed identity theft,
not only stealing the electronic identity of individuals, but also stealing the
electronic identity of businesses. I urge anyone who thinks that they might have
been affected by this scheme to report their case to my office." said United
States Attorney Wigginton.
 The retail and rental stores victimized by this scheme were located in various
parts of the United States, including Arizona, California, Colorado,
Connecticut, Georgia, Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Michigan, Missouri, Oklahoma, and
Virginia. Some of the victimized stores were located within the Southern
District of Illinois, including stores in Collinsville, Granite City, and
O&rsquo;Fallon, IL.
 The indictment also charges that James D. Litchfield, 58, owner of Big
Jim&rsquo;s Autorama in Madison, IL, purchased many items which he knew had been
obtained by fraud. These items were delivered to Litchfield at Big Jim&rsquo;s
Autorama. The indictment further alleges that Litchfield provided two trucks
that were used by his co-conspirators to pick up fraudulently ordered items.
 The other defendants charged in the indictment are: Angel Speed, 25, formerly
of O&rsquo;Fallon, MO, Sean A. Shields, 47, of Ozark, MO, Shannan Flora, 41, of
Vienna, IL, Alice J. Hembree, 43, of O&rsquo;Fallon, MO, Tony G. Robertson, 43,
of O&rsquo;Fallon, MO, Steven J. Belcher, 44, of Wentzville, MO, Jesse S. Urias,
36, of Los Angeles, CA, Ryan P. Litchfield, 37, of O&rsquo;Fallon, MO, Rigoberto
Gutierrez, 26, of Compton, CA, Russell J. Witt, 33, of New Baltimore, MI, Bryce
E. Atkinson, 21, of Lake Saint Louis, MO, Nicholas A. Brockman, 20, of
Wentzville, MO, and Benedict G. Pellerito, 55, of Troy, MO.
 Both James D. Litchfield and Ryan P. Litchfield were arrested yesterday. Their
trial date has been set for December 21, 2015.
 In late August of this year, Mexican Immigration Authorities deported Parmeley
from Mexico. Parmeley is currently in federal custody in Alabama on an unrelated
bank fraud charge. The remaining defendants are expected to appear for
arraignment within the next two weeks.
 The charges contained in the indictment include conspiracy to commit wire
fraud, conspiracy to transport property obtained by fraud in interstate
commerce, wire fraud, interstate transportation of property obtained by fraud,
possession of property obtained by fraud, money laundering, and aggravated
identity theft. The indictment also seeks forfeiture of the proceeds of the
fraud scheme.
 The investigation is being conducted by agents from the St. Louis Division of
the Federal Bureau of Investigation ("FBI"). The FBI has received substantial
assistance from many state and local police departments in numerous
jurisdictions, including the Metro East Auto Theft Task Force. The case is being
prosecuted by Assistant United States Attorney Scott A. Verseman.
 An indictment is a formal charge against a defendant. Under the law, that
charge is merely an accusation and the defendant is presumed innocent unless
proven guilty.


 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright2015Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             382 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                US Official News

                           October 22, 2015 Thursday

Fifteen Individuals Indicted in Stolen Property Fraud Ring

LENGTH: 752 words

DATELINE: Lahore



    Office for the United States Attorneys, Southern District of Illinois has
issued the following news release:




 On Tuesday, October 20, 2015, a federal grand jury in East St. Louis, IL,
returned a 17 count indictment charging 15 individuals, including a Madison, IL,
business owner, with numerous charges arising from a stolen property fraud ring,
the United States Attorney for the Southern District of Illinois, Stephen R.
Wigginton, announced.


    The indictment alleges that the leader of this fraud ring, Jason J.
Parmeley, 42, formerly of O&rsquo;Fallon, MO, conducted this fraud scheme from
Mexico. According to the indictment, Parmeley used the internet to obtain credit
account numbers that individuals and businesses had with retail stores, such as
Home Depot, Lowes, Menards, and rental stores, such as SunBelt Rentals. Using
this information, Parmeley placed orders with the stores in the names of, and
under the credit accounts of, the individuals and businesses. The items Parmeley
ordered frequently consisted of appliances, expensive tools, and construction
equipment. The indictment charges that, after he placed the orders, Parmeley
dispatched drivers to go to the stores and pick up the items. The items were
then sold at prices substantially below retail. The profits were then wire
transferred to Parmeley in Mexico.
 "Essentially, we allege that Parmeley and his gang committed identity theft,
not only stealing the electronic identity of individuals, but also stealing the
electronic identity of businesses. I urge anyone who thinks that they might have
been affected by this scheme to report their case to my office." said United
States Attorney Wigginton.
 The retail and rental stores victimized by this scheme were located in various
parts of the United States, including Arizona, California, Colorado,
Connecticut, Georgia, Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Michigan, Missouri, Oklahoma, and
Virginia. Some of the victimized stores were located within the Southern
District of Illinois, including stores in Collinsville, Granite City, and
O&rsquo;Fallon, IL.
 The indictment also charges that James D. Litchfield, 58, owner of Big
Jim&rsquo;s Autorama in Madison, IL, purchased many items which he knew had been
obtained by fraud. These items were delivered to Litchfield at Big Jim&rsquo;s
Autorama. The indictment further alleges that Litchfield provided two trucks
that were used by his co-conspirators to pick up fraudulently ordered items.
 The other defendants charged in the indictment are: Angel Speed, 25, formerly
of O&rsquo;Fallon, MO, Sean A. Shields, 47, of Ozark, MO, Shannan Flora, 41, of
Vienna, IL, Alice J. Hembree, 43, of O&rsquo;Fallon, MO, Tony G. Robertson, 43,
of O&rsquo;Fallon, MO, Steven J. Belcher, 44, of Wentzville, MO, Jesse S. Urias,
36, of Los Angeles, CA, Ryan P. Litchfield, 37, of O&rsquo;Fallon, MO, Rigoberto
Gutierrez, 26, of Compton, CA, Russell J. Witt, 33, of New Baltimore, MI, Bryce
E. Atkinson, 21, of Lake Saint Louis, MO, Nicholas A. Brockman, 20, of
Wentzville, MO, and Benedict G. Pellerito, 55, of Troy, MO.
 Both James D. Litchfield and Ryan P. Litchfield were arrested yesterday. Their
trial date has been set for December 21, 2015.
 In late August of this year, Mexican Immigration Authorities deported Parmeley
from Mexico. Parmeley is currently in federal custody in Alabama on an unrelated
bank fraud charge. The remaining defendants are expected to appear for
arraignment within the next two weeks.
 The charges contained in the indictment include conspiracy to commit wire
fraud, conspiracy to transport property obtained by fraud in interstate
commerce, wire fraud, interstate transportation of property obtained by fraud,
possession of property obtained by fraud, money laundering, and aggravated
identity theft. The indictment also seeks forfeiture of the proceeds of the
fraud scheme.
 The investigation is being conducted by agents from the St. Louis Division of
the Federal Bureau of Investigation ("FBI"). The FBI has received substantial
assistance from many state and local police departments in numerous
jurisdictions, including the Metro East Auto Theft Task Force. The case is being
prosecuted by Assistant United States Attorney Scott A. Verseman.
 An indictment is a formal charge against a defendant. Under the law, that
charge is merely an accusation and the defendant is presumed innocent unless
proven guilty.


 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright2015Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             383 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                          September 12, 2015 Saturday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Tim Roberts faces fraud charges over failed Tampa startup

BYLINE:  By david nicklaus  St. Louis Post-Dispatch

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A7

LENGTH: 502 words


Timothy Roberts, a well-known technology entrepreneur in St. Louis in the 1990s,
faces fraud charges related to the collapse of a Tampa, Fla., e-commerce
software company in 2012.

A federal grand jury in Tampa indicted Roberts and Terrance F. Taylor on one
count of conspiracy to commit wire fraud and five counts of wire fraud related
to allegations from the time the two were with Savtira, a technology company
Roberts founded in 2010.

The indictment alleges that Roberts, when he was Savtira's CEO, and Taylor, the
company's treasurer, made false claims with the intent of defrauding investors.
As part of the conspiracy, the two inflated the company's value, made false
claims that Savtira held patents, and created bogus contracts, the indictment
says.

Roberts and Taylor couldn't immediately be reached for comment.

Separately, the Securities and Exchange Commission filed a civil lawsuit
Wednesday against Roberts, Taylor and Craig Constantinou, an investor who is
accused of promoting Savtira while promising "astronomical, risk-free returns."

Constantinou couldn't immediately be reached for comment.

The SEC says Roberts "lied to investors about Savtira's likely profitability,"
made up false revenue predictions and failed to disclose his involvement in an
earlier SEC enforcement action. That case, filed in 2006 and settled in 2008,
involved a video-game company called Infinium Labs. Roberts, accused of using a
junk-fax scheme to promote Infinium's shares, agreed to a $30,000 fine and a
five-year ban on being an officer of a public company.

The SEC alleges that Roberts and Taylor described Savtira "as a highly-valued
enterprise with patented technology and hundreds of millions of dollars in
projected revenues. In reality, however, Savtira was insolvent and had minimal
revenues."

Since Savtira filed bankruptcy in 2012, Roberts has been involved with at least
four other companies:

o Station Digital, a digital radio company he moved to St. Louis from
California.

o CloudWebStore, an e-commerce company based in California.

o HashingSpace, a bitcoin-mining company based in Wenatchee, Wash. Roberts
resigned as HashingSpace's chairman and CEO on Tuesday, the day before the SEC
charges were made public.

o Dijiciti, a St. Louis company planning to build large-scale Wi-Fi networks.
The company's promotional video, which features scenes of downtown St. Louis,
promises "free, areawide service to the public."

Roberts, a St. Louis native, was a co-founder of Savvis, a web-hosting company
now owned by CenturyLink. He also founded Intira Corp. and Broadband
Infrastructure Group. The latter company, known as BIG, raised $18 million in
2000 at the height of the dot-com boom. It spent lavishly and collapsed nine
months later.

In its Savtira complaint, the SEC seeks to recover "ill gotten gains" and to
again bar Roberts from serving as an officer or director of a public company.

According to the Tampa Bay Times, Roberts and Taylor were arrested and made an
initial federal court appearance on Wednesday.

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  This June 19, 2015 photo shows the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission building, in Washington.  (AP Photo/Andrew Harnik)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             384 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 July 16, 1984, Monday, Late City Final Edition

FLORIDA MAN NAMED IN GOLD FRAUD CASE IS STABBED TO DEATH

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section B; Page 12, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 459 words

DATELINE: FORT LAUDERDALE, Fla., July 15


An owner of the defunct International Gold Bullion Exchange, accused of bilking
investors nationwide of millions of dollars worth of undelivered gold bullion,
was stabbed to death today, apparently in an argument over use of his car,
police said.

William Alderdice, 40 years old, was killed in his Fort Lauderdale home, said
Sgt. David Patterson, a homicide detective with the Fort Lauderdale police.

James Doyle, 42, who had befriended Mr. Alderdice several months ago, was
charged in the death, said a police spokesman, Tony Sileo.

Mr. Doyle and Mr. Alderdice's brother, James Alderdice, were treated for minor
wounds, Sergeant Patterson said.

Mr. Doyle, who met the Alderdices while the three were being held at
Metropolitan Correctional Institution in Dade County, was charged with
second-degree murder and attempted first-degree murder, Mr. Sileo said.

According to police records, Debra Saltmer, 28, and James Alderdice became aware
of a commotion in the house at about 9:30 A.M. and went to the victim's bedroom,
where they saw Mr. Doyle standing over William Alderdice's body. Miss Saltmer
was among three women also living in the house.

Mr. Sileo, reading from the official police report, quoted Mr. Doyle as saying,
''I'm going to kill everyone in this house.'' He said Mr. Doyle then lunged at
James Alderdice with a kitchen knife and cut him.

Alderdices Were Indicted


The Alderdices were jailed July 14, 1983, when New York State indicted them on
charges of grand larceny and securities fraud after their business collapsed.
They were indicted by a Federal grand jury in Fort Lauderdale on Aug. 16, 1983,
on charges of conspiracy, mail fraud and wire fraud. Broward County had also
lodged 200 counts of fraud against them. The brothers were free on bond.

Mr. Doyle, who was living with the Alderdices, was not connected with the
bullion business, Sergeant Patterson said.

The Federal indictment alleged that the Alderdices accepted more than $140
million from November 1979 to April 1983 from customers in states including
Illinois, New York, Texas, Washington, Georgia, California, Ohio, New Jersey,
Alabama, Rhode Island, Kentucky, Maryland and Florida.

Michael Pasano, an assistant United States attorney, said at the Alderdices'
arraignment last year that $20 million to $40 million of the money they
collected could not be accounted for.

But William Alderdice denied the charge at that time, saying, ''I can account
for every dollar that came in.''

The authorities said the Internattional Gold Bullion Exchange, then one of the
nation's largest gold and silver dealers, was used by the Alderdices to defraud
about 25,000 creditors of money they paid for precious metals they never
received.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1984 The New York Times Company

                             385 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              accountingtoday.com

                                August 11, 2016

IRS Taxpayer Advocate Service Employee Sentenced in Identity Theft Scheme

BYLINE: Michael Cohn

SECTION: TAX PRACTICE Vol. 1 No. 1

LENGTH: 652  words


A former Internal Revenue Service employee was sentenced Wednesday to nine years
and two months in jail for leading a $1 million identity theft scheme that
ensnared hundreds of taxpayers.

Nakeisha Hall, 40, a former employee at the Taxpayer Advocate Service, pleaded
guilty in February to charges of theft of government funds, aggravated identity
theft, unauthorized access to a protected computer and conspiracy to commit bank
fraud and mail fraud affecting a financial institution. (seeIRS Taxpayer
Advocate Service Employee Pleads Guilty to Identity Theft). Part of her job
involved helping taxpayers resolve their identity theft problems, but she
instead used her position to get access to taxpayer information that could be
used to claim tax refunds. She has worked for the IRS since 2000 and is also the
daughter of a longtime IRS employee.

Judge Karon O. Bowdre sentenced her to over nine years in prison and ordered
Hall to pay $438,187 in restitution to the IRS, in addition to forfeiting the
same amount of money to the federal government as proceeds of criminal activity.
The sentence was based on Hall's role in the scheme and the fact that she abused
her position of trust with the IRS.

Hall worked in the IRS Taxpayer Advocate Service office in Birmingham, Ala.,
between July 2007 and November 2011 and later worked in Omaha, Neb., New
Orleans, La., and Salt Lake City, Utah.

"This defendant abused her position of trust as an IRS employee, using her
access to compromise taxpayers' identities to attempt to steal more than $1
million from the agency," U.S. Attorney Joyce White Vance said in a statement.
"She successfully claimed more than $400,000 in fraudulent tax refunds. Hall
victimized United States taxpayers and jeopardized the reputation of the IRS and
its division that is intended to assist taxpayers experiencing problems
resulting from identity theft. Today's sentence reflects the outrageous and
serious nature of her crime."

Three co-conspirators also pleaded guilty in the case. Lashon Roberson, 36, of
Birmingham, pleaded guilty to conspiracy to commit mail fraud affecting a
financial institution and mail fraud affecting a financial institution. She
worked for many years in the financial services industry and was sentenced last
month to three years in jail. Roberson was also ordered to pay $119,185 in
restitution to the IRS.

Jimmie Goodman, 37, of Birmingham, pleaded guilty to conspiracy to commit mail
and bank fraud. Goodman had a previous identity-theft conviction and was
sentenced in July to three years and five months in prison. He was also ordered
to pay $82,802 in restitution to the IRS and to forfeit that amount to the
government.

Abdulla Coleman, 40, also of Birmingham, pleaded guilty to conspiracy to commit
mail fraud affecting a financial institution and bank fraud. He is scheduled to
be sentenced next month.

According to prosecutors, Hall and the others stole taxpayers' names, birth
dates and Social Security numbers through unauthorized access to IRS computers.
Hall used the personal identity information to prepare fraudulent income tax
returns and electronically filed them with the IRS. She asked the IRS to deposit
the tax refunds on debit cards and directed that the cards be mailed to drop
addresses under her control. Hall solicited and received drop addresses from
Goodman, Coleman, Roberson and at least one other person. They also collected
the debit cards from the mail.

Hall activated the cards by using the stolen personal information. She and the
others withdrew the money from the debit cards at ATMs or used the cards for
purchases. If the fraudulent returns generated U.S. Treasury checks instead of
the requested debit cards, they used fraudulent endorsements to cash the checks.
Hall paid Goodman, Coleman, Roberson and a fifth unidentified co-conspirator by
giving them part of the refund money, or giving them refund cards for their own
use.

URL: http://www.accountingtoday.com

LOAD-DATE: August 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBCPA_NEWS


                        Copyright 2016 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             386 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          February 25, 2015 Wednesday

Washington: Former Owner of Durable Medical Equipment Company Pleads Guilty in
$5 Million Health Care Fraud Scheme

LENGTH: 463  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

A Miami man pleaded guilty today to health care fraud charges in connection with
a $5 million scheme to defraud Medicare.

Assistant Attorney General Leslie R. Caldwell of the Justice Department's
Criminal Division, U.S. Attorney Wifredo A. Ferrer of the Southern District of
Florida, Special Agent in Charge Derrick Jackson of the U.S. Department of
Health and Human Services Office of Inspector General's (HHS-OIG) Miami Field
Office, Special Agent in Charge Mike Fields of HHS-OIG's Dallas Field Office,
Special Agent in Charge Paul Wysopal of the FBI's Tampa Field Office, and
Special Agent in Charge Perrye K. Turner of the FBI's Houston Field Office made
the announcement.

Angel M. Mirabal, 62, of Miami, Florida, pleaded guilty to one count of
conspiracy to commit wire fraud and health care fraud before U.S. District Judge
Marcia G. Cooke of the Southern District of Florida. A sentencing hearing is
scheduled for May 6, 2015.

In connection with his guilty plea, Mirabal admitted that he was the owner,
president and manager of Quick Solutions Medical Supplies Inc. (Quick
Solutions), a durable medical equipment (DME) supply company located in Houston,
Texas. Mirabel further admitted that from April 2010 through July 2013, he and
his co-conspirators operated Quick Solutions for the purpose of billing the
Medicare program for, among other things, expensive DME that was medically
unnecessary and in many instances not provided to the Medicare beneficiaries.
Indeed, many of the beneficiaries who purportedly received the DME resided
hundreds of miles away in Miami.

From June 2011 through February 2012, Quick Solutions submitted approximately $5
million in fraudulent claims, and Medicare paid approximately $587,900 for these
claims.

This case was investigated by the FBI, HHS-OIG and Texas Attorney General's
Medicaid Fraud Control Unit, and was brought as part of the Medicare Fraud
Strike Force under the supervision of the Criminal Division's Fraud Section and
U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of Florida. This case is being
prosecuted by Trial Attorney Timothy P. Loper of the Criminal Division's Fraud
Section.

Since its inception in March 2007, the Medicare Fraud Strike Force, now
operating in nine cities across the country, has charged nearly 2,100 defendants
who have collectively billed the Medicare program for more than $6.5 billion. In
addition, the HHS Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services, working in
conjunction with the HHS-OIG, are taking steps to increase accountability and
decrease the presence of fraudulent providers.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com


LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             387 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 24, 2015 Tuesday

Washington: Former Owner of Durable Medical Equipment Company Pleads Guilty in
$5 Million Health Care Fraud Scheme

LENGTH: 462  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Department of Justice, The Government of USA has issued the following news
release:

A Miami man pleaded guilty today to health care fraud charges in connection with
a $5 million scheme to defraud Medicare.

Assistant Attorney General Leslie R. Caldwell of the Justice Department's
Criminal Division, U.S. Attorney Wifredo A. Ferrer of the Southern District of
Florida, Special Agent in Charge Derrick Jackson of the U.S. Department of
Health and Human Services Office of Inspector General's (HHS-OIG) Miami Field
Office, Special Agent in Charge Mike Fields of HHS-OIG's Dallas Field Office,
Special Agent in Charge Paul Wysopal of the FBI's Tampa Field Office, and
Special Agent in Charge Perrye K. Turner of the FBI's Houston Field Office made
the announcement.

Angel M. Mirabal, 62, of Miami, Florida, pleaded guilty to one count of
conspiracy to commit wire fraud and health care fraud before U.S. District Judge
Marcia G. Cooke of the Southern District of Florida. A sentencing hearing is
scheduled for May 6, 2015.

In connection with his guilty plea, Mirabal admitted that he was the owner,
president and manager of Quick Solutions Medical Supplies Inc. (Quick
Solutions), a durable medical equipment (DME) supply company located in Houston,
Texas. Mirabel further admitted that from April 2010 through July 2013, he and
his co-conspirators operated Quick Solutions for the purpose of billing the
Medicare program for, among other things, expensive DME that was medically
unnecessary and in many instances not provided to the Medicare beneficiaries.
Indeed, many of the beneficiaries who purportedly received the DME resided
hundreds of miles away in Miami.

From June 2011 through February 2012, Quick Solutions submitted approximately $5
million in fraudulent claims, and Medicare paid approximately $587,900 for these
claims.

This case was investigated by the FBI, HHS-OIG and Texas Attorney General's
Medicaid Fraud Control Unit, and was brought as part of the Medicare Fraud
Strike Force, under the supervision of the Criminal Division's Fraud Section and
U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of Florida. This case is being
prosecuted by Trial Attorney Timothy P. Loper of the Criminal Division's Fraud
Section.

Since its inception in March 2007, the Medicare Fraud Strike Force, now
operating in nine cities across the country, has charged nearly 2,100 defendants
who have collectively billed the Medicare program for more than $6.5 billion. In
addition, the HHS Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services, working in
conjunction with the HHS-OIG, are taking steps to increase accountability and
decrease the presence of fraudulent providers.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             388 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Lowell Sun (Massachusetts)

                            January 8, 2009 Thursday

Crime Briefs

BYLINE: The Lowell Sun

SECTION: NEWS; Local

LENGTH: 581 words


Local man charged in mortgage fraud

CONCORD, N.H. (AP) -- Two New Hampshire brothers have been charged in a
mortgage-fraud scheme. U.S. Attorney Tom Colantuono says 27-year-old Paul Ryder
of Hudson and his brother, Thomas Ryder, 30, of Hopkinton, and others filed loan
applications that inflated purchase prices, then pocketed the difference between
the real sale price and loan amounts. They also were accused of providing false
information about purported buyers. The two are charged with wire fraud and mail
fraud. The brothers were mortgage brokers working under the name of M & M
Mortgage Consulting in Salem.

Wilmington man faces gaming charge

WOBURN -- A 54-year-old Wilmington man accused of being the ringleader of an
organized-crime ring linked to a notorious former mob boss was released on
personal recognizance after his arraignment on illegal gaming charges Monday.

Steven Contrada, 54, is alleged to have led the "Contrada Organization," which
directly served customers as bookmaking agents in some capacity, according to
Middlesex District Attorney Gerry Leone. Contrada pleaded innocent in Middlesex
Superior Court to charges of organizing a gambling syndicate, conspiracy to
organize and promote gambling, keeping a gaming house, conspiracy to keep a
gaming house, using a telephone for gaming, and conspiracy to use a telephone
for gaming.

Ten others face charges as well. The alleged members of the Contrada
organization are charged with crimes associated with illegal gaming, and not
loansharking (usury) or extortion crimes. The investigation, conducted by the
Massachusetts State Police Special Services Division and attorneys from the
Middlesex District Attorney's PACT Unit, uncovered activities associated with
two crime rings -- one allegedly headed by Contrada and the other led by former
reputed New England mob boss Peter Limone, 74, of Medford.

Lowell Brinks driver admits to theft

CONCORD, N.H. (AP) -- A Brinks Armored car driver from Lowell pleaded guilty
Monday in U.S. District Court to aiding and abetting the interstate
transportation of stolen property in the theft of two bags of money from his
vehicle last summer in Manchester, N.H. Prosecutors say Phoumasay Sihanourath,
39, stole two bags of money from an armored car last August and put them in
another vehicle at the Mall of New Hampshire. The money was taken to Lowell,
where it was divided up. Sihanourath is scheduled to be sentenced on April 6.

Man jailed in assault on son's co-worker

LOWELL -- A 37-year-old Lowell man who allegedly beat his son's co-worker with a
lead pipe and left the man in the bitter cold a year ago has been sentenced to
spend three years in jail. Carlos F. Velez , of 414 Gorham St., pleaded guilty
in Lowell Superior Court this week to assault and battery with a dangerous
weapon and assault with a dangerous weapon in connection with the Jan. 26, 2007,
incident outside a Tyngsboro machine shop. Velez was sentenced to three years in
the Middlesex House of Correction in Billerica, followed by three years
probation, during which he must complete an anger-management course.

Police say Velez showed up at C & C Machine Shop after his son, Damian, 18, had
allegedly engaged in a fistfight with a 33-year-old co-worker earlier in the
day. Velez allegedly hit the 33-year-old Westford resident in the shoulder and
over the head. The victim suffered serious lacerations on his head. He was
treated at Lowell General Hospital and later released, police said.

-- LISA REDMOND

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             389 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              August 24, 1988, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

Fraud Trial Begins on ZZZZ Best

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section D; Page 3, Column 3; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 322 words

DATELINE: LOS ANGELES, Aug. 23


The fraud trial of Barry J. Minkow, the one-time carpet-cleaning ''whiz kid,''
opened in Federal court here today.

Two hundred prospective jurors jammed the courtroom as Federal District Judge
Dickran Tevrizian opened the trial by reading the 57-count indictment against
the 22-year-old Mr. Minkow.

Mr. Minkow, who began an after-school business at 15 and turned it into a $100
million carpet-cleaning operation, says he was a victim of organized crime
figures who manipulated him and the affairs of his business, the ZZZZ Best
Company.

Many Charges of Fraud

Mr. Minkow has been charged with multiple securities fraud, credit card fraud
and mail fraud counts. On trial with him is Norman Rothberg, an accountant
accused of taking a bribe to retract his warnings to others that ZZZZ Best was
involved in fraud.

Mr. Minkow was originally indicted with 12 others, 10 of whom have since pleaded
guilty to various charges stemming from the alleged fraud.

Mr. Minkow is basically charged with having fabricated building renovation deals
to defraud investors. The indictment contends that ZZZZ Best actually did no
renovation work and charges that investors who handed over millions were taken
on tours of bogus renovation sites.

Remains in Custody

Mr. Minkow's attorney, David Kenner, contends that his client was forced to
stage the elaborate fraud scheme by organized crime figures who wrested control
of his business and silenced him with threats. Mr. Minkow remains in custody at
Terminal Island Federal prison.

Mr. Minkow's business empire collapsed in the summer of 1987 when allegations of
fraud and impending bankruptcy forced his resignation from the company he
started in a garage in the suburban San Fernando Valley.

ZZZZ Best filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection within days, and the
company sued Mr. Minkow and four associates for more than $20 million, accusing
them of misappropriating funds.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company

                             390 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 17, 2014 Friday

California: San Francisco Antique Dealers Indicted For Conspiracy And Scheme To
Commit Mail And Wire Fraud

LENGTH: 1145  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


United States Attorney's Office for the northern District of California has
issued the following press release:

A federal grand jury in San Jose returned a twelve count indictment charging two
antique dealers with conspiracy to commit mail fraud and wire fraud, mail fraud,
and wire fraud relating to a multi-million dollar investment scheme, announced
United States Attorney Melinda Haag, Federal Bureau of Investigation Special
Agent in Charge David J. Johnson, and United States Postal Inspection Service
Acting Inspector In Charge Rafael Nunez.

According to the indictment, Anthony Barreiro, 64, and Ernest Ray Parker, also
known as Ray Parker Gaylord, 50, both residents of San Francisco and Dallas,
founded and operated a business known at various times as ARTLoan Financial,
LLC, ARTLoan Financial Services, Inc., and ARTLoan Financial Service, LLC
("ARTLoan"). Barreiro, who represented himself as ARTLoan's Chairman and CEO,
and Gaylord, who represented himself as its President, operated ARTLoan as a
specialty finance company, whereby investors were invited to entrust funds to
ARTLoan for the sole, stated purpose of providing lending capital to borrowers
seeking to finance the acquisition of high-value art work. ARTLoan promised its
investors regular interest payments over the term of each loan. As further
security, Barreiro and Gaylord promised investors that ARTLoan would retain
possession of a borrower's artwork as collateral against the loan and, in the
event of default, the tendered artwork would be forfeited to ARTLoan for the
benefit of the investors.

The Indictment alleges that based on these promises, Barreiro and Gaylord
obtained from investors a total of approximately $3.4 million dollars. By June
2010, as a result of their fraudulent scheme, the defendants allegedly had made
approximately $1.8 million in "Ponzi" payments intended to lull investors while
diverting approximately $1.5 million dollars to their own personal benefit.

According to the indictment, Barreiro and Gaylord explained to investors that
ARTLoan was a licensed pawn broker that owned valuable pieces of artwork worth
millions of dollars. Barreiro and Gaylord further advised investors that ARTLoan
helped collectors finance the purchase of valuable pieces of artwork, many of
which were purchased through public auctions, and in the process, allowed
ARTLoan to cultivate business relationships with high-profile auction houses,
such as Sotheby's and Christie's, among others. Barreiro and Gaylord allegedly
explained that ARTLoan's financing options would help collectors finance up to
50% of the value of the piece while requiring the collectors to transfer
ownership of the subject artwork to ARTLoan as collateral until the conclusion
of the debt obligation. Alternatively, if a collector already owned outright a
particular piece of artwork, ARTLoan would provide the collector with financing
of up to 50% of the appraised value of that particular piece of artwork while
requiring the collector to transfer ownership of the subject artwork to ARTLoan
as collateral until the conclusion of the debt obligation.

Barreiro and Gaylord allegedly explained to investors that an investment took
the form of a loan agreement with ARTLoan. Barreiro and Gaylord memorialized the
investments in documents that they provided to investors at the time of the
investors' initial and subsequent investments in ARTLoan. These documents
provided, among other things, that the investor would deposit with ARTLoan a
specific investment amount and that ARTLoan would pay the investor a certain
regular rate of interest. Thereafter, Barreiro and Gaylord mailed periodic
account statements to the investors reflecting principal and accrued interest,
and, on certain occasions, a check payable to the investor purporting to
represent an interest payment. The defendants also transmitted, via mail,
electronic mail, and hand delivery, updates to investors about the business
operations of ARTLoan generally.

The defendants allegedly represented to investors, among other things, that the
funds deposited with ARTLoan would be used only as lending capital and would not
be used to fund the business operations of ARTLoan. Instead, defendants advised
investors that the monies generated from the loans to third-party collectors
provided ARTLoan with sufficient capital for operations, including but not
limited to salaries for Barreiro and Gaylord.

The Indictment alleges that through written and oral communications, Barreiro
and Gaylord created the false and misleading appearance that ARTLoan was
successfully engaging in debt financing agreements with third-party borrowers,
generating regular monthly interest payments and increasing the overall value of
each investor's funds with ARTLoan. In truth, according to the Indictment,
ARTLoan had not entered into any debt financing agreements, the monies obtained
from investors had not been utilized to fund such debt financing agreements,
ARTLoan had not secured artwork as collateral in connection with such debt
financing agreements, and, the monies provided to investors as purported
"interest payments" were, in fact, "Ponzi" payments designed to lull current
investors as well as induce other potential investors to enter into loan
agreements with ARTLoan.

Both defendants made their initial appearances on Friday, January 10, 2014, in
federal court in Dallas, Texas. They made their initial appearance in federal
court in San Jose, Calif., today in front of The Honorable Paul S. Grewal,
United States Magistrate Judge. The defendants are currently out of custody on
bond. Both defendants are scheduled to appear next on February 11, 2014 at 1:30
p.m. in front of The Honorable Howard R. Lloyd, United States Magistrate Court
Judge for id of counsel and on February 12, 2014 at 9:00 a.m. in front of The
Honorable Lucy H. Koh, United States District Court Judge in San Jose for status
and setting.

An indictment merely alleges that crimes have been committed, and all defendants
are presumed innocent until proven guilty beyond a reasonable doubt. If
convicted, the Defendants face a maximum statutory penalty of twenty years
imprisonment, a fine of $250,000 or twice the amount of gain or loss, whichever
is greater, and restitution if appropriate, for each count of the indictment.
However, any sentence following conviction would be imposed by the court after
consideration of the U.S. Sentencing Guidelines and the federal statute
governing the imposition of a sentence, 18 U.S.C. § 3553.

Timothy J. Lucey is the Assistant United States Attorney who is prosecuting the
case with the assistance of Laurie Worthen. The prosecution is the result of a
multi-year joint investigation by the Federal Bureau of Investigation and the
United States Postal Inspection Service.

For more information please visit: http://www.justice.gov/usao/can

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             391 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Charleston Daily Mail (West Virginia)

                           August 16, 2007, Thursday

Nation & world

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P3A

LENGTH: 489 words


Cincinnati mayor won't

use pistol to kick off race

CINCINNATI - Mayor Mark Mallory is refusing to fire a starter pistol to kickoff
an upcoming road race, saying he doesn't like the gun's symbolism in a city that
set a record for homicides last year.

Mallory said he'll blow a whistle at Saturday's Rhythm Race 5K instead. A pistol
filled with blanks is traditionally used to start races and track meets.

Boston man pleads guilty

in glass-eating scheme

BOSTON - A man pleaded guilty to his role in a multi-state scheme in which
prosecutors say he and his wife intentionally ate glass at restaurants and
collected more than $200,000 in compensation.

Ronald Evano, 49, pleaded guilty to 20 federal counts, including conspiracy,
mail fraud, wire fraud and identity theft. Prosecutors dropped four counts of
identity fraud and health care fraud in the plea agreement.

Prosecutors say Evano and his wife, Mary, filed fraudulent insurance claims
worth more than $200,000, collected more than $200,000 and left a trail of
unpaid medical bills totaling more than $100,000 in several states between 1997
and 2005.

Headless walruses found along Alaska beaches

ANCHORAGE, Alaska - An unusually high number of walrus carcasses missing their
heads and ivory tusks have washed up on beaches this summer, alarming wildlife
officials.

The U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service doesn't know whether the dozens of walrus
carcasses counted along a 40-mile stretch in Norton Sound are part of a crime or
whether sloppy hunters are responsible.

Pacific walruses are not considered endangered but can be hunted only by Alaska
Natives, who are required to use a certain amount of the animal or face fines
for being wasteful. The tusks are often carved or used in native arts and
crafts.

Famed alligator escapes Calif. zoo, recaptured

LOS ANGELES - You can't keep a good gator down.

An alligator that became a celebrity after eluding trappers for nearly two years
at an urban lake managed to escape from his new home at the Los Angeles Zoo on
Wednesday. It was nearly opening time before Reggie was caught.

Keepers discovered the 7 1/2-foot gator was missing from his personal exhibit
pond at around 7:30 a.m., and a search of every rock and bush proved he wasn't
anywhere in the display.

The wily beast was finally found near a loading dock several hundred yards away
shortly before the zoo's 10 a.m. opening time, spokesman Jason Jacobs said.

Dozens of dogs, cats

found dead in N.J. home

TRENTON, N.J. - A rotten odor seeping from a home in an upscale neighborhood led
to the discovery of dozens of dogs and cats, many of them dead, inside the
feces-ridden mansion, authorities said.

At least 80 live cats and six dogs were removed from the Saddle River house,
although one kitten died later, he said. In the garage, authorities found 23
separate plastic bags that contained the remains of dead animals, some so
extremely decomposed that they were unrecognizable.

compiled by wire reportS

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 Charleston Newspapers

                             392 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Credit Union Journal

                                 July 18, 2011

How 1 Nevada CU Knew of Fraud Before Many Knew Themselves

BYLINE: Kevin Jepson

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY; Pg. 14 Vol. 15 No. 27

LENGTH: 564  words


LAS VEGAS-Nevada FCU discovered days before VISA and its card processor that
about 800 members were vulnerable to fraud after shopping at Michaels Stores
this spring.

Three members at Nevada FCU here initially reported hijacked card accounts after
visits to local Michaels Stores-but that was just the looming tip of the iceberg
of 800 members who had paid using Nevada FCU VISAs at the specialty retailer.

"Those three members triggered our suspicion, so we ran all of our accounts
through TrueCards and were able to identify 600 to 800 members who used cards at
three local Michaels from March to May," said Lee Torres, VP-internal controls
at the $700-million CU. "That was two days prior to the VISA CAMS alerts on the
Michaels compromise and also before our card processor alerted us."

TrueCards is a card-fraud prevention platform provided by Greensboro, N.C.-based
Advanced Fraud Solutions that can alert Nevada FCU to suspicious or unusual
transactions and pinpoint a common point of compromise. The CU deployed the
system in February.

As soon as Nevada FCU identified the accounts used at Michaels, the CU's data
breach committee sprang into action. "Because we were so quick to notify members
via emails and robocalls, in the end only a small portion of members became
victims," Torres added.

The subsequent VISA CAMS alert identified about 1,700 Nevada FCU cards
potentially exposed; only about 100 cards suffered actual fraud, thanks to the
CU's early response, Torres said.

"TrueCards is a powerful, proactive tool in mitigating fraud losses,
particularly when it comes to skimming and data breaches," he continued.
Skimming and data breaches account for the vast majority of card fraud loss at
Nevada FCU. Card fraud is responsible for 95% of fraud loss at the CU, he said.

The few members whose accounts were successfully used for fraudulent
transactions after the PIN-pad tampering fiasco at Michaels were "promptly
reimbursed, often the same day they filed their claim," Torres said.

Before TrueCards, Nevada FCU relied on VISA CAMS alerts, he said. "They provide
very little info and are always delivered after the fact. Instead of being
reactive to card fraud, we can be proactive. TrueCards allows us to
independently manage our card portfolio."

Nevada FCU paid $30,000 upfront for TrueCards, but "I think TrueCards has more
than paid for its value with just the Michaels' incident," said Torres. "And
$30,000 is minimal compared to our overall fraud losses."

TrueCards is part of Nevada FCU's layered defense against card fraud, he said.
"We don't accept fraud loss as a cost of doing business. We try to have a
comprehensive fraud infrastructure in place that allows us to be proactive."

A tight relationship with the fraud-fighting community has allowed Nevada FCU to
become part of a "powerful force in mitigating financial crimes committed by
insidious criminals-who have no rules to play by and who can peddle their gains
without fear of being apprehended," Torres said.

Nevada FCU works with the International Association of Financial Crime
Investigators, state law enforcement and community groups to share leads and
strategies, "which often enable us to take preemptive action," he said.

For example, "when we see an alert from law enforcement, we'll go into TrueCards
to see how many of our members have used their cards at the merchant in
question," Torres explained.

URL: http://www.cujournal.com/

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter

JOURNAL-CODE: CUJ


                        Copyright 2011 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             393 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily Deal/The Deal

                              July 10, 2006 Monday

IMA founder pleads not guilty

BYLINE: by David Elman

SECTION: BANKRUPTCY

LENGTH: 723 words



HIGHLIGHT: Kirk Wright faces 21 counts of federal mail fraud and three counts of
securities fraud.


The founder of an Atlanta hedge fund has pleaded not guilty to federal charges
of mail and securities fraud.

Kirk S. Wright entered his plea on July 5 in a hearing before Magistrate Judge
Joel M. Feldman of the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Georgia
in Atlanta.

A spokeswoman for the U.S. Attorney's Office said no trial date has been set for
Wright, who ran bankrupt International Management Associates LLC and faces 21
counts of mail fraud and three counts of securities fraud.

If convicted, Wright could serve up to 20 years in prison per count. In
addition, each mail fraud charge carries a maximum fine of $250,000. The
securities fraud charges could cost Wright up to $5 million per count if he's
found guilty.

Wright was arrested May 17 at a Miami-area Ritz-Carlton hotel after nearly three
months of evading arrest for failure to comply with a state receivership order.

He is in the custody of the U.S. Marshals Service pending a hearing on pretrial
release. A status conference on his case is set for July 21.

The Department of Justice alleges Wright, as IMA's operator and portfolio
manager for the company's five hedge funds and two belonging to bankrupt
affiliate International Management Associates Advisory Group LLC, gave investors
false performance information.

Wright, the DOJ claims, mailed investors quarterly statements with inflated
asset and return figures and filed Form ADVs listing similarly elevated asset
totals with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

The government alleges that IMA's investments were losing money and Wright
removed funds from several IMA accounts for his own use. The false performance
figures enticed new investors to deposit money with IMA, enabling it to continue
operating and pay customers.

Wright's attorney, Natasha Perdew-Silas of Georgia Federal Defender Program
Inc., would not comment on the case.

Wright also faces charges stemming from a SEC suit, filed Feb. 27 in the Atlanta
district court.

A March 10 court order named William F. Perkins of W.G. Hays & Associates LLC
receiver in the SEC case for all of Wright's assets.

Perkins had already been appointed receiver in a state suit Feb. 17.

National Football League wide receiver Rod Smith and former players Steve
Atwater, Blaine Bishop, Ray Crockett, Terrell Davis, Clyde Simmons and Al Smith
allege that IMA didn't allow them to remove more than $18 million in
investments.

The hedge fund manager, they said, wrote checks that later bounced to Atwater
and Bishop and prevented the plaintiffs from conducting an audit of their
accounts.

A different group of players -- Atwater, Bishop, former defensive lineman Marco
Coleman, Crockett, New York Giants linebacker Carlos Emmons, Simmons and Al
Smith -- sued the NFL and the National Football League Players Association on
June 23 in the Atlanta district court.

The players and several investment vehicles created for them alleged that they
invested $20 million with IMA.

The plaintiffs said they relied on NFL and NFLPA background checks of Wright and
fellow IMA principal Nelson "Keith" Bond. They also counted on the endorsement
of Wright through the NFLPA's Registered Financial Advisor Program and his
monitoring through the program.

Outstanding federal and state tax liens and judgments against Wright and Bond,
as well as Wright's lack of professional liability coverage, should have
resulted in them being rejected from the adviser program, the players said.

Their suit seeks unspecified damages for negligence and breach of fiduciary
duty.

The players also want changes made to background checks for financial advisers
and to the NFLPA adviser program because the defendants "are negligently or
recklessly performing their duties in providing due diligence background
services."

According to an Associated Press report, an NFL spokesman said the suit was
without merit. A representative for the NFLPA would not comment on the suit.

IMA, IMAAG, the seven hedge funds and another Wright-controlled entity, IMA Real
Estate Fund LLC, filed for Chapter 11 on March 16 in the U.S. Bankruptcy Court
for the Northern District of Georgia in Atlanta.

Wright's former home and condominium, their furnishings, a 2003 Aston Martin
Vanquish, 2005 Bentley Continental and 1967 BMW 2000CS are set to be auctioned
July 29 in Atlanta. IMA's offices and their contents will also be sold.

URL: http://www.TheDeal.com

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                        Copyright 2006 The Deal, L.L.C.

                             394 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Patriot Ledger (Quincy, MA)

                             June 14, 2007 Thursday
                                  City Edition

Weymouth woman remains on the lam;
Charged in insurance scam with husband

BYLINE:  Patriot Ledger staff

SECTION: News; pg. ONE14

LENGTH: 305 words


Federal agents are still seeking a former Weymouth woman indicted with her
husband last year for allegedly swindling insurers by claiming to have swallowed
broken glass in food establishments.

Ronald Evano and Mary Evano, whose ages are unknown, were charged in April 2006
with conspiracy, mail fraud, wire fraud, identity fraud, Social Security fraud
and making false statements on health care matters.

Ronald Evano has been held since his arrest but Mary Evano has not been found.
The FBI is asking anyone with information about her to call the agency or local
law enforcement officers, spokeswoman Gail Marcinkiewicz said yesterday.

The Evanos lived in Weymouth and Hanover, as well as Maryland. They used
numerous aliases, prosecutors said.

The self-described "American gypsies" allegedly collected $200,000 from insurers
and stiffed hospitals for $100,000 by falsely complaining that they had ingested
broken glass in restaurants, hotels and supermarkets in Massachusetts, Rhode
Island, Virginia and Washington, D.C., a grand jury indictment said.

They allegedly said they swallowed glass in a waffle at a Quincy restaurant, a
frozen daiquiri in a Braintree hotel, ice cubes in another Quincy restaurant and
potato salad from a Quincy grocery. Quincy Medical Center was one of the
victimized hospitals, the indictment said.

In some cases, medical records showed that they actually did ingest broken
glass. But the incidents did not occur in the businesses they named, prosecutors
said.

In total, the couple submitted 12 false insurance claims from 1997 to 2005,
prosecutors said. Three insurers did not pay because investigators became
suspicious, the indictment said.

Ronald Evano was to have changed his plea on June 25 but his attorney withdrew
Tuesday, court records say. A spokeswoman for prosecutors could not be reached
today.

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2007 The Patriot Ledger

                             395 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Age (Melbourne, Australia)

                           January 25, 2012 Wednesday
                                 First Edition

Jury selection drags;
FRAUD

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 24

LENGTH: 189 words


JURY selection in the $US7 billion fraud case against Allen Stanford will spill
into a second day after nearly half the pool had to be interviewed privately
about special circumstances or possible bias in the case. Stanford is charged on
one count of conspiracy to commit wire fraud and mail fraud; five counts of wire
fraud; five counts of mail fraud; one count of conspiracy to obstruct an SEC
investigation; one count of obstruction of an SEC investigation; and one count
of conspiracy to commit money laundering. The indictment alleges Stanford and
others committed fraud through Stanford Group, a securities brokerage and
investment adviser, and Stanford International Bank in Antigua - both
subsidiaries of Houston-based Stanford Financial Group. He had been scheduled to
be tried a year ago, but the trial was delayed so the man once named by Forbes
as the 205th wealthiest could be treated for addiction to medications prescribed
after suffering a head injury in a 2009 jailhouse fight. For the most part,
Stanford sat stern and quiet. He appears to have dropped weight during his
nearly three-year incarceration awaiting trial.

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 The Age Company Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             396 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               September 1, 1986, Monday, Late City Final Edition

C. H. BUTCHER ACQUITTED OF 25 COUNTS

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section 1; Page 30, Column 1; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 547 words

DATELINE: CHATTANOOGA, Tenn., Aug. 31


A Federal jury found C. H. Butcher Jr. innocent on Saturday of charges that he
had lied to investors and covered up insider loans that led to the 1983
bankruptcy of his finance company.

The jury, which deliberated more than 16 hours over three days, cleared Mr.
Butcher, younger brother of convicted bank-fraud felon Jake Butcher, and
co-defendant James E. Steiner of 25 counts of mail, wire and securities fraud in
connection with the failure of Southern Industrial Banking Corporation. Mr.
Butcher, 49, and Mr. Steiner, 44, both of Knoxville, Tenn., had faced up to 115
years in prison and $25,000 in fines each if convicted on all counts in the
trial, which began July 14.

Held on Other Charges

However, Federal District Judge Thomas Higgins ordered Mr. Butcher back to the
Hamilton County Jail pending trial on other charges, including bankruptcy fraud.

''That's a good one,'' Mr. Butcher said as he was led out of the courthouse by
United States marshals. ''I'll take them one at a time.'' Mr. Steiner was freed.
The bankruptcy cost 5,000 uninsured investors more than $25 million, prosecutors
said. Assistant United States Attorney Laurens Tullock said the Government did
its best to present a good case. ''It was just a jury verdict where they had to
be convinced beyond a reasonable doubt, and they weren't,'' he said.

In 1972, C. H. Butcher bought Southern Industrial Banking Corporation, which
under state law operates much as a bank does. He served as its chief executive,
while Mr. Steiner was president from 1979 to 1983.

The Government said that of Southern Industrial's $32 million commercial loan
portfolio, $26 million was in insider loans to Mr. Butcher and his associates.

Details of Charges

The charges included 10 mail-fraud counts, alleging that false financial
statements were sent to state regulators in Nashville and that misleading
newspaper ads were published just before the company went bankrupt.

Nine wire-fraud counts involved television commercials for the company. A 10th
wire-fraud count concerned a long-distance phone conversation involving an
investor who lost $90,000 in the bankruptcy. The investor, Ruby Boardwine,
testified that Mr. Steiner assured her that her money was safe and no Butcher
was connected to Southern Industrial. Mr. Steiner denied making the call.

The securities fraud counts stemmed from five offers to renew certificates of
deposit in the weeks before Southern Industrial closed. Prosecutors claimed
customers were given the impression the company was solvent.

'An Imperfect Man'

Mr. Butcher's defense lawyer, Bobby Lee Cook, described his client as ''an
imperfect man'' who made big mistakes but did nothing illegal. Mr. Cook said
Southern Industrial's demise was caused by the failure of United American Bank
of Knoxville a month earlier. United American's failure, the third-worst bank
collapse on record, sparked a 16-day run on deposits that drained $26 million
from Southern Industrial, Mr. Cook said.

Mr. Butcher testified that he spent little time at Southern Industial and that,
when he realized it was in trouble, he injected $15.2 million in cash to try to
save it. ''I knew our depositors were going to be hurt,'' Mr. Butcher testified.
''I knew my reputation was on the line.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company

                             397 of 1000 DOCUMENTS




                           Investor's Business Daily

                            December 9, 2005 Friday
                                NATIONAL EDITION

Mortgage Scams Rising Along With Home Prices; Crime Up Fourfold Since '01; FBI
says 26 states have significant problems as fraud networks evolve

BYLINE: ALAN R. ELLIOTT

SECTION: INSIDE REAL ESTATE; Pg. A08

LENGTH: 857 words


It was a scam undone by bad credit reports. Lenders refused home loans to
several Florida A&M University graduates because foreclosures had killed their
credit scores. Just one problem: None of the applicants had ever seen or owned
any of the foreclosed homes.

The FBI and U.S. Attorney's office traced the properties to a lawyer/mortgage
broker, Chalana McFarland, in Stone Mountain, Ga. McFarland had purchased the
students' Social Security numbers from a classmate, then used them to dupe
lenders into 169 loans worth more than $20 million.

The swindle was far beyond the garden-variety scams typically labeled mortgage
fraud. It is just one example of what some in the industry say is a renaissance
of fraud underwritten by recent, record-setting real estate markets.

According to the FBI, mortgage fraud has surged fourfold in recent years,
climbing from 4,225 cases in 2001 to 17,127 last year.

"The types of fraud occurring are moving away from the fraud for home ownership,
the little-white-lie kind of fraud, to the fraud for profit, where people are
just flat out looking to take money from the banks and fly," said Nick Larson,
with the Mortgage Asset Research Institute.

Mortgage lenders will dole out an estimated $2.8 trillion in loans this year,
down 30% from the record $4 trillion in 2003. But even as markets cool and the
borrowing frenzy eases, many industry observers see mortgage fraud on the rise.

Among those observers: the FBI, which investigates potential fraud cases for
mortgage lenders Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac and other federally involved entities.

While fraud losses among mortgage companies are on the rise, industry
researchers say more specific figures on losses from fraud are hard to come by
largely because lenders are reluctant to reveal such potentially embarrassing
figures.

"You are not going to find them," said Rachel Dollar, a Santa Rosa, Calif.-based
real estate attorney who also publishes mortgagefraudblog.com.

The FBI tracks fraud trends via suspicious activity reports, or SARs, filed by
federally insured financial institutions. It reported receiving 300% more SARs
last year than in 2001. The agency this year identified 26 states as having
"significant mortgage fraud problems."

U.S. attorney David Nahmias, with Georgia's northern district office, says
Georgia's problems revolve around Atlanta, where growing real estate schemers
find safety in all kinds of numbers.

"You have a lot of inflating prices for housing and a lot of legitimate
speculation," Nahmias said. "That allows the fraudsters to hide more of their
transactions among a sea of legitimate ones."

In many states, the high tide of home appreciation has drawn a growing number of
equity skimming swindles. Scott Bice, commissioner of Nevada's Mortgage Lending
Division, says many homeowners with poor credit have found themselves suddenly
equity rich. The combination makes for susceptible targets.

One recently cracked scheme pitched homeowners an equity loan with no payments
for three months. Equity would cover the payments and repair the homeowner's
credit, the spiel promised. The agent would refinance the homeowner into a low
interest loan. Easy as pie.

The fine print of the contract, however, stated the total loan amount was due in
120 days. After 90 days of no payments, the fraudsters filed delinquency papers.

"In the fourth month they foreclosed, sold the property and took the equity,"
Bice said.

Naive investors or nouveau riche homeowners aid mortgage crime in some markets.
Nahmias says the real estate crime culture around Atlanta has evolved into a
professionalized network.

"We've seen quite a bit of fraudsters training fraudsters," he said. "Somebody
who operates as a recruiter or straw purchaser in one fraud ring then sets off
to start their own scheme."

Mortgage fraud is defined in different ways. The FBI draws a clear line between
mortgage fraud, where lenders suffer the loss, and predatory lending, which
targets consumers. Others, like the Mortgage Bankers Association, differentiate
fraud for ownership from fraud for profit.

The "white lie" strain of mortgage fraud can be what some call a victimless
crime. Tom Pool, assistant commissioner of the California Department of Real
Estate, says that in many cases, the state's vaulting real estate values have
eased the usual impact of some crimes.

"Because of the hyperappreciation we've had, there are cases where frauds have
been perpetrated on lenders, but there is enough appreciation and value in the
property that there is no damage," Pool said.

Other schemes, particularly flipping, in which properties are resold fast at
inflated prices, can drive up community tax assessments while driving down real
property values.

Will the level of fraud fall as real estate markets downshift? Nahmias, in
Atlanta, says yes and no.

Less property appreciation will likely lead to less real estate speculation,
making it more difficult to hide the illegitimate deals. The flip side is
fraudsters will become more ingenious and aggressive as they struggle to
maintain their incomes.

"We don't see the trouble going away because of market changes any time soon,"
Nahmias said.

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2005 Investor's Business Daily, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             398 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                            June 10, 1993, Thursday

6 ARRESTED IN CALIF. AUTO FRAUD RING STATE HIRES 26 UNDERCOVER AGENTS

BYLINE: From Wire Reports

SECTION: INSURANCE, Pg. 8A

LENGTH: 504 words

DATELINE: LOS ANGELES


California Insurance Commissioner John Garamendi Tuesday announced the arrests
of six suspects in a $ 250,000 Sacramento-based automobile-insurance fraud ring
and the hiring of almost four dozen new fraud investigators by the Department of
Insurance fraud division.

At a Los Angeles ceremony, Mr. Garamendi swore in 26 undercover officers
assigned to that jurisdiction. A total of 44 investigators have been hired
tatewide, to bring the department's fraud-fighting force to 93 officers.

The new officers will be assigned to teams that primarily will investigate
staged auto-insurance fraud, workers compensation fraud and health-insurance
fraud.

They come from a variety of other state agencies, many of which recently
suffered budget cuts, including the Department of Justice, State Police,
California Highway Patrol and Alcoholic Beverage Control.

While the majority of the new staff will cover the Los Angeles area, new
investigative teams will also operate out of Sacramento, the San Francisco Bay
Area, and Orange and San Diego counties, Mr. Garamendi said.

The need for the officers was dramatized by the arrest Tuesday of the alleged
insurance fraud ring, all members of a Sacramento family.

Those arrested, believed to have operated statewide from bases in Sacramento,
Los Angeles and the San Francisco Bay Area, are suspected of having staged at
least 15 auto accidents in the state capital alone, Mr. Garamendi said.

The six individuals are specifically charged with staging a hit-and-run
collision in Sacramento in May 1992. It is charged that the Somxay Sida family
faked the accident and received various medical treatments for their alleged
injuries at a number of chiropractic clinics.

Inflated medical bills were then submitted to the insurance company, Allstate ,
which became suspicious of the claim and reported it to the department's fraud
division. Allstate's total exposure could have been as high as $ 50,000.

The investigation began eight months ago as a joint effort between the
department's fraud division, the California Highway Patrol, the U.S. Federal
Bureau of Investigation, the U.S. Postal Inspectors Service and the National
Insurance Crime Bureau.

The Insurance Commissioner said the ring is probably responsible for
fraudulently billing a number of insurance companies for more than $ 250,000.
Thirty-six search warrants have previously been served throughout California in
connection with this case, including three chiropractic clinics, nine law
offices, three other medical clinics, 15 residences and an auto body shop, the
regulator said.

Last year, the department opened 7,900 case files of suspected auto- insurance
fraud and received 5,449 referrals of workers compensation fraud. The number of
suspected workers compensation referrals - for just the first five months of
this year - has already skyrocketed to more than 4,000. During the same time
period, January 1992 to the present, the department's fraud bureau arrested only
257 individuals.

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1993 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.

                             399 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Charleston Daily Mail (West Virginia)

                           December 12, 2008, Friday

Nation & world

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P3A

LENGTH: 440 words


Ex-Nasdaq chief

faces fraud charge

NEW YORK - A Wall Street powerbroker for nearly 50 years who built an
influential firm has confessed to a massive fraud scheme that will cost
investors at least $50 billion, federal authorities say.

Bernard L. Madoff, 70, facing a single count of securities fraud, declined to
speak with reporters after a federal magistrate judge in U.S. District Court in
Manhattan ordered him released Thursday night on $10 million bail.

Andrew Calamari, associate director of enforcement in the Securities and
Exchange Commission's New York office, said the SEC had filed a civil securities
fraud charge as well and was alleging "a stunning fraud that appears to be of
epic proportions."

Barn fire in Wash.

kills 15 horses

TACOMA, Wash. - Fire officials say 15 horses have died in a fire at a boarding
stable in Washington.

Flames and dense smoke prevented stable owners and firefighters from rescuing
the horses Thursday night at the Eckstein Farms stable near Summit, southeast of
Tacoma.

Chief Doug Willis of Central Pierce Fire & Rescue says the horses were all in
their stalls. Willis says firefighters "tried to get them out.''

Vatican leaders rail

against stem cells

VATICAN CITY - The Vatican is raising its opposition to embryonic stem cell
research, in vitro fertilization and human cloning to a new level.

But the Vatican is also saying in a major new bioethics document that it
approves of some forms of gene therapy and encourages stem cell research using
adult cells. And it says parents could in good conscience inoculate their
children with vaccines produced with cells derived from aborted fetuses.

Police key unlocks

the chains of love

DEARBORN, Mich. - If you love something, set it free. And if you can't, call the
police.

Police in suburban Detroit responded to a call Thursday by a man who handcuffed
his wife to their bed but misplaced the key.

Dearborn police used a universal key to free the woman.

Sgt. Ray Patrick calls the situation "more of an intimate relationship than an
unlawful imprisonment."

Aniston bares

all on cover of GQ

NEW YORK - Jennifer Aniston wears a tie - and nothing else - on the January
cover of GQ magazine.

The 39-year-old actress strips down and shows off her toned body next to the
headline: "Is it just us or is Jennifer Aniston getting hotter?"

Joking about the relentless media coverage of herself, ex-husband Brad Pitt and
Pitt's partner Angelina Jolie, Aniston tells the magazine: "The funny thing is
that people don't realize we all go away to the Hamptons on the weekends."

Not exactly. Says Aniston: "But can you imagine? That'd be hysterical: I've got
Zahara on my hip, and Knox . . ."

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 Charleston Newspapers

                             400 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                            February 21, 2011 Monday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Simplifying federal tax code will help reduce fraud

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6A

LENGTH: 459 words


USA TODAY's article "Inmates stole $39 million from the IRS in 2009" serves to
highlight that  the wealthy are not the only ones trying to get extra money
back, avoid taxes or  pay less than their obligation  under the current federal
tax system.  Income tax evasion and fraud cut across all income tax brackets
(News, Cover story, Wednesday).

A complex system of exemptions, deductions and credits creates a mentality that
others aren't paying their fair share, so why should I? It creates a false
perception  of tax evasion and fraud as victimless crimes. But the victims are
the countless taxpayers  who pay and file their taxes in a timely, accurate
manner. They are subsidizing all the tax cheats.

It is time to simplify the tax code and stop using it to advance political
agendas or to accomplish social engineering.

Every year, I pay my Pennsylvania income tax, and I am reminded how simple and
fair it is. Take your income and multiply it by the current tax rate, a flat
3.07%, and arrive at your tax obligation.  Simple. There are very few
adjustments, credits or exemptions. The system is fair. Low-income
Pennsylvanians have their tax obligations forgiven.  For Pennsylvania retirees,
Social Security and pension income do not count as taxable income.

By using the Pennsylvania income tax system, much of the fraud and abuse that
occur with the current federal income tax system could be eliminated

Mark J. Shulkosky

St. Marys, Pa.

Scams hurt honest taxpayers

USA TODAY's cover story on  inmates and tax fraud just added to my distress.  So
much fraud exists in Social Security and Medicare, too.

I would like to see much more money added to the budget and slated for searching
for and  eliminating fraud in all government programs.  Many people depend on
Social Security and Medicare payments.  The benefits should not be cut for those
who have contributed to and deserve  them. Fraud in IRS filings, and in
entitlement programs, hurts everyone.

Peggy Ward Rawheiser

Wilmington, Del.

Who is minding the store?

Your article on inmates stealing money from the IRS through the use of
fraudulent tax refund requests was interesting, but it failed completely to
identify and answer three key questions:

*Why did Iowa, with  8,485 prisoners, have  $0 of fraudulent tax refunds issued?

*Why did Georgia, with about half the number of  prisoners as Florida, rank
second?

*Why did the Federal Bureau of Prisons rank near the top of the list, regardless
of the number of inmates they have?

Who  is watching the store? Shouldn't it be fairly easy to tell if someone is in
prison? And, if someone is, then shouldn't that be a clue  for the IRS to check
the paperwork carefully? Maybe the IRS should turn over  its  duties to Iowa!

Frank L. Bracy Jr.

Three Rivers, Mich.

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, Manuel Balce Ceneta, AP

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2011 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             401 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                      March 4, 1988, Friday, City Edition

Dealers charged with fraud

SECTION: BUSINESS; business digest; Pg. 10C

LENGTH: 381 words

DATELINE: MIAMI; CHICAGO; NEW YORK; WASHINGTON



MIAMI - Three account executives with an alleged Broward County    boiler-room
operation have been charged in a federal complaint over the    sale of contracts
for precious metals, the U.S. attorney's office    reported. Robert Gallner of
Coral Springs and James Kindsey Sharpless    of Fort Lauderdale were charged
Tuesday with mail fraud and wire fraud    while with Atlantic Gold Coins Inc. of
Fort Lauderdale. Michael D.    Stewart of Boca Raton was charged with concealing
felonies allegedly    committed by Jack Rose, who controlled the company.



 Merc raises margin amount    CHICAGO - The Chicago Mercantile Exchange has
raised the margin    requirements on its stock-index futures by 2 percentage
points in    response to a call for better coordination of the country's
financial    markets, officials said Thursday. The change, approved Wednesday by
the    exchange's board of governors, requires traders of the Merc's Standard
& Poor's 500 stock-index futures to post payments equal to 15 percent    of the
value of the contracts being traded, instead of 13 percent as    previously.



 Xerox to redeem shares    NEW YORK - Xerox Corp. said Thursday it would redeem
$ 365-million in    preferred shares issued in 1983 to help finance its
acquisition of Crum    and Forster Inc., a property and casualty insurance
company based in    Morristown, N.J. Xerox said it would pay $ 52.725 each for
6.94-million    preferred shares that pay an annual dividend of $ 5.45. Holders
of the    other 1.9-million shares of the preferred issue previously agreed to
    exchange their shares for a new issue of preferred stock.



 USAir orders 50 jetliners    WASHINGTON - USAir has agreed to buy 50 Boeing 737
jetliners with    options for 30 additional aircraft, a deal worth $ 2.4-billion
if all    the options are exercised, the airline said Thursday. Delivery of the
    new jets will begin in April 1989 and continue through December 1991.

 The twin-engine, short-to-medium range aircraft is the most popular jet    ever
sold by Seattle-based Boeing Co. The deal with USAir brings to      2,001 Boeing
737s on order.



LOAD-DATE: November 10, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: DIGEST

                            Times Publishing Company

                             402 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                           February 26, 2009 Thursday

Pleasanton exec pleads guilty to mail fraud

BYLINE: FROM STAFF REPORTS

SECTION: MY TOWN; Alameda; Crime; News; Local

LENGTH: 197 words


The president of a Pleasanton software-employee recruiting service has pleaded
guilty to mail fraud, admitting a scheme in which he defrauded investors by
telling them his firm was connected to a Silicon Valley giant.

John Kevin Thompson, 45, was president of TUSK, federal prosecutors say. He now
admits that in 2004, he promoted his company to a Newport Beach investor and
others as having ties with Sun Microsystems which didn't actually exist; he
provided bogus financial documents and notarized documents with faked
signatures. He then used the fraudulently obtained investments to repay earlier
investors, pay TUSK's operating costs and augment his own salary above its
agreed-upon limit.

A federal grand jury indicted Thompson in August on charges of mail fraud, wire
fraud and money laundering; he pleaded guilty Wednesday to one mail fraud count,
and is scheduled to be sentenced June 3 by U.S. District Judge Claudia Wilken in
Oakland. Mail fraud is punishable by up to 20 years in federal prison and a fine
of up to $250,000, but Thompson's plea agreement calls for two years and three
months in prison, three years of probation and payment of almost $596,000 in
restitution.

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2009 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved

                             403 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                             May 16, 2007 Wednesday

Utah cedes loan fraud throne

BYLINE: By Paul Beebe The Salt Lake Tribune

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 545 words


An unexpected surge of fraud reports in recent months has knocked Utah from its
first-place position as the country's mortgage fraud leader, the Mortgage Asset
Research Institute (MARI) said Wednesday.

Preliminary figures released in March showed Utah had moved into the top spot
for home-mortgage fraud, based on 2006 data compiled by Virginia-based MARI. The
new data paint a somewhat better, but still sobering picture of Utah.

The state dropped to fifth in the nation for loans showing signs of fraud or
misrepresentation. The reported fraud rate was 22 percent higher than what would
be expected for a state with Utah's population and number of loan originations,
said Merle Sharick, a MARI vice president and national manager of business
development.

Florida was ranked the top state for mortgage fraud, followed by California,
Michigan and Georgia.

On a per-capita basis, Utah was said in March to have 2 1/2 times the national
average of loans containing alleged fraud or serious misrepresenta- tion.

Sub-prime lending was still a big problem, but not as bad as MARI thought. In
that lending area, Utah was No. 2, with a fraud rate that was twice the national
average. In March, the Utah rate was three times the U.S. rate, Sharick said.

Jack Marinello, who trains First American Title Agency escrow and title officers
in Utah to spot fraudulent loans, said the improvement is still discouraging.

"Any fraud or misrepresentation, even if it's 1 percent higher than the national
average, is totally unacceptable," said Marinello, who is developing a fraud
-detection course for the Utah Division of Real Estate. "I'm pleased that we
don't hold the distinction of being No. 1, but loan fraud hurts everyone."

MARI changed Utah's ranking because of an "unprecedented" influx in additional
reports that arrived as the preliminary numbers were being wrapped up, according
to Sharick.

"It's really a reflection of what's going on in the mortgage industry," he said.
"A drastic number of submissions caused the numbers to change."

Fraudulent loans hurt consumers because lenders charge higher interest rates to
protect themselves. In Utah, the premium could be as much as 0.375 of a
percentage point. Dishonest lending also leads to artificially high property
values and elevated foreclosure rates.

The result can hurt values of surrounding properties, said John Norman,
executive director of the Utah Mortgage Lenders Association.

"It doesn't matter if [Utah's ranking] is one, two, five, 15 or 50," he said.
"Mortgage fraud is a problem because it hurts lenders, it hurts consumers, it
hurts communities and it hurts our economy."

Types of mortgage fraud

* APPLICATION FRAUD: Buyers lie on a loan application or supporting documents to
ensure they qualify for a home loan, or so they can borrow a larger amount of
money.

* "STRAW" BUYERS: Crooks use someone else's identity to obtain a mortgage and
can pursue a related type of fraud called equity skimming, in which they cash
out of any equity in the property.

* LENDER FRAUD: Lenders want so badly to make a loan, they lie on a loan
application to ensure it will be approved.

* LEASE SCAMS: Buyers may think they are getting a home but are actually signing
long-term lease agreements with an option to buy the home sometime in the
future.

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved

                             404 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Telegram & Gazette (Massachusetts)

                            January 12, 2016 Tuesday
                              Worcester TG Edition

Former Direct Air execs charged with fraud

BYLINE: Telegram & Gazette staff

SECTION: NEWS; 10

LENGTH: 598 words



HIGHLIGHT: Federal government charges three Direct Air executives with bank and
wire fraud in NJ. By Aaron Nicodemus 21 in. w/file photo


Three former executives for Direct Air -- the charter airline that flew out of
Worcester Regional Airport until it closed suddenly in 2012 -- have been charged
with wire and bank fraud in U.S. District Court in New Jersey.

The former chief financial officer for Direct Air, Robert Keilman, pleaded
guilty to one count of conspiracy to commit bank and wire fraud in federal court
in September 2015. He was scheduled to be sentenced last week to up to five
years in prison and to pay $250,000 restitution in the case, but the hearing was
rescheduled to July.

According to Mr. Keilman's plea agreement, he admitted to participating in a
"double-dipping" scheme in which he and two other Direct Air executives received
money from a New Jersey bank that was holding customer flight fees in escrow,
money to which they were not entitled; and for inflating passenger revenue
figures, so the bank would release more money to them than they were entitled.

Two other Direct Air executives, Judy Tull, 70, of Denton, Texas; and Kay
Ellison, 55, of Kentucky, were each charged with one count of conspiracy to
commit wire fraud and bank fraud, seven counts of wire fraud, and seven counts
of bank fraud. A news release from the U.S. Department of Justice said Ms. Tull
and Ms. Ellison "were the co-owners and, respectively, the chief executive
officer and managing partner of Southern Air & Tours, doing business as Myrtle
Beach Direct Air & Tours (Direct Air), a public charter flight operator
headquartered in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina."

The indictment alleges that Ms. Tull, who handled Direct Air's flight
operations, and Ms. Ellison, who was involved in its customer reservations,
"made or caused others to make 'ghost' reservations for fictitious passengers in
Direct Air's reservation system; submitted fraudulent documents, including
request for payments and summary reports to the bank; requested payment for
certain amounts on two occasions; and concealed the criminal activity and their
participation in the criminal activity," the release stated.

According to the indictment, in or around March 2012, Direct Air ceased
operations and at that time, passengers had purchased tens of thousands of
tickets for future travel, the funds for which should have been in the escrow
account. At that time, however, the indictment alleges that the escrow account
was $30 million short.

Another Direct Air executive, Edward S. Warneck of Myrtle Beach, South Carolina,
has filed for personal bankruptcy, and is named in civil litigation filed in
federal bankruptcy court by the New Jersey bank. He has not, however, been
criminally charged by federal prosecutors.

A bankruptcy case against Direct Air has been concluded, according to Worcester
attorney Joseph Baldiga, of the firm Mirick O'Connell, who was served as the
trustee. In 2014, Mr. Keilman paid $250,000 to settle claims levied against him
in the bankruptcy case, while Ms. Tull and Ms. Ellison agreed to pay back
$102,000, according to federal bankruptcy court records.

Direct Air was a charter airline that operated out of 17 small airports,
including Worcester's, before it ceased operations in March 2012. Thousands of
people who had paid for flights were left stranded, although many received the
money back from their credit card companies. Those who paid with debit cards, or
in cash, have only been reimbursed -- so far -- for about 26 percent of what
they paid, Mr. Baldiga said. Two of the banks in the case are still involved in
bankruptcy litigation, he said, and some money might be returned to Direct Air
customers once the case is settled.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2016 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             405 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                            October 23, 2015 Friday

Two Psychologists Charged in $25.2 Million Fraud Scheme Involving Psychological
Testing in Gulf Coast States

LENGTH: 510  words


Two clinical psychologists were charged today with participating in a $25
million Medicare fraud scheme involving psychological testing in nursing homes
in Gulf Coast states.

Assistant Attorney General Leslie R. Caldwell of the Justice Department's
Criminal Division, U.S. Attorney Kenneth A. Polite of the Eastern District of
Louisiana, Special Agent in Charge Michael J. Anderson of the FBI's New Orleans
Field Office and Special Agent in Charge C.J. Porter of the U.S. Department of
Health and Human Services Office of Inspector General's (HHS-OIG) Dallas
Regional Office made the announcement.

Beverly Stubblefield, Ph.D., 62, of Slidell, Louisiana, and John Teal, Ph.D.,
46, of Jackson, Mississippi, were charged by a superseding indictment with
conspiracy to commit health care fraud and conspiracy to make false statements
related to health care matters.  Two other defendants, Rodney Hesson, Psy.D.,
46, and Gertrude Parker, 62, both of Slidell, were charged in the initial
indictment returned in June 2015 in connection with a large-scale Medicare Fraud
takedown, and were also charged in today's superseding indictment.

According to the superseding indictment, Hesson and Parker owned and controlled
Nursing Home Psychological Service (NHPS) and Psychological Care Services (PCS),
each of which operated in Louisiana, Mississippi, Florida and Alabama.  The
superseding indictment alleges that NHPS and PCS contracted with nursing homes
in these states to allow NHPS and PCS clinical psychologists, including
Stubblefield, Teal and Hesson, to administer to nursing home residents
psychological tests and related services that were not necessary and, in some
instances, never provided.

According to the superseding indictment, between 2009 and 2015, NHPS and PCS
submitted more than $25.2 million in claims to Medicare.  Medicare paid
approximately $17 million on those claims.

The charges and allegations contained in an indictment are merely accusations.
The defendants are presumed innocent unless and until proven guilty.

The case is being investigated by the FBI and HHS-OIG, and was brought as part
of the Medicare Fraud Strike Force, under the supervision of the Criminal
Division's Fraud Section and the U.S. Attorney's Office of the Eastern District
of Louisiana.  The case is being prosecuted by Trial Attorneys William Kanellis
and Antonio Pozos of the Criminal Division's Fraud Section and Assistant U.S.
Attorney Patrice Harris Sullivan of the Eastern District of Louisiana.

Since its inception in March 2007, the Medicare Fraud Strike Force, now
operating in nine cities across the country, has charged over 2,300 defendants
who collectively have billed the Medicare program for over $7 billion.  In
addition, the HHS Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services, working in
conjunction with the HHS-OIG, are taking steps to increase accountability and
decrease the presence of fraudulent providers.

To learn more about the Health Care Fraud Prevention and Enforcement Action Team
(HEAT), go to: www.stopmedicarefraud.gov . 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             406 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                          Sacramento Bee (California)

                          September 24, 2005, Saturday

Pair indicted in fraud case

BYLINE: By Jon Ortiz

LENGTH: 281 words



A federal grand jury has indicted two Bay Area men on charges their "mortgage
elimination" service defrauded lenders of millions of dollars in Northern
California and across the country.

Dale Scott Heineman, 45, and Kurt F. Johnson, 42, were each charged with one
count of conspiracy to commit mail fraud, wire fraud and bank fraud; 26 counts
of mail fraud; and 19 counts of bank fraud.

Papers filed in U.S. District Court in Oakland on Thursday allege the men
created a "fictitious entity," The Dorean Group, that filed false title
documents indicating that its clients' home mortgage and equity loans were paid
off.

According to the court documents, some of the clients then got new loans and
split the money with Dorean, which operated in Union City before moving to
Newark.

Court documents show the scheme included 17 properties in nine states with a
total loan value of $ 5 million, including one home in Sacramento and two in
Grass Valley.

Heineman and Johnson are in a Salt Lake City jail on state fraud charges. No
date has been set for their return to California.

Each conspiracy and mail fraud count carries a maximum penalty of 30 years in
prison and a $ 1 million fine. The bank fraud counts each carry a maximum
penalty of 30 years in prison and a $ 1 million fine.


-----

To see more of The Sacramento Bee, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.sacbee.com. Copyright (c) 2005, The Sacramento Bee, Calif.

Distributed by Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News.

For information on republishing this content, contact us at (800) 661-2511
(U.S.), (213) 237-4914 (worldwide), fax (213) 237-6515, or e-mail
reprints@krtinfo.com.

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

KR-ACC-NO: SA-LOAN-FRAUD-20050924

JOURNAL-CODE: SA

               Copyright 2005 Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News
                   Copyright 2005 Sacramento Bee (California)

                             407 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                American Banker

                           August 21, 2013 Wednesday

Mortgage Fraud Reports Dropped 25% in 2012: Fincen

BYLINE: Chris Cumming

SECTION: CONSUMER FINANCE Vol. 178 No. 129

LENGTH: 228  words


Suspected mortgage fraud is on the decline, according to the Financial Crimes
Enforcement Network.

Reports of suspected fraud received by the regulator fell by 25% last year, to
just under 70,000, according to Fincen's report on fraud filings for 2012,
released Tuesday. It was the first year in the survey's history that fraud
reports fell, after growing every year from 2001 to 2011.

The drop followed an "unusual spike" in fraud reports in 2011, due in part to
the mortgage reviews conducted by large banks that year, Fincen said.

The biggest crop of suspected frauds was associated with loans originated in the
years immediately before the financial crisis. An "extraordinary concentration"
of suspected fraudulent mortgages were originated in 2006 and 2007 - more than
137,000 in each year, compared with just under 10,000 in 2012, the report notes.

It often takes several years to identify and report possible mortgage frauds,
however. Fifty-seven percent of suspected frauds are reported five or more years
after the loans were originated, the report says.

California, Florida and New York were the states with the most suspected
mortgage frauds in 2012. California, Nevada and Florida were the three highest
in number of fraud filings per person.

Fincen announced a reorganization in June designed to improve its anti-money
laundering and counterterrorism operations.

URL: http://www.americanbanker.com

LOAD-DATE: August 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AMERICANBANKER_AB


                        Copyright 2013 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             408 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Monterey County Herald (California)

                           September 27, 2009 Sunday

The State: Fraud suspect brought back from Spain

BYLINE: The Monterey County Herald

SECTION: STATE

LENGTH: 530 words


SACRAMENTO
Fraud suspect brought back from Spain

A 28-year-old Sacramento man who led authorities on an international manhunt is
back in California facing federal charges from an alleged mortgage fraud scheme.

Garret Griffith Gililland III, a former bodybuilder with heavily tattooed arms,
entered a not guilty plea Friday through his attorney in U.S. District Court in
Sacramento.

Authorities are investigating Gililland's alleged role in a $100million mortgage
fraud ring based in the Sacramento suburb of Roseville. He is charged with 24
counts.

Court documents say he and two associates had defrauded investors and mortgage
companies since 2006.

Gililland fled in June 2008 with at least $250,000 in cash. He, his wife and
their 3-year-old daughter went to Colombia then to a Spanish village on the
Mediterranean coast.

His wife remains in Spain and is fighting extradition.

SAN FRANCISCO
Zoo rescues man from grizzly exhibit

San Francisco Zoo officials say a man managed to get inside a grizzly bear
exhibit but had no contact with the bears and was rescued without apparent
injury.

Zoo spokeswoman Gwendolyn Tornate says the man entered the exhibit about 5p.m.
Saturday while grizzlies were still inside.

Tornate says in a statement that a shooting team fired a warning shot to keep
the bears at bay and staffers secured the bears inside their dens without
incident.

Tornate says paramedics reached the man and he was unresponsive, but conscious
and had no apparent injuries.

She did not say how the man got into the enclosure. Zoo officials and San
Francisco police are investigating.

On Christmas Day 2007, a 17-year-old boy was killed at the zoo by a Siberian
tiger that escaped its enclosure.

OAKLAND
Alleged gunman turns himself in

Police have arrested an alleged gunman they believe led them into a 10-hour
standoff at the same building where two Oakland officers were shot in March.

Oakland police spokesman Jeff Thomason says 20-year-old Antoine Harris turned
himself in Saturday and was being questioned by detectives.

The standoff began Friday when a 21-year-old man was shot and wounded in East
Oakland.

Police thought Harris fled into the apartment building, but the Alameda County
sheriff's SWAT team found no one when they stormed the unit Friday night.

On March 21, parolee Lovelle Mixon fatally shot two officers at the building
after they stormed it. Mixon, 27, had earlier killed two other officers during a
traffic stop. Police later shot and killed him.

LOS ANGELES
Police search for hit-and-run driver

Police are searching for the registered owner of the car that struck and killed
a 19-year-old woman and injured a 37-year-old woman and 14-year-old girl as they
crossed a street in the Boyle Heights area of Los Angeles.

Sgt. Egon Keil says the light blue 1993 Chrysler Concord is registered to Carol
Vega, who investigators believe was behind the wheel at the time of Friday
night's hit-and-run. The car sped away after the crash.

The three victims were taken to County-USC Medical Center, where Guadalupe
Colmenares was pronounced dead.

The two other victims remain hospitalized. The older woman is in critical
condition. The condition of the girl is unknown.

Herald wire services

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 The Monterey County Herald
                              All Rights Reserved

                             409 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                March 18, 1999, Thursday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

BAPTIST LEADER PLEADS GUILTY TO FEDERAL TAX EVASION, FRAUD;
LYONS ALREADY HAD BEEN CONVICTED OF SWINDLING

BYLINE: The Associated Press

SECTION: NEWS, Pg. A16

LENGTH: 297 words

DATELINE: TAMPA, FLA.


Already convicted of state swindling charges, the Rev. Henry Lyons pleaded
guilty Wednesday to federal tax evasion and fraud stemming from his running of
the National Baptist Convention USA.

"In 60 or more days, the federal and state government will take my body and lock
it up, but my soul and my mind will never be shackled and will always serve
God," Lyons said later.

He pleaded guilty on one count of bank fraud, two counts of tax evasion, one
count of making false statements to a bank officer and one count of making false
statements to the federal government.

Other charges were dropped in return for his guilty plea. The charges paralleled
a state case in which he was convicted of fleecing more than $ 4million from
companies trying to do business with the black church organization.

Lyons' troubles began in July 1997 when his wife set fire to a $ 700,000
waterfront home he owned with another woman, Bernice Edwards of Milwaukee. She
was a co-defendant at Lyons' trial and was acquitted of racketeering charges.
She still faces trial on federal charges.

Lyons stole money from companies seeking to do business with church members and
inflated the number of people belonging to the Baptist group to lure the
companies.

Lyons acknowledged mistakes, saying he was truly sorry and willing to accept
responsibility for the misdeeds that occurred while he was leading the
convention.

The plea arrangement came one day after Lyons' tearful resignation. He was
convicted two weeks ago of state charges of racketeering and grand theft.

Lyons, 57, faces three years to seven years in prison under state guidelines for
those convictions. Sentencing is set for March 31.

The federal charges carry a total possible sentence of 75 years and hefty fines.



LOAD-DATE: July 8, 1999

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1999 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.

                             410 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Greeley Tribune (Colorado)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           February 25, 2010 Thursday

ID theft, fraud complaints decline in Greeley, Weld

BYLINE: Greeley Tribune, Colo.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 458 words


Feb. 25--Greeley/Weld County saw fewer complaints of identity theft and fraud
reported through the Federal Trade Commission in 2009, according to the Better
Business Bureau of northern Colorado and Wyoming. But it still ranks among the
worst in the country.

The metropolitan statistical area that includes Greeley ranks third in consumer
fraud complaints and ninth in identity theft complaints for 2009, according to
the Consumer Sentinel Network Data Book released Wednesday by the Federal Trade
Commission. In 2008, the area was second and 11th, respectively, according to a
prepared release by the BBB.

Greeley/Weld had 1,601 consumer complaints in 2009, or 656.8 complaints per
100,000 people, and 413 identity theft complaints, or 169.4 complaints per
100,000 people, the release stated.

In 2008, Greeley/Weld had 1,988 consumer complaints, or 839.3 per 100,000
people, and 584 identity theft complaints, or 246.6 per 100,000 people.

In comparison, the Fort Collins/Loveland area was 13th in consumer complaints
and 161st in identity theft complaints. Other Colorado cities on the list
include Boulder (fourth in consumer complaints, 67th in ID theft complaints),
Colorado Springs (11th in consumer complaints, 165th in ID theft complaints) and
Denver-Aurora (38th in consumer complaints, 50th in ID theft complaints),
according to the release.

The FTC report is compiled from information gathered by the FTC, law enforcement
agencies and private entities, including the BBB.

Colorado, with a total of 20,772 consumer fraud complaints, has the second
highest per-capita rate -- 412.4 per 100,000 residents -- of reported fraud and
other types of complaints in the nation. Nevada was first and New Hampshire was
third, the release stated.

Colorado ranks ninth for ID theft complaints with 4,775 complaints, or 95
complaints per 100,000 residents, the release stated.

The report noted that in Colorado, the largest amounts of consumer fraud
complaints were from Internet services

(9 percent), third party and creditor debt collection companies (9 percent),
foreign money offers and counterfeit check scams (7 percent).

The largest identity theft complaints were in employment-related fraud (25
percent), followed by credit card fraud (15 percent) and government documents
and benefits fraud (14 percent), according to the Sentinel report.

To see more of the Greeley Tribune, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.greeleytribune.com. Copyright (c) 2010, Greeley Tribune, Colo.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100225-GY-ID-theft-fraud-complaints-decline-in-Greeley-Weld-0225

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GY


                         Copyright 2010 Greeley Tribune

                             411 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                 The Daily Record of Rochester (Rochester, NY)

                          September 14, 2005 Wednesday

N.Y. Senate schedules hearing on Medicaid fraud legislation

BYLINE: Daily Record Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 492 words


The New York State Senate will hold a public hearing on Wednesday, Sept. 21 to
discuss legislation passed by the Senate last spring designed to combat the
problem of Medicaid fraud.

The hearing, to be held in Albany, is the first of several public hearings
throughout the state asking for input on Medicaid fraud legislation. It will be
conducted jointly by the Senate Committees on Health and Social Services,
Children and Families along with the Senate Medicaid Reform Task Force. Specific
dates, times and locations for the other Senate public hearings will be
announced as they are finalized.

The Senate introduced and passed legislation during the 2005 legislative session
(S.3685-B) to establish an independent Office of Medicaid Inspector General.
The purpose of the Office of Medicaid Inspector General would be to integrate,
consolidate and coordinate the investigation of Medicaid fraud related
activities of state and local governments within the state and, where necessary,
to coordinate or contribute to the prosecution of fraud.

The Assembly did not act on the Senate legislation. On Aug. 5, Gov. George
Pataki signed an executive order to establish such an office.

In 2005, New York's Medicaid expenditures are projected to exceed $44.5 billion.

 The General Accounting Office estimates that fraud accounts for approximately
10 percent of all Medicaid spending.  That said, other studies suggest that
fraud could consume up to 25 percent of certain segments of the state's Medicaid
budget.

Based on these projections, fraud, waste and abuse within New York's Medicaid
program could cost taxpayers $4.5 billion during the current fiscal year.

According to a U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) report, the
state's Medicaid Fraud Control Unit (MFCU) received $30.6 million in federal
grants to fight fraud during federal fiscal year 2003.  When coupled with the 25
percent state match, the MFCU had 295 employees and recovered $24.4 million.

In comparison, Florida recovered $21 million, with $8.6 million in federal
grants and 127 employees; Texas recovered $31 million, with $2.8 million in
federal grants and 43 employees; the District of Columbia recovered $13 million,
with $1.2 million in federal grants and 16 employees; New Jersey recovered $42.6
million, with $2.2 million in federal grants and 36 employees; and California
recovered $39.4 million, with $16.2 million in federal grants and 189 employees.

During the three-year period federal fiscal year 2001-2003, New York's MFCU
recovered an average of 72 cents for every $1 in federal grant funding received.

 As compared with the three-year averages for California ($1.98), Florida
($3.14), Texas ($4.96) and New Jersey ($5.76), New York could have realized
hundreds of millions of dollars in additional recoveries by achieving a similar
rate of return.

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Government activity

                      Copyright 2005 Dolan Media Newswires
                                All Rights Reserved

                             412 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                US Official News

                            October 26, 2015 Monday

Washington: Fifteen Individuals Indicted in Stolen Property Fraud Ring

LENGTH: 751 words

DATELINE: Lahore



    Washington: Federal Bureau of Investigation has issued the following news
release:



 On Tuesday, October 20, 2015, a federal grand jury in East St. Louis, IL,
returned a 17 count indictment charging 15 individuals, including a Madison, IL,
business owner, with numerous charges arising from a stolen property fraud ring,
the United States Attorney for the Southern District of Illinois, Stephen R.
Wigginton, announced.





 The indictment alleges that the leader of this fraud ring, Jason J. Parmeley,
42, formerly of O&rsquo;Fallon, MO, conducted this fraud scheme from Mexico.
According to the indictment, Parmeley used the Internet to obtain credit account
numbers that individuals and businesses had with retail stores, such as Home
Depot, Lowes, Menards, and rental stores, such as SunBelt Rentals. Using this
information, Parmeley placed orders with the stores in the names of, and under
the credit accounts of, the individuals and businesses. The items Parmeley
ordered frequently consisted of appliances, expensive tools, and construction
equipment. The indictment charges that, after he placed the orders, Parmeley
dispatched drivers to go to the stores and pick up the items. The items were
then sold at prices substantially below retail. The profits were then wire
transferred to Parmeley in Mexico.



 &ldquo;Essentially, we allege that Parmeley and his gang committed identity
theft, not only stealing the electronic identity of individuals, but also
stealing the electronic identity of businesses. I urge anyone who thinks that
they might have been affected by this scheme to report their case to my
office.&rdquo; said United States Attorney Wigginton.



 The retail and rental stores victimized by this scheme were located in various
parts of the United States, including Arizona, California, Colorado,
Connecticut, Georgia, Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Michigan, Missouri, Oklahoma, and
Virginia. Some of the victimized stores were located within the Southern
District of Illinois, including stores in Collinsville, Granite City, and
O&rsquo;Fallon, IL.



 The indictment also charges that James D. Litchfield, 58, owner of Big
Jim&rsquo;s Autorama in Madison, IL, purchased many items which he knew had been
obtained by fraud. These items were delivered to Litchfield at Big Jim&rsquo;s
Autorama. The indictment further alleges that Litchfield provided two trucks
that were used by his co-conspirators to pick up fraudulently ordered items.



 The other defendants charged in the indictment are: Angel Speed, 25, formerly
of O&rsquo;Fallon, MO, Sean A. Shields, 47, of Ozark, MO, Shannan Flora, 41, of
Vienna, IL, Alice J. Hembree, 43, of O&rsquo;Fallon, MO, Tony G. Robertson, 43,
of O&rsquo;Fallon, MO, Steven J. Belcher, 44, of Wentzville, MO, Jesse S. Urias,
36, of Los Angeles, CA, Ryan P. Litchfield, 37, of O&rsquo;Fallon, MO, Rigoberto
Gutierrez, 26, of Compton, CA, Russell J. Witt, 33, of New Baltimore, MI, Bryce
E. Atkinson, 21, of Lake Saint Louis, MO, Nicholas A. Brockman, 20, of
Wentzville, MO, and Benedict G. Pellerito, 55, of Troy, MO.



 Both James D. Litchfield and Ryan P. Litchfield were arrested yesterday. Their
trial date has been set for December 21, 2015.



 In late August of this year, Mexican Immigration Authorities deported Parmeley
from Mexico. Parmeley is currently in federal custody in Alabama on an unrelated
bank fraud charge. The remaining defendants are expected to appear for
arraignment within the next two weeks.



 The charges contained in the indictment include conspiracy to commit wire
fraud, conspiracy to transport property obtained by fraud in interstate
commerce, wire fraud, interstate transportation of property obtained by fraud,
possession of property obtained by fraud, money laundering, and aggravated
identity theft. The indictment also seeks forfeiture of the proceeds of the
fraud scheme.



 The investigation is being conducted by agents from the St. Louis Division of
the Federal Bureau of Investigation (&ldquo;FBI&rdquo;). The FBI has received
substantial assistance from many state and local police departments in numerous
jurisdictions, including the Metro East Auto Theft Task Force. The case is being
prosecuted by Assistant United States Attorney Scott A. Verseman.



 An indictment is a formal charge against a defendant. Under the law, that
charge is merely an accusation and the defendant is presumed innocent unless
proven guilty.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: October 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright2015Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             413 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                US Official News

                            October 26, 2015 Monday

Washington: Fifteen Individuals Indicted in Stolen Property Fraud Ring

LENGTH: 751 words

DATELINE: Lahore



    Washington: Federal Bureau of Investigation has issued the following news
release:



 On Tuesday, October 20, 2015, a federal grand jury in East St. Louis, IL,
returned a 17 count indictment charging 15 individuals, including a Madison, IL,
business owner, with numerous charges arising from a stolen property fraud ring,
the United States Attorney for the Southern District of Illinois, Stephen R.
Wigginton, announced.





 The indictment alleges that the leader of this fraud ring, Jason J. Parmeley,
42, formerly of O&rsquo;Fallon, MO, conducted this fraud scheme from Mexico.
According to the indictment, Parmeley used the Internet to obtain credit account
numbers that individuals and businesses had with retail stores, such as Home
Depot, Lowes, Menards, and rental stores, such as SunBelt Rentals. Using this
information, Parmeley placed orders with the stores in the names of, and under
the credit accounts of, the individuals and businesses. The items Parmeley
ordered frequently consisted of appliances, expensive tools, and construction
equipment. The indictment charges that, after he placed the orders, Parmeley
dispatched drivers to go to the stores and pick up the items. The items were
then sold at prices substantially below retail. The profits were then wire
transferred to Parmeley in Mexico.



 &ldquo;Essentially, we allege that Parmeley and his gang committed identity
theft, not only stealing the electronic identity of individuals, but also
stealing the electronic identity of businesses. I urge anyone who thinks that
they might have been affected by this scheme to report their case to my
office.&rdquo; said United States Attorney Wigginton.



 The retail and rental stores victimized by this scheme were located in various
parts of the United States, including Arizona, California, Colorado,
Connecticut, Georgia, Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Michigan, Missouri, Oklahoma, and
Virginia. Some of the victimized stores were located within the Southern
District of Illinois, including stores in Collinsville, Granite City, and
O&rsquo;Fallon, IL.



 The indictment also charges that James D. Litchfield, 58, owner of Big
Jim&rsquo;s Autorama in Madison, IL, purchased many items which he knew had been
obtained by fraud. These items were delivered to Litchfield at Big Jim&rsquo;s
Autorama. The indictment further alleges that Litchfield provided two trucks
that were used by his co-conspirators to pick up fraudulently ordered items.



 The other defendants charged in the indictment are: Angel Speed, 25, formerly
of O&rsquo;Fallon, MO, Sean A. Shields, 47, of Ozark, MO, Shannan Flora, 41, of
Vienna, IL, Alice J. Hembree, 43, of O&rsquo;Fallon, MO, Tony G. Robertson, 43,
of O&rsquo;Fallon, MO, Steven J. Belcher, 44, of Wentzville, MO, Jesse S. Urias,
36, of Los Angeles, CA, Ryan P. Litchfield, 37, of O&rsquo;Fallon, MO, Rigoberto
Gutierrez, 26, of Compton, CA, Russell J. Witt, 33, of New Baltimore, MI, Bryce
E. Atkinson, 21, of Lake Saint Louis, MO, Nicholas A. Brockman, 20, of
Wentzville, MO, and Benedict G. Pellerito, 55, of Troy, MO.



 Both James D. Litchfield and Ryan P. Litchfield were arrested yesterday. Their
trial date has been set for December 21, 2015.



 In late August of this year, Mexican Immigration Authorities deported Parmeley
from Mexico. Parmeley is currently in federal custody in Alabama on an unrelated
bank fraud charge. The remaining defendants are expected to appear for
arraignment within the next two weeks.



 The charges contained in the indictment include conspiracy to commit wire
fraud, conspiracy to transport property obtained by fraud in interstate
commerce, wire fraud, interstate transportation of property obtained by fraud,
possession of property obtained by fraud, money laundering, and aggravated
identity theft. The indictment also seeks forfeiture of the proceeds of the
fraud scheme.



 The investigation is being conducted by agents from the St. Louis Division of
the Federal Bureau of Investigation (&ldquo;FBI&rdquo;). The FBI has received
substantial assistance from many state and local police departments in numerous
jurisdictions, including the Metro East Auto Theft Task Force. The case is being
prosecuted by Assistant United States Attorney Scott A. Verseman.



 An indictment is a formal charge against a defendant. Under the law, that
charge is merely an accusation and the defendant is presumed innocent unless
proven guilty.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: October 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright2015Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             414 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Mecklenburg Times (Charlotte, NC)

                          September 26, 2013 Thursday

Mortgage fraud declining nationally and in Charlotte metro area

BYLINE: Graziella Steele

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 336  words


A new report released Wednesday showed mortgage fraud declined in the second
quarter of this year. CoreLogic, a residential property information provider,
found that fraud risk among U.S. mortgage applications declined 5.6 percent as
compared to the same time last year, with fraudulent applications totaling $5.3
billion in the second quarter of 2013 versus $5.5 billion in 2012.

Still, mortgage fraud remains a real problem, totaling $10.5 billion for the
first half of the year.   Even though the analysis found mortgage fraud risk had
fallen, the total monetary value of mortgage fraud rose due to increased
applications.

According to the report, the Charlotte metro area saw a significant decline in
mortgage fraud risk, showing a 9.9 percent reduction year-over-year. The market
also saw a 0.1 percent reduction in fraud on mortgage applications between the
first and second quarters of this year.

The estimated value of fraudulent applications in Charlotte in the second
quarter of this year was $31,835,000; in the first quarter of 2013, the
estimated value was $31,809,000.

Nationally, the CoreLogic report said that intentional misrepresentation of
income on an application saw the biggest jump at 13.3 percent from the same time
last year. Deliberate under-valuing or over-valuing of a property showed the
greatest decrease, at 20.8 percent.

"Since the beginning of 2012, mortgage application fraud risk has totaled more
than $30 billion nationally," said Mark Fleming, chief economist for CoreLogic.
"As the housing market recovers, the volume of mortgage applications is rising
and increasing the total amount of fraudulent mortgage loans application
dollars. "

Ohio had the greatest growth in fraud risk year-over-year at 30.1 percent, while
California and New York ranked highest for estimated value of fraudulent
applications at $864 million and $278 million respectively.



http://www.mecktimes.com/be-the-first-to-know/ Click here for more from this
resource.

© 2013 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved

                             415 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

               October 29, 1998, Thursday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

SEC TARGETS STOCK FRAUD ON THE INTERNET;
AGENCY CRACKS DOWN ON LACK OF DISCLOSURE

BYLINE: The Associated Press

SECTION: BUSINESS, Pg. C1

LENGTH: 547 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Federal regulators, cracking down on investment fraud in cyberspace, announced a
first-ever nationwide sweep against fraud over the Internet by people promoting
stocks who don't disclose they are paid to do so.

The Securities and Exchange Commission said Wednesday it took 23 enforcement
actions against 44 people and companies for allegedly violating federal
securities laws by not disclosing payments they received from companies whose
stock they promoted.

The stock promotions, known as "touting," were made in Internet junk mail,
online newsletters, message board postings and Web sites. They mostly involved
small-company stocks that are relatively cheap, risky and thinly traded.

Stock touting is not illegal in and of itself, but any compensation re ceived
from the companies must be fully disclosed, including the nature and amount of
payment.

In total, the allegedly fraudulent touts received more than $ 6.2 million and
nearly 2 million shares of stock and options from companies in exchange for
promoting them, the regulators said. In some cases, the promoters allegedly sold
their stock immediately after recommending it, a deceptive practice known as
scalping.

Wednesday's crackdown "is just the first step," SEC Enforcement Director Richard
Walker told reporters.

He said the action showed the SEC's commitment to "cleaning up the Internet by
aggressively prosecuting securities violations occurring in cyberspace."

The civil enforcement actions were brought by SEC offices in Atlanta; Boston;
Chicago; Denver; Fort Worth, Texas; Los Angeles; Miami; New York City;
Philadelphia; Salt Lake City; and Washington, D.C.

The SEC was seeking fines and court orders against the touts, compelling them to
refrain from the allegedly fraudulent activity. Thirteen of the 23 cases were
settled, with the people and companies charged neither admitting nor denying
wrongdoing.

The actions were seemingly mild, but the regulators' options are limited. They
do not have legal authority to shut down stock promoters' Web sites, for
example.

In July, the market watchdog agency set up an Office of Internet Enforcement, in
which a "CyberForce" of 125 people performs computer surveillance nationwide.

Federal and state regulators say financial fraud using the Internet has been on
the rise in recent years. Deceptive stock touting is one of the forms it takes,
along with stock price manipulation, illegal pyramid schemes, insider trading
and acting as a broker or investment adviser without being properly licensed.
The schemes, whose promoters cloak themselves in the anonymity of the Internet,
cost unwary investors millions of dollars a year.

The SEC issued an "investor alert" warning people to be wary of fraud on the
Internet, invest wisely and avoid costly mistakes.

"Never, ever, make an investment based solely on what you read in an online
newsletter or Internet bulletin board," said Nancy Smith, director of the SEC's
office of investor education. "Assume that the information (about companies) is
a lie unless you can prove otherwise through your own independent research."

For an investors' guide on Internet fraud, go to the SEC's Web site at http://
www.sec.gov To report Internet fraud, e-mail the agency at: enforcement@ sec.gov

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 1998

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1998 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.

                             416 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                              June 18, 2007 Monday

Welfare fraud hurts all of us

BYLINE: ABIGAIL VAN BUREN

SECTION: FEATURES; Dear Abby

LENGTH: 505 words


Dear Abby: Thank you for publishing the letter from 'Ticked Off in Topeka, Kan.'
concerning welfare fraud, including Section 8 housing fraud. I am an
investigator for a housing authority, and our agency is dedicated to maintaining
the integrity of the program and protecting the taxpayer dollars entrusted to
us. Not a day goes by that I don't hear, 'I don't want to get anyone in trouble,
but ...'

Please let your readers know that if they call in with a fraud tip, they are not
the ones who are getting anyone in trouble. The people who decided to commit the
fraud or do the crime got themselves in trouble. The only way we can help the
most people with our limited resources is by eliminating fraud and applying the
rules and regulations fairly and equitably for everyone.

Quite often, it is neighbors, friends and family members who are our eyes and
ears. It is important that they let us know when someone is defrauding the
system. No one will lose assistance just because of a tip. We investigate every
case and, if proven, the tenants are given an opportunity to appeal and to have
a hearing. There are too many families on the waiting list and too many people
who need help for fraud to go unreported.

- Investigator in Oklahoma City

Dear Investigator: I hope "Ticked Off" will take your advice - and mine - and
report this "friend" to the proper authorities. Read on:

Dear Abby: This makes me so mad! My family struggles each and every month with
no public assistance. Abby, I don't want to be rich or live in a palace. I just
want to go to bed each night knowing my kids' bellies are full and that they
have a roof over their heads when the next night comes. If this "friend" is
committing fraud, I say report her, because if you are working and paying taxes
into the welfare account, she's cheating you, too.

- Keeping It Real in Kissimmee

Dear Abby: Way to go, Abby! Americans need to stop overlooking the dishonesty
they encounter. Thank you for encouraging "Ticked Off" to take a stand.

- G.M., Montrose, Colo.

Dear Abby: Please let "Ticked Off" know that if her friend is receiving Section
8 subsidies, her actions may be a federal offense. As a former attorney for a
housing authority, I used to receive numerous tips from third parties regarding
fraud. If she is concerned, she should contact the local housing authority and
ask to speak with the investigations department. A tip may be made anonymously.

There is more at stake here than just her conscience. If a housing authority
loses its funding, many innocent families and children suffer needlessly. She
should speak up.

- A Reader in N.J.

Dear Abby: I have worked for the Section 8 program administered by the state of
Michigan for more than 20 years. A thief who steals from Section 8 is also
stealing from those in our society who most desperately need our help.
Complaints of fraud should be submitted to HUD by calling the toll-free number:
800-347-3735.

- Also Ticked Off, Lansing, Mich.

Write Dear Abby at  www.DearAbby.com or P.O. Box 69440, Los Angeles, CA 90069.

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved

                             417 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Day (New London, Connecticut)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            November 29, 2010 Monday

Federal prosecutors charge former Lighthouse Inn operators in Mississippi fraud

BYLINE: Karen Florin, The Day, New London, Conn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 398 words


Nov. 29--Christopher Plummer and Maureen Clark, who owned the now-foreclosed
Lighthouse Inn in New London, have been charged with defrauding investors of a
bogus Mississippi resort project of more than $1.7 million and using the funds
for their own personal gain.

A federal grand jury indicted Plummer, 49, of Lyme, and Clark, 56, of Stonington
on Nov. 23. They are charged with conspiracy, mail fraud, wire fraud, money
laundering, and forfeiture and aiding and abetting related to money laundering.

The indictment was unsealed today when Clark was arraigned in U.S. District
Court in Bridgeport. She was ordered detained until a detention hearing takes
place. The time or date was not available.

Plummer, arrested Monday afternoon, is scheduled to be arraigned in Bridgeport
at 3 p.m. tomorrow.

According to the indictment, Plummer, Clark and others who have not been
identified engaged in an investment scheme from March 2006 to the present,
soliciting people to invest in a Lakeshore, Miss. development they said would
include a casino, residential properties and a medical facility.

Plummer and Clark falsely represented to the investors that they owned hundreds
of acres of land and options to purchase land in and around Lakeshore, according
to the indictment. They sent e-mails to the victim-investors claiming that major
Wall Street investment firms had agreed to partner in the project and sold their
investors "convertible term notes" that purported to pay 15 percent simple
interest plus five points per year.

Plummer and Clark were partners in the Lighthouse Inn, which closed last year
after workers and service providers claimed they had not been paid. Last year,
they were accused of defrauding an Indianapolis couple of $100,000 in an
investment deal

Earlier this month, U.S. Attorney David B. Fein and Assistant U.S. Attorney
Julie G. Turbert filed a civil lawsuit aimed at preventing Plummer from selling
more than four acres of Waterfront land he owns in Stonington, saying the
property, valued at $800,000, is tied to a fraudulent financial transaction.

To see more of The Day, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.theday.com. Copyright (c) 2010, The Day, New London, Conn.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: November 30, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20101129-NL-Federal-prosecutors-charge-former-Lighthouse-Inn-operators-in-Missis
sippi-fraud-1129-20101129

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NL


                             Copyright 2010 The Day

                             418 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                          January 22, 1992, Wednesday

GWINNETT BRIEFS; Two suspects charged with insurance fraud

BYLINE: Compiled by staff writers John McCosh and John Robins.theft; crime;
insurance; fraud; movies; government; families

SECTION: EXTRA; SECTION J; PAGE 02

LENGTH: 538 words


Two people trying to pick up a check for about $ 9,000 from a Norcross insurance
office Tuesday became the first Georgians charged with insurance fraud since the
crime was upgraded to a felony last fall.

Jeremy Armistead and Starla D. Young were arrested at the Peachtree Corners
office of Colonial Insurance Co. of California by Gwinnett County police in
conjunction with an investigation by the state insurance commissioner's office.

Ages and addresses for the suspects had not been determined Tuesday.

Both suspects were charged with theft by deception in addition to fraud.

The suspects are accused of participating in a plan to file false claims of
damage and medical bills stemming from a "staged" Nov. 22 accident in Anniston,
Ala., according to Pam Bigham, a spokesperson with the Georgia insurance
commissioner's office.

The commissioner's office has targeted fraud as a way of controlling insurance
costs because fraud accounts for 10 percent of the state's premiums, Ms. Bigham
said.

County Commission goes Hollywood. Without debate, the Gwinnett County Commission
decided Tuesday that its $ 70 million hall of government ought to be in
pictures.

"The justices concur," was all that Commission Chairman Lillian Webb offered
before her colleagues unanimously approved director Alan Pakula's use of the
judicial wing for location shots in the movie "Consenting Adults."

Shooting could begin as soon as next week, although government buildings in
Roswell and Atlanta are also possible venues.

The studio, CA Productions, is seeking approvals in all three jurisdictions to
allow flexibility.

"Consenting Adults" will star Kevin Kline and Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio.

Budget to top agenda Tuesday. Following a short budget meeting with a skeleton
crew of commissioners, County Manager Sam Brownlee predicted the board will work
longer toward approval of the 1992 budget when it reconvenes Tuesday.

"We're going to schedule a work session all day next Tuesday to see if we can't
get this to a position we're comfortable with," Mr. Brownlee said.

All but three commissioners had scheduling conflicts shortly after Tuesday's
budget session started.

Cookbook recipes sought. Friends of the O'Kelly Memorial Library in Loganville
is accepting recipes for a community cookbook through Feb. 3.

Recipe forms are available at the library.

The group meets at 7 p.m. the first Thursday of the month at the library.

For more information, call 466-8416.

Typewriter, tapes stolen from car. More than $ 1,100 worth of personal items
were stolen when a car was broken into in Lilburn sometime Sunday morning,
county police records show.

The stolen items included a Smith-Corona electronic typewriter valued at $ 500,
30 cassette tapes valued at a total of $ 240 and 28 compact discs valued at $
448.

Equipment missing from business. Almost $ 1,800 worth of electronic equipment
was stolen when a Norcross business was burglarized over the weekend, a county
police report showed.

The burglary occurred at Merck Sharp & Dohme at 2825 Northwoods Parkway sometime
between 1 p.m. Saturday and 2:50 p.m. Sunday, the report said. A window at the
business was broken out with a rock.

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1992 The Atlanta Constitution

                             419 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                           September 30, 2011 Friday
                                  Main Edition

Local in brief

BYLINE: Christopher Quinn, Leon Stafford; Staff

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 18A

LENGTH: 227 words


Georgia a leader in mortgage fraud

Foreclosure fraud is still a problem, and Georgia is one of the leading states
suffering from it, according to the FBI. The agency says estimated annual losses
due to mortgage fraud nationally exceed $10 billion. Consider these numbers:

80,549 reports of suspicious activity in mortgages as of July of this year,
representing more than $3.2 billion in losses.

92 FBI task forces devoted to mortgage fraud.

2,872 pending FBI investigations, with 72 percent of them involving losses of
more than $1 million each.

946 indictments and 854 convictions this year. Other state leaders in mortgage
fraud are Florida, California, Arizona, Nevada, Illinois, Michigan, New York,
New Jersey and Maryland, according to the Mortgage Asset Research Institute.
CHRISTOPHER QUINN

Five Guys to offer Coke's Freestyle machine

Coca-Cola will announce today the newest customer for its Freestyle fountain
machines. The Atlanta-based beverage giant has struck a deal with the Five Guys
burger and fries chain to put the machine in all its company-owned locations.
Five Guys has been testing Freestyle machines in the Atlanta market since 2010
and expanded testing in multiple markets in 2011. The touch-screen Freestyle
machines allow users to mix more than 100 different flavors of Coke-owned and
distributed brands together from one source. LEON STAFFORD

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2011 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                             420 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 4, 2013 Wednesday

Washington: Mortgage Fraud Training

LENGTH: 314  words

DATELINE: Washington


U.S. Office of Justice Programs has issued the following news release:

Mortgage Fraud Training
September 04, 2013 - September 06, 2013
Sponsoring
Organization(s):  National White Collar Crime Center
City:  Raleigh
State/Territory:  North Carolina
Country:  USA
Event Site:  Site not yet available
Classification:  Courts
Law Enforcement
Topic:  Courts
Law Enforcement
Audience/
Additional
Information:  Mortgage fraud training for investigators and prosecutors is being
offered by the NW3C as part of a larger collaborative BJA effort. The course
introduces attendees to the traditional mortgage process, and explores the
common fraud schemes during each part of the process, while identifying red
flags within the transactions and documents. Instructors discuss real-life
examples of past and present cases and assist students in working through a
mortgage fraud scenario involving several types of fraudulent activity. Many
times mortgage fraud is not a singular type of fraud and it may encompass other
crimes.

The training includes presentations and discussions on the following topics:

- Players, Transactions, and Documents (How the mortgage process should work)
- Common Schemes (Descriptions of the schemes and indicators of fraud)
- Origination and Processing Fraud Schemes
- Application Fraud
- Identity Theft
- Straw Buyer
- Multiple Loans
- Property Theft
- Appraisal Fraud
- Silent Seconds
- Illegal Flipping
- Illegal Short Sales
- Builder Bailout
- Closing and Post-Closing Fraud Schemes
- Reverse Mortgage Scams
- Illegal Loan Modification
- Foreclosure Rescue Scam
- Section 8 Fraud
- Real Estate Owned (REO) Property
- Bizarre Scams
Number of
Attendees:  36
Event URL:  http://www.nw3c.org/training/financial-crimes/64
Event
Contact:
Name:  Robert Matheny
Title:  Supervisor
Affiliation:  NW3C
Phone:  877-628-7674
Fax:  304-368-2352
Email:  rmatheny@nw3c.org

For more information please visit: https://www.ncjrs.gov

LOAD-DATE: September 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             421 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 3, 2013 Tuesday

Washington: Mortgage Fraud Training

LENGTH: 314  words

DATELINE: Washington


U.S. Office of Justice Programs has issued the following news release:

Mortgage Fraud Training
September 04, 2013 - September 06, 2013
Sponsoring
Organization(s):  National White Collar Crime Center
City:  Raleigh
State/Territory:  North Carolina
Country:  USA
Event Site:  Site not yet available
Classification:  Courts
Law Enforcement
Topic:  Courts
Law Enforcement
Audience/
Additional
Information:  Mortgage fraud training for investigators and prosecutors is being
offered by the NW3C as part of a larger collaborative BJA effort. The course
introduces attendees to the traditional mortgage process, and explores the
common fraud schemes during each part of the process, while identifying red
flags within the transactions and documents. Instructors discuss real-life
examples of past and present cases and assist students in working through a
mortgage fraud scenario involving several types of fraudulent activity. Many
times mortgage fraud is not a singular type of fraud and it may encompass other
crimes.

The training includes presentations and discussions on the following topics:

- Players, Transactions, and Documents (How the mortgage process should work)
- Common Schemes (Descriptions of the schemes and indicators of fraud)
- Origination and Processing Fraud Schemes
- Application Fraud
- Identity Theft
- Straw Buyer
- Multiple Loans
- Property Theft
- Appraisal Fraud
- Silent Seconds
- Illegal Flipping
- Illegal Short Sales
- Builder Bailout
- Closing and Post-Closing Fraud Schemes
- Reverse Mortgage Scams
- Illegal Loan Modification
- Foreclosure Rescue Scam
- Section 8 Fraud
- Real Estate Owned (REO) Property
- Bizarre Scams
Number of
Attendees:  36
Event URL:  http://www.nw3c.org/training/financial-crimes/64
Event
Contact:
Name:  Robert Matheny
Title:  Supervisor
Affiliation:  NW3C
Phone:  877-628-7674
Fax:  304-368-2352
Email:  rmatheny@nw3c.org

For more information please visit: https://www.ncjrs.gov

LOAD-DATE: September 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             422 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 31, 2013 Saturday

Washington: Mortgage Fraud Training September 04, 2013 - September 06, 2013

LENGTH: 314  words

DATELINE: Washington


U.S. Office of Justice Programs has issued the following news release:

Mortgage Fraud Training
September 04, 2013 - September 06, 2013
Sponsoring
Organization(s):  National White Collar Crime Center
City:  Raleigh
State/Territory:  North Carolina
Country:  USA
Event Site:  Site not yet available
Classification:  Courts
Law Enforcement
Topic:  Courts
Law Enforcement
Audience/
Additional
Information:  Mortgage fraud training for investigators and prosecutors is being
offered by the NW3C as part of a larger collaborative BJA effort. The course
introduces attendees to the traditional mortgage process, and explores the
common fraud schemes during each part of the process, while identifying red
flags within the transactions and documents. Instructors discuss real-life
examples of past and present cases and assist students in working through a
mortgage fraud scenario involving several types of fraudulent activity. Many
times mortgage fraud is not a singular type of fraud and it may encompass other
crimes.

The training includes presentations and discussions on the following topics:

- Players, Transactions, and Documents (How the mortgage process should work)
- Common Schemes (Descriptions of the schemes and indicators of fraud)
- Origination and Processing Fraud Schemes
- Application Fraud
- Identity Theft
- Straw Buyer
- Multiple Loans
- Property Theft
- Appraisal Fraud
- Silent Seconds
- Illegal Flipping
- Illegal Short Sales
- Builder Bailout
- Closing and Post-Closing Fraud Schemes
- Reverse Mortgage Scams
- Illegal Loan Modification
- Foreclosure Rescue Scam
- Section 8 Fraud
- Real Estate Owned (REO) Property
- Bizarre Scams
Number of
Attendees:  36
Event URL:  http://www.nw3c.org/training/financial-crimes/64
Event
Contact:
Name:  Robert Matheny
Title:  Supervisor
Affiliation:  NW3C
Phone:  877-628-7674
Fax:  304-368-2352
Email:  rmatheny@nw3c.org

For more information please visit: https://www.ncjrs.gov

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             423 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                             June 8, 2006 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Task forces aim to fight immigration fraud

BYLINE: Donna Leiwnand

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 536 words


WASHINGTON -- U.S. officials are beefing up efforts to stop immigration fraud
partly out of concern that proposals before Congress could create a boon for
document forgers.

Immigration and Customs Enforcement has created 10 anti-fraud task forces across
the nation in addition to the existing unit in Washington, D.C. The task forces
have opened 250 probes since they began work in April, says Special Agent Scott
Weber, chief of identity and benefit fraud for ICE.

The rising concern over immigration fraud comes as Congress considers a plan to
give many of the estimated 12 million undocumented immigrants a chance to stay
legally as guest workers or residents, depending on how long they have lived and
worked here. A new law could increase demand for documentation among immigrants
seeking to prove their length of residency.

Immigration fraud is "a problem of epidemic proportions," says ICE Assistant
Secretary Julie Myers. "There's no question it will be a tremendous increase in
workload."

On Wednesday, ICE agents arrested 27 people and shut down a Queens, N.Y.-based
immigration agency called Help Preparers Professional Services. An indictment
unsealed Wednesday alleges that the agency arranged more than 200 fake marriages
and sold more than $1 million in bogus "green cards," marriage and birth
certificates, bank letters and employment records.

Customers allegedly paid Beverly Mozer-Browne, 49, of Brooklyn, up to $16,000 to
create fake documents and to move them through the immigration process, the
indictment says. Agents also arrested Mozer-Browne's brother, Phillip Browne,
40, of Kissimmee, Fla., who as an adjudication officer for U.S. Citizenship and
Immigration Services allegedly approved the applications. Attempts to reach them
for comment were unsuccessful.

The amount and sophistication of immigration fraud is increasing, ICE officials
say. ICE conducted 2,334 fraud probes in 2004 and 3,591 in 2005. Some of the
most sophisticated operations are run by smuggling rings, Weber says.

"There's clearly an organized criminal element," says Assistant U.S. Attorney
Joseph Mackey in Denver. He prosecuted the leader of a Mexico-based document
mill that had outlets across the USA and that he says had become increasingly
adept.

"They produced very impressive Social Security cards, driver's licenses from all
50 states," he says.

Groups that oppose the plan before Congress say it would not do enough to
prevent fraud.

"Any guest-worker or amnesty program would lead to fraud on a scale unheard of
in American history," says Mark Krikorian of the Center for Immigration Studies,
a think tank in Washington that supports tighter immigration controls. "The
likelihood is that demonstrating you've been here will be done by pay stub or
utility bill or phone bill. ... If you think a driver's license is easy to
forge, think how easy it would be to forge a telephone bill."

Cecilia Muooz of the National Council of La Raza, a Washington-based civil
rights organization, counters that a new law would remove the incentive for
illegals to commit fraud. If the path to legal status is accessible and the
penalties for fraud are stiff, undocumented workers will be motivated to go
through the system, she says.

LOAD-DATE: June 8, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2006 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             424 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                  Long Island Business News (Long Island, NY)

                              July 30, 2004 Friday

Insurers launch campaign against fraud

BYLINE: David Reich-Hale

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 254 words


The New York Alliance Against Insurance Fraud has launched a media blitz,
informing state residents that fraud often leads to injuries and death.

The ads certainly tug at the heart.

New Yorkers learn about the death and injury of two of their neighbors through
the use of billboards and radio and television ads. Alice Ross, a Queens
grandmother, was killed when criminals staging an accident forced her car off
the road. Jeffrey Weaver, an upstate firefighter, broke his back fighting a
house fire that was set to collect insurance money.

New York and New Jersey are considered by insurers to be the two worst states
for fraud abuse.

"It's important for people to know that insurance fraud is a crime that impacts
innocent lives," said Francis Sztuk, chairman of the New York Alliance, a public
awareness campaign operated by a cooperative of New York insurers. "Increased
public awareness of the costs and consequences of insurance fraud can help save
lives, reduce insurance premiums and create an environment where fraud is not
tolerated."

Residents are seeing the ads on 37 cable stations and 88 billboards in the
region. Also, one-minute radio spots recently aired on 37 stations in New York
City, Albany-Schenectady-Troy, Buffalo-Niagara Falls and Rochester. A Spanish
version ran statewide on 37 stations a total of 1,520 times.

For the past decade, insurers have hired software companies and sleuths to try
and stop fraud rings. Sometimes, the insurers are successful, but the problem
persists.

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: General news

                      Copyright 2004 Dolan Media Newswires
                                All Rights Reserved

                             425 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The News Herald (Panama City, Florida)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           January 24, 2013 Thursday

BRIEF: Mortgage fraudster sentenced to 10 years

BYLINE: The News Herald, Panama City, Fla.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 202 words


Jan. 24--PENSACOLA -- Lonett Rochell Williams, 47, Woodland Hills, California,
was sentenced to 10 years in prison this week for conspiracy to commit mail
fraud, conspiracy to commit money laundering, and six substantive counts of mail
fraud, federal prosecutors wrote in a news release.

In October of last year, Williams pleaded guilty to an eight-count indictment
alleging that she participated in a conspiracy to defraud multiple lenders as
part of a scheme to fraudulently purchase 37 properties in Texas, Georgia,
California, Navarre, Sarasota and Panama City Beach.

Approximately $20,448,767 in loans were issued by the lenders in connection with
the real estate deals, officials wrote. Williams and her company received more
than $4.5 million in kickbacks as a result of the scheme, officials wrote.

Pamela C. Marsh, United States Attorney for the Northern District of Florida,
noted that her office is continuing to prosecute mortgage fraud suspects as part
of Operation Stolen Dreams, a nationwide sweep that targeted mortgage fraud
throughout the country.

___ (c)2013 The News Herald (Panama City, Fla.) Visit The News Herald (Panama
City, Fla.) at www.newsherald.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130124-PY-BRF-Mortgage-fraudster-sentenced-to-10-years-0124-20130124

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PY


                         Copyright 2013 The News Herald

                             426 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 24, 2015 Tuesday

FLORIDA:Four Arrested in Medicaid Fraud Scheme that Exploited the Homeless

LENGTH: 489  words

DATELINE: Tallahassee


Office of the Attorney General, The state of Florida has issued the following
news release:

Attorney General Pam Bondi's Medicaid Fraud Control Unit announced the arrests
of four individuals for allegedly recruiting the homeless to bilk Medicaid out
of at least $215,000. According to the investigation, Christina Benson, owner of
Tranquility Healthcare Solutions in Orlando, billed Medicaid for services for
homeless men and women who were recruited by her associates to pose as patients.
Tranquility Healthcare Solutions allegedly billed Medicaid for services not
provided and services not warranted. The company also allegedly used personnel
who were not trained, including some who had criminal arrest records.

"Taking advantage of the homeless to essentially steal from taxpayers is
despicable and will not be tolerated in Florida," said Attorney General Bondi.
"I applaud my Medicaid Fraud Control Unit for its efforts to shut down this
elaborate fraud scheme."

The defendants allegedly offered gas cards and temporary housing to the homeless
in an effort to recruit them to seek services at Tranquility Healthcare
Solutions. Once the company obtained Medicaid IDs, it billed the Medicaid
program for Psychosocial Rehabilitation Services that were never provided. In
less than a year and a half, Tranquility Healthcare Solutions billed Medicaid
approximately $3.2 million.

As part of the scheme, Tranquility Healthcare Solutions allegedly worked in
conjunction with a local physician, Dr. Sabiha Khan. Dr. Khan allegedly falsely
claimed to be the treating provider for PSR, when many recipients stated that
they had never met Khan.

Below is a list of defendants and the charges they face.

· Christina Benson, two counts of Medicaid Provider Fraud and one count of
Organized Scheme to Defraud
    · Demetrious Davis, two counts of Medicaid Provider Fraud and one count of
Organized Scheme to Defraud
    · Harold Harrison, one count of Medicaid Provider Fraud and one count of
Organized Scheme to Defraud
    · Dr. Sabiha Khan, one count of Medicaid Provider Fraud and one count of
Organized Scheme to Defraud

Khan and Davis were arrested in Florida, Benson was arrested in Georgia, and
Harrison was arrested in North Carolina by the N.C. Medicaid Fraud Control Unit.
The Florida Attorney General's Office launched the investigation after receiving
a tip to the fraud hotline. Citizens with information on Medicaid fraud can call
the Attorney General's fraud hotline at 1-866-966-7226. The investigation will
continue and may lead to further arrests.

The Attorney General's MFCU investigates and prosecutes providers that
intentionally defraud the state's Medicaid program through fraudulent billing
practices. From Jan. 2011 to Nov. 2014, Attorney General Bondi's MFCU has
obtained more than $466 million in settlements and judgments.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:
editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             427 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Capital (Annapolis, MD)

                            October 18, 2013 Friday

Woman pleads guilty to $4.8M fraud scheme

BYLINE: ALLISON BOURG abourg@capgaznews.com

SECTION: A; Pg.5

LENGTH: 189  words


BALTIMORE - A Riva woman faces up to 30 years in prison and a $1 million fine
for conspiring to commit wire fraud in connection with a multimillion-dollar
mortgage fraud scheme.

Bonnie Kathleen Kreamer, 47, pleaded guilty Thursday in federal District Court
to the $4.8 million scheme, which dates back to 2007.

Kreamer's Maryland license to issue title insurance policies was revoked in 2002
after she was convicted of theft for fraudulently endorsing checks at the title
attorney's office where she worked, according to the U.S. Attorney's Office.

But from 2007 to 2010, Kreamer worked at Sanford Title Services in Columbia,
where she and others arranged real estate transactions so they could steal some
of the profits, prosecutors said.

In her plea agreement, Kreamer admitted the scheme involved at least 30 victims.



U.S. District Judge James K. Bredar will sentence Kreamer Jan. 22.

The co-defendants - Niesha Williams, 34, of Fort Washington; Rhonda Scott, 52,
of Oxon Hill; Emeka Udeze, 38, of Bowie; Gregory Green, 49, of Waldorf; and
Demetrius Peete, 46, of Manassas, Va. - have all pleaded guilty and are awaiting
sentencing.

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2013 Capital Gazette Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             428 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 27, 2014 Friday

New York: Manhattan U.S. Attorney Announces Charges Against Purported Investment
Adviser

LENGTH: 732  words

DATELINE: Albany


United States Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York has issued
the following press release:

Preet Bharara, the United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York,
announced today that STEVEN WESSEL, a/k/a "Wes Wessels," was arrested this
morning on securities fraud and wire fraud charges. WESSEL is expected to be
presented today in Manhattan federal court before United States Magistrate Judge
Michael H. Dolinger.

Manhattan U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara said: "As charged, Steven Wessel was much
less an investment adviser than a serial liar. He allegedly lied in telling one
investor that his funds would be invested in securities, and then lied in
soliciting money from a second investor to pay back the first."

According to the two-count Complaint unsealed in Manhattan federal court:

From at least June 2013 through April 2014, WESSEL ran a fraudulent investment
scheme. WESSEL, who claimed to be the Chairman and Executive Managing Member of
Steeplechase USA, LLC ("Steeplechase USA"), located in New York, New York,
represented to an investor ("Investor A") that Steeplechase USA was in the
business of trading securities. WESSEL personally solicited $200,000 from
Investor A on the understanding that the funds would be solely invested in
securities.

Contrary to WESSEL's promise to invest Investor A's funds in securities, WESSEL
used substantially all of Investor A's money for his own personal benefit,
including for cash withdrawals and personal expenses, including making a payment
of $25,000 toward a restitution obligation from a prior judgment of conviction.
WESSEL did not tell Investor A about this misappropriation. Instead, WESSEL
falsely represented to Investor A that his $200,000 investment had gained tens
of thousands of dollars and that Steeplechase USA's portfolio had gained
approximately 167% in 2013.

When Investor A requested to withdraw his funds from Steeplechase USA, WESSEL
solicited a $550,000 loan from a second investor ("Investor B"). WESSEL falsely
represented that he would use Investor B's money to provide financing for a
commercial real estate project. To induce Investor B to lend him money, WESSEL,
among other things, created and sent a fabricated email to Investor B. The
fabricated email purported to be from a bank and made it appear as if the real
estate project was legitimate.

Contrary to WESSEL's promise to Investor B, WESSEL used substantially all of
Investor B's money for his own benefit, including to pay $251,000 to Investor A
- money that, according to WESSEL, represented Investor A's initial $200,000
investment and $51,000 in trading profits.

WESSEL is charged with one count of securities fraud and one count of wire fraud
. The securities fraud count carries a maximum sentence of 20 years in prison
and a maximum fine of $5,000,000. The wire fraud count carries a maximum
sentence of 20 years in prison and a maximum fine of $250,000, or twice the
gross gain or loss from the offense. The statutory maximum sentences are
prescribed by Congress and are provided here for informational purposes only, as
any sentencing of the defendant would be determined by the judge.

Mr. Bharara praised the work of the Criminal Investigators of the United States
Attorney's Office, who investigated this case.

Today's announcement is part of efforts underway by President Obama's Financial
Fraud Enforcement Task Force (FFETF) which was created in November 2009 to wage
an aggressive, coordinated and proactive effort to investigate and prosecute
financial crimes. With more than 20 federal agencies, 94 U.S. Attorneys' offices
and state and local partners, it's the broadest coalition of law enforcement,
investigatory and regulatory agencies ever assembled to combat fraud. Since its
formation, the task force has made great strides in facilitating increased
investigation and prosecution of financial crimes; enhancing coordination and
cooperation among federal, state and local authorities; addressing
discrimination in the lending and financial markets and conducting outreach to
the public, victims, financial institutions and other organizations. Since the
inception of FFETF in November 2009, the Justice Department has filed more than
12,841 financial fraud cases against nearly 18,737 defendants including nearly
3,500 mortgage fraud defendants.

For more information please visit: http://www.justice.gov/usao/nys

LOAD-DATE: June 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             429 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Lawyers Weekly USA

                               February 12, 2007

Fla. court rules man can't contest child support award despite lack of paternity

BYLINE: Lawyers USA Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 250  words


A man cannot have his child support obligations set aside even though his
ex-wife falsely claimed he was the biological father, because her actions were
"intrinsic fraud" subject to a one-year statute of limitations, the Florida
Supreme Court has ruled.

At the time of the couple's divorce, the wife asserted that the plaintiff was
the biological father of her child. Several years later, after a DNA test showed
this was false, the plaintiff sought to have the child support agreement
nullified and obtain compensatory damages for the payments he had already made.

But the court said that his suit was time-barred because the wife's fraud was
"intrinsic" rather than "extrinsic. " The statute of limitations for claims of
intrinsic fraud is one year, while there is no time limit for extrinsic fraud
claims.

The court defined intrinsic fraud as "fraudulent conduct that arises within a
proceeding," including "false testimony" such as the wife's.

Extrinsic fraud, in contrast, is fraud which prevents a party from trying an
issue before the court.

Further, said the court, "[w]e find that the balance of policy considerations
favors protecting the best interests of the child over protecting the interests
of one parent defrauded by the other parent in the midst of a divorce. "

It noted that this was the majority view, citing similar decisions from Alabama,
Arkansas, Oklahoma, South Carolina, Texas, and Vermont.

Parker v. Parker (Lawyers USA No. 9935045) Florida Supreme Court No. SC05-2346.
Feb. 1, 2007.

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved

                             430 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                            August 28, 2008 Thursday
                                 CITY-D Edition

Mortgage-fraud reports are up

BYLINE: By Alan J. Heavens; Inquirer Real Estate Writer

SECTION: BUSINESS; P-com Biz; Pg. C01

LENGTH: 495 words


Efforts to tighten lending standards appear to have had little effect so far, as
reports of mortgage fraud increased 42 percent in the first quarter of 2008 from
the same period of 2007.

A study released this week by the Mortgage Asset Research Institute Inc., of
Reston, Va., showed that areas already affected by high rates of foreclosure
were experiencing increased fraud levels.

Florida led the nation in the number of mortgage-fraud complaints, followed by
California. Illinois, Maryland and Michigan tied for third place, according to
the survey.

Florida and California also are among the top three states in mortgage
delinquencies and foreclosures (Nevada is the third) as measured by RealtyTrac
Inc., of Irvine, Calif.

Pennsylvania and New Jersey did not appear on the institute's list for the
quarter, nor were they among the top 10 states in the Mortgage Asset Research
Institute's Fraud Index rankings for fiscal 2007.

A law signed in July is designed to reduce fraud and predatory lending by
requiring all loan officers and solicitors operating in Pennsylvania to pass a
test and be licensed.

New Jersey law requires the brokerage to be licensed and at least one individual
in the company to pass a similar test.

In addition, there is now a National Mortgage Licensing Registry that both
states are expected to join to better control out-of-state lenders.

"It will take a couple of years even after the national licensing goes into
effect to clean it up," said Fred Glick, a Center City mortgage broker and
Realtor.

Pennsylvania and New Jersey also fared well in a report released yesterday by
the Consumer Federation of America, which said the two states were among eight
and the District of Columbia that have laws protecting consumers against abusive
lending practices for all small-dollar loan products.

In both states, the $250, two-week payday loan and the $300, one-month
auto-title loan are prohibited, while interest rates are capped on the $500,
six-month loan and the $1,000, one-year loan.

In areas where homeowners are often borrowing money to meet mortgage payments,
loan regulation is critical.

"Now that the economy is so tight for cash-strapped consumers, it is more
important than ever for states to provide reasonable protection against rate
gouging by small lenders," said Elizabeth Renuart, a lawyer with the National
Consumer Law Center.

In the top five states on the research institute's list, most of the fraud
complaints originated in metropolitan areas.

There was evidence of identity theft in many of these transactions, the
institute reported.

More Information


Borrowers who suspect mortgage fraud or who believe they are being gouged by
small-loan rates can contact the Pennsylvania Attorney General's Office Bureau
of Consumer Protection at 1-800-441-2555 or the N.J. Attorney General's Office
Division of Consumer Affairs at 1-800-242-5846.

Contact real estate writer Alan J. Heavens at 215-854-2472 or
aheavens@phillynews.com.


LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved

                             431 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                   February 1, 1995, Wednesday, City Edition

For fraud, Florida ranks as easy mark

BYLINE: ROBERT KEEFE

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 1E

LENGTH: 433 words



From the home office in Washington, D.C., in true David Letterman style, the
Coalition Against Insurance Fraud has issued its top 10 insurance scams of
1994.

They range from horse killers to a St. Augustine-area dentist who allegedly  had
his finger cut off with an ax and bought a boat - called Minus One - with  his
insurance settlement.

In all, they cost consumers $ 150-million in increased premiums, court costs
and other expenses, according to the coalition.

Florida can claim three of the group's top 10 fraud cases - more than any  other
state.

Dennis Jay, executive director of the insurance and consumer group, said
Florida is consistently among the worst states for insurance fraud. He chalks
it up to the state's large population, its large construction industry (and
large number of workers' compensation fraud cases) and its proximity to
Caribbean islands, where con artists can easily escape the law.

"Also, it's the big retiree population," Jay said. "Retirees tend to be  targets
for sham operations."

Some highlights from this year's top 10:

9. A Boston chiropractor and his wife are charged with 36 counts of  inflating
claims and subjecting clients to unnecessary tests, netting them a  cool $
2-million or so.

8. A retired Port St. Lucie man gets a $ 3-million settlement after claiming  a
botched surgery to fix a work-related injury left him totally dependent on  his
wife. But an investigation paid for by his surgeon yields videotapes of  the man
dancing, among other things.

7. The owner of a trucking company in Fort Myers pleads guilty for charging
hundreds of independent truckers thousands of dollars for fraudulently  obtained
liability insurance.

5. A San Diego eye surgeon is indicted for performing unnecessary  operations on
mostly elderly patients. He gets nearly $ 21-million before  getting busted.

2. The St. Augustine-area dentist allows two brothers to cut off one of his
fingers with an ax. The $ 1.3-million he collects from an insurance settlement
is used to purchase a boat.

1. Twenty-three people are indicted in Chicago for their role in killing an
unknown number of show horses and collecting insurance settlements of $ 25,000
or more for each horse.

While some of the top 10 insurance scams were strange, others the coalition
considered for the list were even more goofy - and sometimes just dumb.

Take, for example, the Boston man who claimed a 25-foot powerboat was  stolen
from inside his garage. He got caught when investigators found out his  garage
was only 19 feet long.

LOAD-DATE: February 2, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                            Times Publishing Company

                             432 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                 April 14, 1997, Monday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

IRS SHIFTING SPOTLIGHT TO 'TRADITIONAL' FRAUD

BYLINE: Roy Malone; Of The Post-Dispatch Staff

SECTION: NEWS, Pg. 01B

LENGTH: 738 words


The Internal Revenue Service is increasing its traditional tax-fraud
prosecutions and decreasing investigations involving drug trafficking, money
laundering, mail fraud and other illegal money transactions.

The agency is sharpening its focus on fraudulent returns, willful failure to
file and tax evasion, according to IRS officials.

The traditional prosecutions showed a steady decline from 1980 to 1995,
according to a study released over the weekend by a private group called
Transactional Records Access Clearinghouse at Syracuse University.

The information was collected from the IRS, Justice Department and other
government sources and is available on a Web site of the Internet. The
information indicates that the type and number of prosecutions vary widely
according to locale.

The group's study of IRS criminal prosecutions between 1992 and 1995 showed the
southern district of Illinois ranked sixth nationally in prosecutions per
capita. It had a total of 22 prosecutions. But prosecutors said this did not
indicate a trend, rather it was a high number of tavern owners in the Metro East
area who pleaded guilty in 1995 to evading taxes on income from poker machines.
They were caught during the federal investigation of convicted racketeer Thomas
Venezia, who supplied the machines.

Ken Riche, chief of criminal investigation for the Kansas-Missouri IRS District,
said that while the IRS became increasingly involved in many investigations with
the FBI, the Drug Enforcement Administration and the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco
and Firearms, "there has been a shift and re-emphasis on the tax-fraud
investigations" by the IRS nationwide.

Since 1994, Riche said, the Kansas-Missouri district had increased its tax-fraud
cases from 48 to 63 percent of the total investigations. During the same time,
narcotics investigations involving tax evasion have dropped from 29 percent to
20 percent, he said.

Some recent cases show the emphasis on tax fraud involves businessmen who
cheated, Riche said. One targeted Donald Dobbs and his son David, officers of
Dobbs Tire and Auto Center Inc. They admitted using nearly $ 500,000 in company
funds for improvements at their homes and other personal expenses.

One of the organizers of the group's project is David Burnham, an associate
professor at Syracuse University. A former New York Times reporter, he
investigated police corruption and has written books on the IRS and Justice
Department. The group's project also has Web sites on the Drug Enforcement
Administration and the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms.

Burnham said the IRS' role in prosecuting organized crime, drug traffickers and
other criminals started in the 1960s when Robert F. Kennedy was attorney
general. The willingness to use the IRS, especially in drug cases, showed a
marked increase during the administrations of presidents Ronald Reagan and
George Bush.

One local federal prosecutor said drug cases were easier for the IRS to
prosecute than the traditional tax-fraud cases because if a suspect is shown to
have income but did not report it, "the case is made."

Burnham said the group's information indicates the IRS enforcement policies were
erratic. He said the New York district has the highest-income people and
Mississippi the poorest, but both are in the top 10 for civil audits.

The IRS has decreased the frequency of audits on people with income of more than
$ 100,000 but increased it on people who earn less than $ 25,000. "The upper
middle class and business types are having a much easier time," Burnham said.
"The IRS effort is aimed at poorer individuals and criminal lowlifes."

Here are some other findings in the group's survey:

In fiscal 1995, the IRS recommended 3,963 prosecutions, and 2,319 occurred.
There were 1,812 convictions, and 947 people went to prison, which was lower
than for the three previous years.

Administrative actions by the IRS resulted in one in six tax filers receiving a
penalty and one in 33 being subjected to a lien, levy or seizure of assets. One
in 143 filers was subject to a district tax audit.

Most underreporting in 1995 was by big corporations, accounting for 58 percent
of the total. Small and midsized businesses accounted for 11 percent,
high-income individuals for 10 percent and low-to-middle income individuals were
20 percent.

The address of the TRAC IRS Web site is: http://trac.syr.edu/tracirs

LOAD-DATE: April 14, 1997

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, Graphic chart - Tax Prosecutions

 1. Pensacola, Fla.         44          31 2. Manhattan, N.Y. 109          23.6
3. Las Vegas, Nev.         35          22.9 4. Brooklyn, N.Y.         147
         20.2 5. Honolulu 22          18.5 6. East St. Louis          22
         17.4 7. Fort Worth, Texas       89          16.7 8. Greenboro, N.C.
        36 16.3 9. Asheville, N.C.         35          15.9 10. Tulsa, Okla.
          14          15.9      --------------------------- 40. St. Louis
             23           8.5 46. Kansas City            21 7.7 48. Chicago
               61           7.3 80. Springfield, Ill.       7           3.2

                  Copyright 1997 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.

                             433 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 21, 2016 Thursday

Ohio: Three from Northeast Ohio plead guilty for their roles in $17 million
investment fraud

LENGTH: 468  words

DATELINE: New York



 Columbus: Department of Justice, The State of Ohio has issued the following
news release:



   Three men from Northeast Ohio pleaded guilty this week for their roles in a
conspiracy to defraud about 70 investors out of approximately $17 million, law
enforcement officials said.





 Thomas Abdallah, 52, of Brunswick, pleaded guilty this week to plead to one
count of conspiracy to commit wire fraud and securities fraud and one count of
money laundering.



 Mark M. George, 59, of Independence pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy
to commit wire fraud and securities fraud.



 Jeffrey L. Gainer, 52, of Akron, pleaded guilty to one count of sale of
unregistered securities.



 All three are scheduled to be sentenced Oct. 4



 The guilty pleas was announced by Carole S. Rendon, U.S. Attorney for the
Northern District of Ohio, Stephen D. Anthony, Special Agent in Charge of the
FBI's Cleveland Office, and Kathy Enstrom, Special Agent in Charge, IRS-Criminal
Investigations, Cincinnati Field Office.



 Kenneth A. Grant, Jerry A. Cicolani and Kelly C. Hood previously pleaded guilty
to crimes related to this fraud.



 Abdallah and Grant owned and operated KGTA Petroleum, Ltd. They and others
marketed KGTA as a company that earned profits from buying and selling crude oil
and refined fuel products. They represented to investors that they had
relationships with third-party purchasers and investor funds would be used to
purchase fuel products at a discount and then resold at substantial profit,
according to court documents.



 KGTA issued investment agreements and promissory notes which offered guaranteed
monthly payments up to five percent per month or annual payments of
approximately 60 percent per year, according to the information. The defendants
never filed documentation about KGTA with the Securities and Exchange
Commission, according to court documents.



 Together, they obtained approximately $31 million from about 70 investors
between 2010 and 2014 through false and fraudulent pretenses. They knew KGTA did
not have agreements in place to sell oil and fuel, and that investors would not
earn 5 percent per month on their investments, according to court documents.



 The defendants used investor money for personal expenditures and luxury items
including a Mercedes Benz, a boat and mortgage payments on high-end residential
property. As a result of the conspiracy, the defendants defrauded the investors
out of approximately $17 million, according to court documents.



 This case is being prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorneys M. Kendra Klump and
Mark S. Bennett following an investigation by the Federal Bureau of
Investigation and Internal Revenue Service--Criminal Investigations.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             434 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       TELEGRAM & GAZETTE (Massachusetts)

                          February 14, 2007 Wednesday
                                  ALL EDITIONS

Business briefs

SECTION: BUSINESS; BUSINESS BRIEFS; Pg. E1

LENGTH: 487 words


TELEGRAM & GAZETTE

Bloomberg Index

Central Massachusetts -0.53

180.26

Volume: 34,966,312

Up: 11

Down: 17

Unchanged: 4

Gainer: Waters Corp. $56.67 +$.38

(volume of 558,376 shares)

Decliner: Arrhythmia Research Tech. Inc. $29.39 -$1.61

(volume of 180,415 shares)

Noteworthy: Sepracor Inc. was rated new "market perform" in new coverage by
analyst David Amsellem at Friedman, Billings, Ramsey & Co. The price target is
$58.00 per share.

Local

Found guilty

Edward P. Mattar III, president of the former Central New England Colleges in
Worcester and Westboro in the 1980s, and two other men have been found guilty of
conspiracy and fraud related to the collapse in 1998 of a Colorado bank that
forced the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. to cover most of the bank's $200
million in deposits.

All three defendants were found guilty in U.S. District Court in Denver of one
count of conspiracy, six counts of bank fraud, two counts of false bank reports,
and six counts of wire fraud. Conspiracy carries a penalty of not more than five
years in federal prison, and a fine of up to $250,000.

Bank fraud, false bank reports, and wire fraud carry penalties of not more than
30 years in federal prison, and up to a $1 million fine, per count

Two other co-defendants were convicted by a jury in August 2005 of fraud-related
charges in the failure of Boulder-based Best-Bank.

No sentencing date has been set for the defendants, according to the U.S.
attorney's office.

Mr. Mattar, now 67, purchased BestBank in 1989. He resigned as head of Central
New England Colleges in 1988 after an audit disclosed evidence of mismanagement
and at least $14 million in debt. A year later, the school was forced to shut
down.

Federal authorities said Mr. Mattar and other bank officials ruined the bank
through a fraudulent scheme based on the sale of credit cards to people with bad
credit histories. The scheme involved more than a half-million credit cards.

Hotel rebranded

WORCESTER - The former Best Western at 50 Oriol Drive has been rebranded as a
Quality Inn & Suites Hotel and is undergoing a $300,000 renovation, the
property's owner, SPS Hotel Corp., announced.

The renovation includes new carpets, furnishings and linens. The hotel has 58
rooms and 58 suites, a fitness center and outdoor pool.

The new general manager is Samir Dhamija, who earned an MBA in hospitality
management from Johnson & Wales University. Shirley Gonzalez is sales manager.

Record levels

WESTBORO - American Superconductor Corp. said Hyundai Heavy Industries Co. Ltd.
has achieved world record performance levels for fault current limiters that it
developed using AMSC's second-generation high temperature superconductor wire.

The limiters act as surge protectors in power grids.

Annual meeting

WESTBORO - Globix Corp., a facilities-based bandwidth provider in the Northeast,
will have its annual shareholders meeting at 9 a.m. Feb. 27 at the company's
headquarters, 2200 West Park Drive, Westboro.

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2007 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             435 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Patriot Ledger (Quincy, MA)

                            March 16, 2013 Saturday
                                  ROP Edition

RANDOLPH;
Randolph defendant gets 6 months in prison;
Woman sentenced in fraud scheme

BYLINE:  Lane Lambert, The Patriot Ledger.

Lane Lambert may be reached at llambert@ledger.com

SECTION: News; pg. 11

LENGTH: 182 words


A Randolph woman has been sentenced to six months in federal prison for mortgage
fraud and identity theft.

Allison Gates, 50, pleaded guilty to seven counts of wire fraud and four counts
of identity fraud last July. She was sentenced Thursday in U.S. District Court
in Boston and was ordered to surrender to the Bureau of Prisons before April 15,
according to the U.S. Attorney's Office.

She must also pay $1.2 million restitution to swindled mortgage lenders. She
will be on supervised release for two years.

Gates helped co-defendants Peterson Cherimond of Dorchester and Judy Bonas of
New York City by posing as the buyer for four properties in Halifax, Brockton
and Worcester in 2006, the U.S. Attorney said.

Gates was paid $12,000 to use a Boston woman's stolen ID to sign the mortgage
closing documents for Cherimond and Bonas in 2006. All three were charged in
2011.

Cherimond also pleaded guilty last July. He will be sentenced in April. Bonas
pleaded guilty to the scheme in April 2012, and in February got a sentence
similar to Gates's and has been ordered to report to prison by April 22.

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2013 The Patriot Ledger

                             436 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Tribune-Review (Greensburg, PA)

                             April 9, 2013 Tuesday

Trafford businessman charged with fraud

BYLINE: by BRIAN BOWLING

LENGTH: 302 words


The owner of a Springdale construction business defrauded a mall development
company on two West Coast projects in 2006 and 2007, according to federal
prosecutors.

Robert E. Crawford, age unavailable, of Trafford, then president of R.E.
Crawford Construction, paid $766,000 to an executive with Simon Property Group
Inc. to select his company for projects in Seattle and Laguna Hills, Calif.,
prosecutors say. Crawford made the payments to Abby Inc. of Carmel, Ind., a
separate company where the executive was president, according to prosecutors.

Crawford also conspired with his project manager to inflate the invoices
submitted for the work. He is charged with wire fraud, three counts of mail
fraud, three counts of preparing false tax returns and two counts of filing
false tax returns.

There was no attorney listed for Crawford in court records, his home phone has
been disconnected and his office phone was out of service. A representative at
the Sarasota, Fla., office for the company couldn't be reached for comment.

In a 2008 civil lawsuit, Simon Property Group claimed Crawford, his company and
other defendants defrauded the company during the two projects.

Mark Palombaro, a former senior vice president of Simon Property Group and
president of Abby Inc., and his company agreed to pay Simon Property Group
$776,000, according to court documents.

The remaining defendants apparently settled in a separate agreement, but the
terms of the agreement aren't included in court documents, according to the case
record at Pittsburgh federal court.

The attorneys who represented Crawford and his company in the civil case, and
representatives for Simon Property Group couldn't be reached for comment.

Brian Bowling is a staff writer for Trib Total Media. He can be reached at
412-325-4301 or bbowling@tribweb.com

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2013 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved

                             437 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                           Crain's Cleveland Business

                                 April 28, 1997

WARNING: CORPORATE FRAUD IS RISING

BYLINE: DOUGLAS FULMER

SECTION: Finance; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 1094 words


For a company with annual sales of $8 million, it should be obvious when nearly
$100,000 a year is walking out the door in an internal fraud scheme.

Should be.

But Frank Suponcic knows better. Mr. Suponcic, an accountant and manager with
the Skoda, Mi-notti & Reeves accounting and consulting firm in Mayfield Village,
said one $8 million company he knew of lost $500,000 - in a scheme that lasted
more than six years - when an employee figured out a way to use a company
account to pay for personal credit card purchases.

The theft came to light when a shareholder who never looked at the books asked
to examine them and saw exorbitant payments tocredit card companies which had no
business purposes.

''It was blatant, but no one ever looked for it,'' Mr. Suponcic said.

The exact cost to business wrought by employee fraud and embezzlement is
difficult to calculate. But those who follow the issue say they're certain of
one thing: internal corporate fraud is on the rise.

For instance, the Austin, Texas-based Association of Certified Fraud Examiners
estimates fraud costs employers 6% of revenue every year, a total of more than
$400 billion annually. The average company or organization loses $9 per day per
employee to fraud and theft, according to the association.

Such fraud doesn't discriminate between large and small companies. It's
prevalent in roughly equal measures in big and small businesses, and the median
loss is about $120,000, the Texas association found.

Although employee fraud cannot be eliminated, it can be reduced substantially,
local experts say.

They agree that the biggest obstacle to companies taking effective
countermeasures against employee fraud is the ''It can't happen to me''
mentality.

''They have the 'Good old Joe? He wouldn't do that. I've known him for 30 years'
mind-set,''' said Bill Kelly, seminar organizer of the Cleveland chapter of the
Institute of Internal Auditors.

Mr. Suponcic, who specializesin detecting fraud and embezzlement in audits, said
he has seen cases of employee fraud ranging from $100 per week in payroll to a
total of more than $6 million.

Taking action against possible fraud can begin during the hiring process, Mr.
Suponcic said. He encourages clients to adopt a ''fraud statement'' so that
potential hires recognize that the company is aware of fraud and that it will
prosecute offenders as well as seek restitution for losses.

Another inexpensive means of screening out potential problem employees is to
conduct comprehensive background checks on them. Mr. Suponcic said most
corporate fraud is perpetrated by repeat offenders.

For as little as $50 to $100, companies can find out if applicants have a record
of fraud or embezzlement that could prove to be a liability.

Many detective agencies conduct pre-employment background checks.

One such company is Integra Investigations, which has offices in Elyria and
Akron.

Investigator Marge Rhodes said she has a standard list of items to check,
beginning with finding out if the person has ever filed any workers'
compensation claims. She said that some individuals get new jobs solely for the
purpose of filing a claim.

Ms. Rhodes also routinely checks arrest and driving records and verifies
addresses and employment and education histories. All these are a matter of
public record and can be checked without the prospective employee's consent.
Checking credit records requires their permission.

In some cases, Ms. Rhodes will interview prospective employees on behalf of the
company.

''After going through all this, you can pretty much weed out anyone who is not
going to be a good employee,'' she said.

In the workplace, companies need to strike a delicate balance that reduces
opportunities for fraud without creating a hostile or paranoid atmosphere.  Most
experts agree that the key to establishing such a balance is dividing
responsibilities.

If the same person is responsible for receiving payments, making deposits,
writing checks and reconciling bank statements, the opportunity for fraud is
greatly increased.

Preventing that can be difficult for small companies, but such responsibilities
should be divided as much as is practical.

Payroll is an area ripe for fraud, especially at small companies where one
person typically processes the hours, writes the checks and fills out the W-2
statements. Simple oversight, such as having the bank statements mailed to the
owner, can be an effective deterrent.

Another simple tool is to make sure employees take vacations.

''It sounds kind of stupid, but the person who doesn't want to take a vacation
often doesn't want to because if he did, whatever sham he is operating would
come to light,'' Mr. Suponcic said.

The same rule-of-thumb applies to employees who consistently work long hours.

Mr. Suponcic said employers should trust their instincts and not their hearts.

''Nine times out of 10 when we're called in by a client that suspects something
is happening, they're right,'' Mr. Suponcic said. ''It's just a matter of
putting the pieces of the puzzle together.''

LOAD-DATE: April 30, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1997 Crain Communications Inc.

                             438 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                              May 9, 2006 Tuesday
                                  ALL EDITION

MORTGAGE FRAUD IS 'CANCER' PLAGUING THE ATLANTA AREA

BYLINE: By Joe Johnson Morris News Service

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B05

LENGTH: 550 words


ATLANTA - Ann Fulmer was suspicious about houses in her Stone Mountain
neighborhood that sold for extraordinary prices only to fall badly into
disrepair, especially in the late 1990s before the Atlanta metro area real
estate boom.

So, the stay-at-home mother and lawyer began checking DeKalb County real estate
record.

She found that homes were being bought and sold by the same people, sometimes
doubling in price, and in the process uncovered a mortgage fraud scheme that
authorities shut down and put the ringleaders in jail.

Emboldened by her success, Ms. Fulmer in 2002 co-founded Georgia Real Estate
Fraud Prevention and Awareness Coalition, a collection of real estate and
lending professionals, state regulators, and law enforcement from local, state
and federal agencies.

The group was formed to fight what Ms. Fulmer calls a "cancer" that was plaguing
the Atlanta area, known as the nation's mortgage fraud capital.

An investigation of an Athens-Clarke subdivision that's the epicenter of what
might be one of the state's largest-ever mortgage schemes shows no community is
immune from the spreading plague of fraud, investigators and real estate experts
said.

It's a fast-growing form of white-collar crime that the FBI said cost the
country $1 billion last year, up from $46 million a decade ago.

Telltale signs of mortgage fraud, such as Ms. Fulmer found in her neighborhood,
include houses being bought and quickly resold at inflated prices, only to be
abandoned to deteriorate and bring down adjoining property values.

"One thing that makes Georgia vulnerable is you have a lot of immigration here
from around the country, of people from high-cost areas like Boston,
(Washington) D.C., and Los Angeles, and they don't know the property values so
they rely on the integrity of professionals to guide them," Ms. Fulmer said.

The most common form of mortgage fraud is called "flipping," when unscrupulous
investors buy houses in disrepair, fraudulently inflate their appraisals and
sell them at high profits.

The schemes are easier to hide in high-density areas such as Atlanta, Ms. Fulmer
said, because appraisers need to get comparable values within a mile of a house
being sold.

What sets apart the alleged scheme in Athens - which centers around Milford
Hills subdivision off Barnett Shoals Road - is that it involves new
construction, said Andrew Carswell, an assistant professor of Housing and
Consumer Economics at the University of Georgia.

For the scheme to work, it requires industry professionals, including brokers,
appraisers and attorneys, to be in on the fraud, he said.

"That's the other thing that makes it one of the more unique cases of fraud is
because there are so many parties involved," Mr. Carswell said.

An Athens-Clarke County Magistrate Court arrest warrant names 23 co-conspirators
in the alleged Milford Hills scheme, with other "known and unknown" players.

Nine arrests under the state's Racketeer Influenced and Cor-rupt Organizations
Act have been made in recent weeks.

Of the 124 houses in Milford Hills, approximately 100 were involved the alleged
fraud, investigators said.

Residents said at least 30 homes have been foreclosed since the subdivision's
first phase was completed in 2003.

Georgia's governor signed the nation's first Residential Mortgage Fraud Act in
May 2005.

LOAD-DATE: June 16, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2006 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation

                             439 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 31, 2015 Saturday

Twelve sentenced in federal court in interstate conspiracy involving bank fraud,
money laundering and drug manufacturing charges

LENGTH: 699  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


United States Attorney's Office for the Middle District of Pennsylvania has
issued the following press release:

The United States Attorney=s Office for the Middle District of Pennsylvania
announced that twelve individuals previously charged either by indictment or
information have all been sentenced in federal court in Scranton.  The federal
charges involved conspiracy to commit bank fraud, money laundering, and the
manufacture of marijuana in Northeastern Pennsylvania and New Jersey.  The last
of the defendants, Antonio Figueredo was sentenced on January 26, 2015.

According to United States Attorney Peter Smith, Carlos Guerra-Lescay, age 52,
Eileen Mesa, age 37, Ernesto Huerta Martin, age 52, Jose Frias, age 44, all from
Newark, New Jersey, Martha Leon, age 51, Carlos Leon, age 50, both from Naples,
Florida, Jose Arias Perdomo, age 38, Florida, Milagros Vargas, age 35, from
Hialeah, Florida, Vivian Cruz, age 50, and Figueredo, age 44, both from Easton,
Pennsylvania, Evelyn Ugalde, age 38, from Hopatcong, New Jersey, and Osleivy
Gomez, age 37, North Bergen, New Jersey were all charged in connection with the
case.

The defendants engaged in a scheme to acquire properties with false financial
information submitted to various financial institutions located across the
country.  The properties, located in the Brodheadsville and Gilbert area of
Monroe County, PA, Newark, NJ and Miami, FL were then used to facilitate indoor
marijuana growing operations. Search warrants were executed by the Pennsylvania
State Police at three of the properties in August 2011.

The defendants were federally charged at various times in December 2013, and all
defendants plead guilty.  The defendants were all sentenced on various dates by
United States District Court Judge Robert D. Mariani as follows:

Carlos Guerra-Lescay - sentenced to 60 months imprisonment of conspiracy to
commit money laundering and manufacture, distribute, and possession with intent
to distribute in excess of 100 marijuana plants.  Guerra-Lescay is to pay
$3,166,629.48 restitution.

Ernesto Heurta Martin - sentenced to 23 months imprisonment of conspiracy to
manufacture, distribute, and possession with intent to distribute in excess of
100 marijuana plants.

Jose Arias Perdomo - sentenced to 18 months imprisonment of conspiracy to
manufacture, distribute, and possession with intent to distribute in excess of
100 marijuana plants.

Eileen Mesa - sentenced to 3 years' probation with 6 months house
arrest/electronic monitoring for conspiracy to commit bank fraud.

Vivian Cruz - sentenced to 3 years' probation with 6 months house
arrest/electronic monitoring for conspiracy to commit bank fraud.  Cruz is to
pay $518,984.39 restitution.

Jose Frias - sentenced to 3 years' probation with 6 months house
arrest/electronic monitoring for conspiracy to commit bank fraud.

Osleivy Gomez - sentenced to 3 years' probation with 6 months house
arrest/electronic monitoring conspiracy to commit bank fraud.  Gomez is to pay
$430,305.84 restitution.

Carlos Leon - sentenced to 3 years' probation with 6 months house
arrest/electronic monitoring for conspiracy to commit bank fraud.  Leon is to
pay $299,368.36 restitution.

Martha Leon - sentenced to 3 years' probation with 6 months house
arrest/electronic monitoring for conspiracy to commit bank fraud.  Leon is to
pay $299,368.36 restitution.

Milagros Vargas - sentenced to 3 years' probation with 6 months house
arrest/electronic monitoring for conspiracy to commit bank fraud.  Vargas is to
pay $411,736.00 restitution.

Evelyn Ugalde - sentenced to 2 years' probation with 6 months house
arrest/electronic monitoring for conspiracy to commit bank fraud.  Ugalde is to
pay $126,360.42 restitution.

Antonio Figueredo - sentenced to 3 years' probation for conspiracy to commit
bank fraud.  Figueredo is to pay $518,984.39 restitution.

This case was investigated by the Drug Enforcement Administration, the
Department of the Treasury - Internal Revenue Service, and the Pennsylvania
State Police.  The case was prosecuted by Assistant United States Attorney
Michelle Olshefski.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             440 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Blade (Toledo, Ohio)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              May 24, 2013 Friday

Ohio voter fraud relatively low

BYLINE: Jim Provance, The Blade, Toledo, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 640 words


May 24--COLUMBUS -- Twenty people voted both in battleground Ohio and in another
state during last year's presidential election, while 115 more voted twice in
the state, the top elections official said on Thursday.

In the majority of those cases, the fraudulent ballots were caught and not
counted, but in some cases they did make it through the state's defenses,
according to Secretary of State Jon Husted.

"Voter fraud does exist, but it's not an epidemic," he said. "No amount of fraud
is acceptable, and if you cheat, you will be caught, and you will be held
accountable."

Ohio and 21 other states -- including neighboring Michigan, Kentucky, and West
Virginia -- voluntarily compared their voter registration databases to flag
cases in which voters were simultaneously registered in multiple states.
Although it's not uncommon for people to move without thinking about canceling
their registrations in their former states, Ohio found 20 cases in which the
voter took it to the next level by voting in both states.

Eight Ohio ballots were cast by people also voting in Florida; two each in
Arkansas, Illinois, Kentucky, and Virginia; and one each in Michigan, Arizona,
Georgia, and South Carolina.

Those 20 interstate voters have been referred to Attorney General Mike DeWine
for potential charges. In northwest Ohio, one voter apiece in Wood and Allen
counties are among the 20.

Mr. Husted and Mr. DeWine's offices declined to identify the accused. Ohio's
pivotal role in electing presidents explains why residents of less competitive
states might prefer to vote here, Mr. Husted said.

In all, county boards of elections reported a total of 625 "voting
irregularities." Of those, 115 were referred to local county prosecutors for
review.

Most often, Mr. Husted said, these involved cases where the voter cast an
absentee ballot and then showed up to vote in person on Election Day. In most
cases, poll workers flagged those voters, but allowed them to cast last-resort,
provisional ballots that were disqualified before they could be counted.

"We have a number now," said Peg Rosenfeld, elections specialist for the League
of Women Voters of Ohio. "You can't ever say that it [voter fraud] is totally
unknown, but they make one very good point: If you try to cheat, you will be
caught. There are so many safeguards. You're not going to get away with it."

The fraud cases represent just 0.002397 percent of the 5.6 million who voted
last fall in Ohio -- one 200th of 1 percent, Ms. Rosenfeld said.

"These are 135 cases that have been referred to prosecutors," she said. "They
aren't all convictions. They're just accusations."

The 115 in-state multiple-voters included 10 in Erie County, three in Allen, and
two in Ottawa. The Lucas County Board of Elections reported no alleged
irregularities to Mr. Husted's office while several other large counties --
Cuyahoga, Franklin, and Lorain -- reported more than 100 each.

Ultimately, Mr. Husted said, it comes down to elections boards' judgment as what
constitutes an irregularity. He credited the multistate database and
technological upgrades to Ohio's own voter registration database with making it
easier to track irregularities.

Mr. Husted said he does not know whether students are among the 20 multistate
voters referred to the attorney general. A budget plan the Ohio House of
Representatives adopted included a provision requiring public universities to
charge out-of-state students cheaper in-state tuition if they provide
documentation establishing Ohio residency for voting purposes.

The Senate is expected to strip that provision from the budget before voting
next month, but discussions continue on other voting reforms.

Contact Jim Provance at:  or 614-221-0496.

___ (c)2013 The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) Visit The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) at
www.toledoblade.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: May 24, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130524-TO-HLT-Ohio-voter-fraud-relatively-low-0524-20130524

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TO


                            Copyright 2013 The Blade

                             441 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                    September 7, 1997, Sunday, ALL EDITIONS

NATION IN BRIEF;
Two arrested for trade theft

BYLINE: ---From news services

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS; Pg. 10A

LENGTH: 565 words


By mail, by phone and in private lectures, a researcher turned over $ 200
million of Avery Dennison Corp.'s trade secrets to a Taiwanese competitor, the
FBI says. The two people who allegedly bought the secrets ---paying $ 150,000
during an eight-year stretch ---were in federal custody Saturday, facing a
possible 10-year prison sentence and a lawsuit.

Pin Yen Yang, 70, of Taipei, Taiwan, and his daughter, Hwei Chen Yang, 39, will
be held until a hearing Sept. 15. They were not required to make a plea in an
initial appearance Friday before U.S. Magistrate Judge David Perelman. The pair
were arrested Thursday night as they boarded a plane from Cleveland to Newark,
N.J., said Van Harp, agent in charge of the FBI's Cleveland office. "This is a
textbook case of white-collar crime," he said.

The Yangs are each accused of theft of trade secrets, conspiracy, mail fraud,
wire fraud, money laundering and receipt of stolen goods. Avery Dennison, based
in Pasadena, Calif., is among the nation's largest makers of self-adhesive
products. Yang owns Four Pillars Enterprise Company Ltd. in Taipei, and his
daughter, who has dual U.S.-Taiwanese citizenship, works with him.

AVIATION 3 skydivers die

Four people were killed when a single-engine plane carrying skydivers crashed
while taking off in Lincoln, R.I. The other two passengers and several
firefighters were injured, fire Lt. James Grenga said. Grenga said the
firefighters were injured in an explosion after they responded to the crash, but
the injuries were not serious. The plane was operated by the Boston-Providence
Skydiving Center.

Fatal Mustang crash

A vintage World War II plane crashed on the side of a roadway , killing the
pilot and a passenger. State police said the pilot, Paul Peters, 57, of Saline,
Mich., was apparently trying to land the plane on Mich. 50. Witnesses told
police that smoke was coming from the P-51 Mustang before the crash. Peters and
Mary Ann Jones, 35, of Toledo, Ohio, died in the crash. The plane was flying
from Toledo to Willow Run Airport in Ypsilanti, Mich., when it crashed at 11:03
a.m., authorities said.

CRIME On most wanted list

A man thought to have connections with organized crime has been added to the
FBI's list of the 10 most wanted fugitives, the bureau announced. Paul Ragusa,
26, was charged in 1996 in New York with racketeering, armed bank robbery, armed
robbery, attempted armed robbery and arson. The charges include a June 1993
armored car robbery attempt in which two retired New York police officers were
shot. One was seriously wounded.

Group home to close

A group home for troubled youngsters that housed a 12-year-old boy and two
teenagers charged with his beating death will be closed permanently.
Passageway's decision to close the home and four others came the same day Los
Angeles County removed all children in its custody from the homes. The county
contracted with Passageway to house the youths. Rodney Haynes Jr. was killed
last month while staying at the Passageway home in Calabasas, 40 miles northwest
of Los Angeles.

PRISONS Riot on death row

A riot in an Ohio prison's death row unit was brought under control within five
hours after a tactical team stormed the facility with tear gas. Death row
inmates at the Mansfield Correctional Institution were confined to their cells
in lockdown conditions.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1997 The Atlanta Constitution

                             442 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                 The Daily Record of Rochester (Rochester, NY)

                            April 23, 2008 Wednesday

Case Digests

LENGTH: 1458  words


u.s. district

Court, wdny

Fraud

No-Sale Theory

U.S. v. Kurtz

04-CR-0155A

Judge Arcara

Background: In 2004, the defendant was charged with mail and wire fraud. The
indictment alleges the defendant, a faculty member of the art department of the
State University of New York at Buffalo, sought to acquire samples of certain
biological materials from a supplier, a not-for-profit organization in Virginia.
The supplier had a policy of selling biological materials only to approved
businesses and institutions with a demonstrated need. The defendant, along with
an investigator from the University of Pittsburgh's Human Genetics Laboratory,
developed a scheme wherein the investigator purchased the material and provided
it to the defendant. The defendant filed a motion for dismissal of the
indictment because it fails to allege any deprivation of property within the
meaning of the mail and wire fraud statutes, and because it fails to allege the
defendant intended to defraud the seller or the laboratory of any property.

Ruling: The court agrees the indictment is insufficient as the essential
elements of wire fraud and mail fraud are not pled. The indictment also does not
state a violation of law under a no-sale theory of fraud since it does not state
what interest the seller had in limiting sales to certain purchasers. The
indictment is dismissed.

William J. Hochul Jr., U.S. Attorney's Office, for the United States, and Paul
J. Cambria Jr. of Lipsitz Green Scime Cambria LLP for the defendant

Fourth Amendment

Excessive Force

Fifield v. Barrancotta

04-CV-6540L

Judge Larimer

Background: Plaintiff Darwin Fifield Sr., an inmate at the Wyoming Correctional
Facility, brought action against the defendants, which include the chief of the
Lockport Police Department and various lieutenants. Fifield alleges Barrancotta,
Seekins and Wasik used excessive force in arresting him, and Merritt approved
such conduct, all in violation of his Fourth Amendment right to freedom from
unreasonable search and seizure. Fifield was arrested at his home in 2003 after
an accusation of child abuse was made against him.

Ruling: The plaintiff admits he never complained of the tightness of the
handcuffs when he was arrested and he requested no medical attention. The court
notes the severity of the crimes charged and the plaintiff's threats made to
officers in the past appear to justify the caution used in the plaintiff's
arrest. The plaintiff failed to state a claim for unlawful and excessive force
and the complaint is dismissed.

Darwin J. Fifield, pro se, and R. Anthony Rupp III of Rupp, Baase, Pfalzgraf,
Cunningham & Coppola LLC for the defendants

Appellate

division, third

Department

Accidental Disability

Benefits

Unexpected Event

Sweeney v. Hevesi

503568

Article 78 review of determination

by the comptroller

Background: The petitioner worked as an outside maintenance worker for a school
district and was injured while lifting a heavy roll of fencing. He later was
found to have suffered a herniated disk. The petitioner's application for
disability benefits was denied because the injuries were not found to be
accidental within the meaning of the statute.

Ruling: An injury that occurs without an unexpected event and is the result of
activity undertaken in the performance of ordinary employment activities is not
an accidental injury. The work the petitioner was performing was a relatively
frequent task. There is sufficient support for the comptroller's ruling that the
petitioner's injury occurred in the performance of normal duties as a
maintenance worker.

Harry Binder of Binder & Binder PC for the petitioner, and William E. Storrs,
Office of the Attorney General, for the respondent

Negligence

Actual Notice

Heilbrunn v. Town of Woodstock

503636

Appealed from Supreme Court,

Ulster County

Background: The plaintiff appeals from a verdict in favor of the defendant.
While waiting to enter a community center to attend a film festival, the
plaintiff was standing on a handicapped-accessible ramp and leaning on a railing
when the railing broke. The plaintiff commenced action alleging the defendant
was negligent by allowing a dangerous and defective condition to exist on the
premises. The jury found the defendant was not negligent.

Ruling: The court states that to establish the defendant's legal responsibility
for the accident, the plaintiff was required to prove the defendant had actual
or constructive notice of the alleged defect that caused the accident. The
finding of the jury was not against the weight of the evidence.

Paul H. Wein of Wein, Young, Fenton & Kelsey for the appellant, and Monte J.
Rosenstein for the respondent

Dangerous Condition

- Plaintiff Affidavit

Valenti v. Exxon Mobil Corp.

503658

Appealed from Supreme Court,

Ulster County

Background: The plaintiff claimed he sustained permanent physical injuries when
he slipped and fell on ice at the defendant's service station. The defendant
moved for dismissal, arguing there was no evidence that the plaintiff's fall was
caused by ice. The complaint was dismissed and the plaintiff appeals.

Ruling: The court notes the scant evidence in support the plaintiff's claim.
Much of it was inconsistent with the affidavit of the plaintiff himself. A
non-moving party cannot defeat summary judgment by "alleging issues of fact
created by self-serving affidavits contradicting prior sworn deposition
testimony. " The dismissal is affirmed.

Eli Basch of Basch & Keegan LLP for the appellant, and Alicyn B. Craig, of
McCusker, Anselmi, Rosen & Carvelli PC for the respondent

Tax Assessments

Grievance Complaint

Frei v. Town of Livingston

503638

Appealed from Supreme Court,

Columbia County

Background: The assessment on the petitioners' property was raised and, using
FedEx, they attempted to have their grievance delivered on the day before the
deadline for filing. No one was present at the town hall to sign for the package
and it was given to a highway worker down the street, instead. It arrived at the
assessor's office after the deadline passed. The supreme court dismissed the
petition and the petitioners appealed.

Ruling: The filing of a grievance complaint with the assessor is a condition
precedent and jurisdictional prerequisite to obtaining judicial review. Having
failed to do this, the petitioners cannot litigate the matter in the courts. The
dismissal is affirmed.

William W. Frame of Corbally, Gartland & Rappleyea for the appellants, and
Robert J. Fitzsimmons for the respondent

Real Property

Financing Statement

Benizzi v. Bank of the Hudson

503591

Appealed from Supreme Court,

Sullivan County

Background: This dispute concerns the enforceability of a UCC-1 statement filed
by the defendant bank against a manufactured home located on property owned by
the plaintiffs. One plaintiff's parents placed their manufactured home on the
plaintiff's property and secured a home equity loan but never bought the land
they intended to purchase. A UCC-1 statement was filed. Eventually, the parents
defaulted and the plaintiffs were unable to obtain a loan secured by their
property from a different bank. (The application was denied because of the
financing statement.) The defendant refused to remove the UCC filing and this
suit followed. Motions for summary judgment were denied.

Ruling: The court affirms the judgment of the supreme court's holding that there
are unresolved issues as to whether the manufactured home was permanently
affixed to the plaintiffs' property before the subject home equity loan to the
parents.

William W. Frame of Corbally, Gartland & Rappleyea for the appellant, and James
J. Murray of Collier & Berger PLLC for the respondents

Workers'

Compensation

Cancellation of Policy

Estes v. Metropolitan Warehouse Inc.

503135

Appealed from the Workers'

Compensation Board

Background: The claimant applied for workers' compensation benefits but the
State Insurance Fund was not liable for payments as the policy with the
claimant's employer lapsed. The employer was found to have a greater number of
employees than reported and an additional charge was levied. Notice sent to the
employer stated the additional $20,000 would pay only the employer's arrears and
not reinstate the policy that lapsed months before the payment the employer
eventually would make to the fund.

Ruling: The board properly determined the doctrine of estoppel did not apply in
this case. A workers' compensation carrier may be estopped from denying benefits
when its conduct leads an employer to the reasonable belief that the policy is
not cancelled. It was evident the payment of arrears was not going to reinstate
the policy. The State Insurance Fund is not liable for disability payments.

Thomas M. Murnane of Stafford, Owens, Curtin & Trombley PLLC for the appellant,
and Nancy E. Wood, State Insurance Fund, for the respondents

LOAD-DATE: April 24, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved

                             443 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Bakersfield Californian

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            February 24, 2014 Monday

BRIEF: Carl Cole sentenced to 17 1/2 years in prison

BYLINE: John Cox, The Bakersfield Californian

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 109 words


Feb. 24--FRESNO -- Carl Cole was sentenced Monday to 17 1/2 years in federal
prison for his role in a $30 million mortgage fraud scheme in Bakersfield.

Cole had previously pleaded guilty to conspiracy to commit mail fraud, wire
fraud and bank fraud.

After his sentencing he was immediately taken into custody.

Also Monday, his son, Caleb, was sentenced to six months in prison after having
pleaded guilty to mail fraud.

Caleb Cole will not have to report to prison until April 21.

___ (c)2014 The Bakersfield Californian (Bakersfield, Calif.) Visit The
Bakersfield Californian (Bakersfield, Calif.) at www.bakersfield.com Distributed
by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20140224-BK-BRF-Carl-Cole-sentenced-to-17-1-2-years-in-prison-0224-20140224

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BK


                   Copyright 2014 The Bakersfield Californian

                             444 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                           March 18, 1992, Wednesday

LOUISIANA COMMISSIONER PROPOSES ANTI-FRAUD UNIT

BYLINE: JANET PLUME; Journal of Commerce Special

SECTION: INSURANCE, Pg. 9A

LENGTH: 298 words

DATELINE: NEW ORLEANS


Jim Brown, Louisiana insurance commissioner, announced plans this week to create
his department's first anti-fraud unit.

"In about half the insolvent companies we shut down there was some element of
fraud involved," Mr. Brown told the Property Claims Service Insurance Fraud
nvestigation and Management Conference meeting this week.

"The U.S. Chamber of Commerce once estimated that one out of 10 claims to
insurance companies is fraudulent in part or in whole," Mr. Brown said.

"In Louisiana, I would not be surprised if it were closer to 20 ( percent) to 25
percent."

Mr. Brown said he plans to approach the Louisiana Legislature when it convenes
next month to ask for funding for such a unit and to request a measure that
would require insurers who knew of insurance fraud to report it to his agency.

"We will ask the Legislature for a grant of immunity from civil prosecution for
those who make the reports in good faith," Mr. Brown said. "These are the kinds
of things we need to do before a fraud unit can be really effective."

Mr. Brown said Louisiana's efforts to combat fraud are currently hampered
because the state doesn't tie into information from other states.

"There are about seven or eight states being aggressive right now against
insurance fraud," Mr. Brown said. "But we need to be part of a computer-
coordinated effort so states are talking to each other."

Moreover, "I am not sure that this is something that can be handled by the
public sector," he said. "I think it is going to call for quite a bit of
cooperation between public and private enterprise." Mr. Brown said he intends to
address the need for a coordinated national effort at the National Association
of Insurance Commissioners' Convention in Seattle at the end of this month.

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

EDITOR-NOTE: See related article on page 9A: INSURANCE FRAUD SPECIALISTS SEEN
WAVE OF

                  Copyright 1992 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.

                             445 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                            October 26, 2008 Sunday
                                  Mars Edition

Briefs

BYLINE: Staff and Wire Reports

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. C12

LENGTH: 511 words


CRIME & COURTS

Attorney charged with mail fraud

HAMMOND, Ind. - A federal grand jury has indicted a northwest Indiana lawyer on
fraud charges for allegedly taking money from one client's account and repaying
it with money from another client.

Schererville attorney William Crabtree II pleaded not guilty to two counts of
mail fraud and one count of wire fraud in U.S. District Court on Monday.

His lawyer said the charges stemmed from "a misunderstanding."

"This was a financial transaction that is easily explained, and I'm confident
when we lay out what happened, it will work itself out," said attorney Kevin
Milner, who is representing Crabtree.

According to the indictment, Crabtree deposited into his own account a check for
$275,000 he was supposed to apply to estate taxes on Janet Etchison's
inheritance from her father in 2005. When she complained, Crabtree paid her back
with another client's money, the indictment said.

The state Supreme Court Disciplinary Committee last week filed a motion to have
Crabtree's law license suspended while the case is pending.

Nurse pleads guilty to stealing meds

WEST LAFAYETTE, Ind. - State officials say a West Lafayette nurse has pleaded
guilty to stealing pain medication from nursing home patients.

The Indiana Attorney General's office says Holly Pine pleaded guilty last week
to forgery, theft and practicing nursing while on a suspended license.
Authorities say Pine stole OxyContin from two patients at the nursing home where
she worked at the time, then falsified records to cover up the theft. Pine lost
her job at the nursing home in January of 2007.

She's scheduled to be sentenced Nov. 14.

There was no telephone listing for Pine in West Lafayette.

EVENTS

Three Catholic schools may close

FORT WAYNE - A church committee has recommended closing three Fort Wayne-area
Catholic grade schools because of declining enrollment and funding.

A committee of the Fort Wayne-South Bend Catholic Diocese identified six schools
where enrollment has decreased 30 percent in the past 13 years.

The Rev. Stephen Kempinger says the group is recommending to Bishop John D'Arcy
that the six schools be merged into three.

Under the proposal, St. Louis Besancon in New Haven would merge with St. John
the Baptist in New Haven; St. Joseph in Monroeville would merge with St. Joseph
Hessen Cassel in Fort Wayne; and St. Aloysius in Yoder would merge with St.
Therese in Fort Wayne.

Kempinger says it hasn't been determined which buildings would close. He did not
know when D'Arcy would make his decision.

PUBLIC SAFETY

Alcohol poisoning killed student

CRAWFORDSVILLE, Ind. - The Montgomery County coroner's office says an autopsy
has determined an 18-year-old Wabash College freshman died of accidental alcohol
poisoning.

Johnny D. Smith of Tucson, Ariz., was found unconscious at the Delta Tau Delta
fraternity house Oct. 5. He was pronounced dead at the scene by paramedics.

The chapter has been suspended by the fraternity and by the college, a liberal
arts school of some 900 students about 40 miles northwest of Indianapolis.

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2008 South Bend Tribune Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved

                             446 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                      January 15, 1994 Saturday 2D EDITION

Western ex-execs indicted Fraud charged in thrift collapse

BYLINE: Steven Wilmsen, Denver Post Business Writer

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C-01

LENGTH: 518 words


Former Western Savings and Loan President Gary Driggs and another former
executive of the Phoenix-based thrift have been indicted on fraud, conspiracy
and other charges stemming from Western's 1989 collapse.

The S&L - whose $ 1.7 billion loss is second only to the $ 2 billion cost of
Charles Keating's failed Lincoln Savings - was a key player in Colorado's thrift
collapse of the 1980s. The government claims in a separate civil action that
Western illegally benefited from land swaps with Denver's M.D.C. Holdings and
that it made fraudulent loans to the ill-fated Banning Lewis Ranch near Colorado
Springs.

The indictment of Driggs, 59, of Paradise Valley, Ariz., was announced Thursday
by the U.S. attorney's office in Phoenix. Also indicted was Timothy Wright, 36,
of Phoenix, who was manager of Western's real estate and investment division.

Driggs, who ran the thrift with his brother, John, for 20 years, is charged with
25 counts of conspiracy, misapplication of funds, making false statements to a
regulatory agency, wire fraud and financial institution fraud.

Wright is charged with 10 counts of conspiracy, misapplication of funds, making
false statements to a regulatory agency and financial institution fraud.

Virginia Mathis, an assistant U.S. attorney, said there is a potential for
further indictments.

Among the allegedly fraudulent loans made by Western was its investment in the
Banning Lewis Ranch. The arid stretch of grassland, at the base of Pikes Peak,
resulted in a $ 218 million hit to taxpayers, the largest yet recorded in the
scandal's aftermath.

The Resolution Trust Corp., the agency created by Congress to dispose of the
assets of failed savings and loans, filed a $ 1.2 billion fraud and racketeering
lawsuit in June 1992 against Driggs, his brother, John, who was the thrift's
chairman, and nearly 50 other former officers and associates.

According to the suit, Western's investment in Banning Lewis relied on phony
appraisals, up-front paper profits to Western and developer Frank Aries. The
suit claims the deal finally collapsed because of a "massive scheme" to inflate
the land's value by "selling properties to related entities to give the
appearance that third-party purchasers were willing to pay a premium price for
land at the ranch."

Western also took part in "sham" real estate and financial transactions with two
subsidiaries of Denver's M.D.C. Holdings Inc., according to the suit.

RTC claimed Western engaged in a land-swap deal with M.D.C.'s Richmond homes and
two of its California subsidiaries, allowing the thrift to book a fictitious
profit of $ 8.7 million in 1988.

The suit is "still actively in litigation," an RTC spokeswoman said yesterday.
M.D.C. wasn't named as a defendant and it has repeatedly denied wrongdoing in
any S&L transactions.

Michael Hawkins, Driggs' lawyer, said the former Western chairman was "extremely
surprised" by the indictment.

"The indictment appears to be merely a rehash of the civil suit that has been on
file for almost two years," Hawkins said, adding that Driggs has cooperated in
the probe.

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 1994 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved

                             447 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Florida Times-Union (Jacksonville)

                          September 29, 2010 Wednesday

Morning Briefs

SECTION: Pg. D-1

LENGTH: 550 words


FORMER DEPUTY GUILTY IN LENDING FRAUD CASE

A former Jacksonville sheriff's deputy and another Jacksonville man were found
guilty by a federal jury of defrauding lenders during home purchases, the U.S.
Attorney's Office said.

Timothy Lee Miller, 36, a deputy when he was indicted in October 2009, was later
terminated from the Sheriff's Office.

Miller and co-defendant Christopher J. Reid, 39, were convicted of conspiring to
commit mail and wire fraud, five counts of mail fraud and four counts of wire
fraud. They face up to 20 years in prison and a $250,000 fine for each count of
fraud.

The pair joined others in telling lenders they would install pools or do
improvements at homes being purchased, but they didn't build the pools or do any
substantial home improvements, prosecutors said. Instead, the money from lenders
was kicked back to Miller, Reid and others.

David Bauerlein The Times-Union

HOME PRICES EXPECTED TO DROP INTO NEXT YEAR

The Standard & Poor's/Case-Shiller 20-city index, a national gauge of home
prices, ticked up 0.6 percent in July from June. But the gain is merely
temporary, analysts say. They see home values taking a dive in many major
markets well into next year.

That's because the peak home-buying season is now ending after a dismal summer.
The hardest-hit markets, already battered by foreclosures, are bracing for a
bigger wave of homes sold at foreclosure or through short sales. Add high
unemployment and reluctant buyers, and the outlook is bleak, analysts say.

Associated Press

IRS TO STOP MAILING INCOME TAX FORMS

The Internal Revenue Service plans to stop mailing instructions and paper forms
for income tax returns, saving about $10 million a year as more Americans are
filing online.

More than 96 million individuals filed returns this year via IRS e-File and an
estimated 20 million paper returns were filed, the agency said.

The IRS plans to mail information about the decision to taxpayers who filed
paper forms last year. Those who want to file paper returns can still obtain
forms at IRS.gov, local IRS offices or at libraries and post offices.

The Washington Post

FORECLOSURES STOPPED IN 2 STATES FOR ALLY

Attorneys general in Connecticut and California ordered Ally Financial's GMAC
mortgage unit to freeze all foreclosures within their borders, joining a growing
list of states investigating whether the firm and other lenders improperly
kicked people out of their homes.

The Connecticut attorney general accused Ally of using "defective foreclosure
documents" in its filings and said he ordered the moratorium "to forestall
horrendous, illegal harm against homeowners." California's attorney general
called Ally's document review process a "sham."

Iowa, North Carolina and Texas are also investigating Ally's lending practices,
as well as those at other large mortgage companies, officials said.

The Washington Post

LOW-PRICED HIGH-TECH TOYS TOP HOLIDAY LISTS

This year's hot holiday toys are high-tech - and low-price. From tiny
remote-control cars from Mattel to nearly paper-thin electronic guitars and
drums from WowWee Toys called Paper Jamz, technology is infused in many of this
year's projected hot toys. But that doesn't mean the return of $100 price tag,
seemingly in decline since the recession. Many techie toys are wallet-friendly
at under $30.

Associated Press

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 The Florida Times-Union

                             448 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         Indianapolis Business Journal

                                 August 8, 2005

Industry making push for creation of state fraud unit;
Indiana one of only 10 states without insurance fraud agency, but funding issues
could be major obstacle

BYLINE: SCOTT OLSON SOLSON@IBJ.COM

SECTION: Focus; Vol. 26; No. 22; Pg. 22

LENGTH: 874 words


Members of the insurance industry have begun a campaign to bolster the state's
fight against fraud by targeting the creation of a bureau to help combat the
crime.

Indiana is one of only 10 states without an agency addressing insurance fraud,
according to the Washington, D.C.-based Coalition Against Insurance Fraud.

But the goal of the task force convened by Jim Atterholt, commissioner of the
Indiana Department of Insurance, is to have a fraud bureau operating within his
department sometime next year. Supporters plan to draft a bill that a sponsor
can introduce during the next legislative session.

The push to launch a bureau is the second step to strengthening the state's
anti-fraud measures. Lawmakers earlier this year passed House Enrolled Act 1403,
which increases the penalty for insurance fraud from a misdemeanor to a Class D
felony.

Moreover, Atterholt said the focus on fraud complements his plan to make Indiana
more attractive to insurance companies looking to expand here.

Our main objective is to create economic development opportunities in the
insurance industry, he said. This is not the end-all be-all, but it's certainly
an important piece of the puzzle.

Atterholt said the fraud bureau's mission would be twofold: to assist county
prosecutors in pursuing cases, and to serve as a data center for fraud activity
in the state.

One of the hurdles, however, could be funding. Atterholt projected the bureau,
with a staff of five, would operate on an annual budget of roughly $ 500,000.
Because no state funds are available, the insurance industry most likely would
foot the bill.

Carriers might pay a flat fee or an assessment on each premium. While insurers
largely favor creating a fraud unit, they recognize funding could be an
obstacle, said Tami Stanton, state affairs manager for the locally based
National Association of Mutual Insurance Carriers trade group.

We would not want more fees in Indiana, but we're trying to find a creative way
to get this going without putting a tremendous burden on the insurance industry,
said Stanton, a member of the task force. We already pay enough.

Indiana insurers contribute $ 177 million in premium taxes, the majority of
which flow into the state's General Fund, she argued.

The minimal amount companies might contribute would be worth the investment,
Atterholt countered, given that insurance fraud costs companies and consumers
plenty.

The Insurance Information Institute in New York City estimates the total cost of
fraud nationwide to be $ 85 billion to $ 120 billion annually. The largest
amount, roughly $ 29 billion, occurs within the property and casualty areas,
according to the III.

Statistics are not available for individual states, but industry experts know
the amount of insurance fraud in Indiana pales in comparison to such hotbeds as
New York and New Jersey. They say most fraud occurring in Indiana is the soft
type, in which a policyholder or claimant exaggerates a legitimate claim.

A common example cited by the III might include a motorist involved in a
fender-bender who pads the claim to cover the policy deductible. Another common
tactic is exaggerating the amount and value of items stolen from a home or
business.

Hard fraud is a deliberate attempt to stage or invent an accident, injury, theft
or arson in which the loss would be covered under an insurance policy.

Locally based Farm Bureau Insurance of Indiana knows fraud exists, said company
spokeswoman Liz Reynolds. Executives there hope the bureau will help them better
understand what they are dealing with and how best to address it, she said.

Most insurance companies have fraud units that investigate suspect claims.
Andris Berzins heads the special investigation unit at the local office of
Minnesota-based Federated Mutual Insurance Co. and is Indiana chapter president
of the International Association of Special Investigation Units in Baltimore.

The legislation that increased the penalty for insurance fraud in Indiana,
combined with the possibility of creating a fraud bureau, might lead to more
prosecutions, Berzins said. County prosecutors in Indiana historically have been
hesitant to take fraud cases, due to weak penalties and a lack of resources.

The state has not focused on the insurance-fraud problem, Berzins said. We need
the help of the state and the prosecutors to help fight the problem.

While states such as Indiana are trying to crack down on insurance fraud,
convincing the general public the actions are indeed a crime may be more
difficult. According to a 2003 survey by consulting firm Accenture Ltd., nearly
one in four Americans thinks it is OK to defraud insurers by overstating claims.

Atterholt, meanwhile, is confident his department will boast a fraud bureau
soon.

I think if the industry unites, and we find the appropriate funding mechanism,
he said, I believe legislators will respond very, very favorably to this idea.

In 1945, North Carolina became the first state to create a fraud unit, said
Howard Goldblatt, director of government affairs for the CAIF. Most states that
have bureaus established them within the past 15 years, he said, as it became
more apparent they needed a tool to investigate the crime.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 2005 IBJ Corporation

                             449 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


           The Evening News and The Tribune (Jeffersonville, Indiana)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              May 23, 2011 Monday

Credit card fraud case moves to federal court

BYLINE: Matt Thacker, The Evening News and the Tribune, Jeffersonville, Ind.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 629 words


May 23--NEW ALBANY -- Two Florida men arrested during a traffic stop in Clark
County last month have been charged in federal court with fraud.

Joubert L. Sevil, 19, and Marvin Eugene, 20, both of Fort Lauderdale, Fla., are
under investigation for access device fraud, bank fraud and mail fraud,
according to federal court records.

The Indiana State Police received a call April 18 regarding a vehicle traveling
southbound on Interstate 65 and disrupting traffic. Troopers observed a black
2010 Dodge Charger traveling in the passing lane at 30 mph in a 70-mph zone with
the emergency flashers activated, according to a report.

The trooper believed the men were not answering questions honestly and called
for a K9 unit, which detected the presence of narcotics, although no drugs were
found. The vehicle was searched and police found 21 cards that had been
re-encoded with stolen credit card account numbers, according to an affidavit by
a U.S. Secret Service special agent.

Sevil, who was driving, and Eugene, the passenger in the vehicle, also allegedly
had 97 gift cards which were purchased using re-encoded stolen credit card
account numbers. Inside the vehicle, troopers also found a laptop computer, two
iPhones, a smart phone and a cell phone.

According to the affidavit, the two men gave conflicting accounts to troopers
about how they obtained the cards. They were arrested and later declined to
speak to Secret Service agents.

Purchase receipts were stapled to the packaging for each gift card. A shipping
receipt found in the vehicle also led to the discovery that Sevil sent two FedEx
packages from Richfield, Minn., to Fort Lauderdale on April 17. The packages
reportedly contained 350 additional unused gift cards and a magnetic stripe
capable of storing electronic data.

On April 14, Eugene reportedly wired $500 from Bloomington, Minn., to Vietnam
using Western Union.

Assistant U.S. Attorney Todd Shellenbarger said the investigation into the case
is continuing. He said it is too early to know if there are others who might
have been involved.

"Obviously, it's a significant case as the details spell out in the complaint,"
he said.

The Clark County Prosecutor's Office had initially filed class C felony forgery
charges against the men, but that case was dismissed last week because of the
federal charges. Shellenbarger said they decided to proceed in U.S. District
Court because of the involvement of the Secret Service.

"These are very serious charges, and we will be reviewing discovery materials in
the near future," said William Gray, Sevil's attorney.

Normally, the U.S. Attorney's Office has 30 days to seek an indictment, but
attorneys for the defendants waived that deadline. Jennifer Culotta, Eugene's
attorney, said the parties will begin to negotiate in the federal case between
the time prosecutors file a complaint and seek an indictment.

If no agreement is reached, the U.S. Attorney's Office will likely seek a grand
jury indictment in order to proceed to trial.

"The period between the criminal complaint and an indictment is a critical time
for both the prosecution and defense," Culotta said. "It's a voluminous amount
of allegations, and we just got the complaint. I'll obviously be going over
these very serious allegations with my client."

The two men face a maximum penalty of 10 years in prison and three years of
supervised release and a fine of up to $250,000.

To see more of The Evening News and The Tribune, or to subscribe to the
newspapers, go to http://www.news-tribune.net. Copyright (c) 2011, The Evening
News and the Tribune, Jeffersonville, Ind. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune
Information Services. For more information about the content services offered by
McClatchy-Tribune Information Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: May 24, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110523-JB-Credit-card-fraud-case-moves-to-federal-court-0523-20110523

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JB


                Copyright 2011 The Evening News and The Tribune

                             450 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald Tribune (Florida)

                             May 26, 2012 Saturday

Former local dentist arrested // Charged in $20M Medicaid fraud

BYLINE: Lee Hammel

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 934 words


A former Shrewsbury dentist was arrested Thursday on federal charges alleging a
$20 million Medicaid fraud scheme.

The arrest of Gary F. Anusavice, 59, of North Kingstown, R.I., was announced by
Connecticut U.S. Attorney David B. Fein, and officials of the U.S. Department of
Health and Human Services, the IRS, and the New Haven division of the FBI. Also
arrested was Mehran Zamani, 47, a dentist from Pound Ridge, N.Y.

"These operators of dental practices throughout Connecticut defrauded the
Medicaid program of more than $20 million over a two-year period," Mr. Fein
said.

"Although Gary F. Anusavice was barred from Medicare, Medicaid and other
government health programs back in 1998, he allegedly continued to defraud
taxpayers by using an elaborate shield of companies and individuals - including
Dr. Zamani - to hide his involvement," said Susan J. Waddell, special agent in
charge of the Office of Inspector General for New England in the U.S. Department
of Health and Human Services.

Mr. Anusavice is also known as "Gary Andrews," "Gary Andrus" and "Gary Francis,"
according to the U.S. attorney. He was arrested at his home and charged with
conspiring to commit health care fraud, committing health care fraud and making
false statements involving federal health care programs.

In addition to criminal charges, the government also has filed a civil
forfeiture complaint against Mr. Anusavice's 8,145-square-foot residence on 9.66
acres in North Kingstown.

In the 1990s, Mr. Anusavice owned Massdent Business Management Inc., doing
business as DDS Dental Center, at 44 Front St. in Worcester. The Massachusetts
attorney general's office charged him in 1996 with more than 200 instances of
fraudulent billing of more than $300,000 in connection with that and other
practices he owned at that time.

In a plea deal, Mr. Anusavice and another dentist, Michael Weissman of
Wellesley, pleaded guilty in 1997 in Worcester Superior Court to filing false
health care claims to defraud Central Massachusetts Health Care, a defunct
health maintenance organization. They were placed on probation and ordered to
pay $170,000 restitution.

Initially the office of Attorney General Scott Harshbarger recommended
continuing the charges without a finding. Judge James P. Donohue rejected that
disposition and began picking a jury.

Two days later, the two dentists agreed to plead guilty to some of the charges
against them. Judge Donohue still questioned the attorney general's office as to
why it was not recommending jail time on the charges, which carried a potential
of 5 years in prison. But he went along with the agreement for probation and
restitution.

The guilty pleas involved defrauding CMHC from Nov. 7, 1993, to Dec. 4, 1994, by
billing the organization for more expensive procedures than were actually
performed and by falsifying dates of service.

The Worcester Superior Court charges against Mr. Anusavice, his associates and
their business were brought after the Telegram & Gazette published stories about
the practices that led the clinics to generate more than 100 consumer
complaints, the most of any dental practice in the state.

As a condition of their five-year probationary terms, Mr. Anusavice and Mr.
Weissman were ordered to complete 300 hours of community service each and to
refrain from practicing dentistry in any form anywhere in the country while on
probation. Mr. Anusavice also had been licensed to practice dentistry in Rhode
Island.

In 1999, after pleading guilty to filing a false income tax return, Mr.
Anusavice was sentenced in U.S. District Court in Boston to four months in
prison and four months in a halfway house.

In connection with the subsequent operation of dental clinics in Fall River and
Weymouth, Attorney General Martha Coakley's office got a judgment in a Suffolk
Superior Court civil suit in November 2010. That required Mr. Anusavice to pay
the state $237,500 in victim restitution, civil penalties and attorney's fees
and costs because of shoddy or incomplete dental work and high pressure sales
tactics, according to the attorney general.

Including a separate agreement with companies that extended credit for the
dental work, the attorney general helped recover more than $700,000 for
consumers who dealt with Mr. Anusavice, according to Brad Puffer, the attorney
general's communications director.

The Suffolk judgment permanently prohibits Mr. Anusavice, acting directly or
indirectly, from operating any entity that provides or markets dental services
in the state, according to Ms. Coakley's office.

Based on his conviction in Worcester Superior Court, Mr. Anusavice was notified
in April 1998 that he was being excluded from participation in Medicare and
state health care programs, including Medicaid. He was told that he may not
"cause claims to be submitted" for payment from the federal Medicaid program and
that Medicaid reimbursement payments are prohibited to any entity in which he
serves as an "employee, administrator, operator, or in any other capacity,"
according to the U.S. Attorney.

It alleges that Mr. Anusavice established several dental practices in
Connecticut operated by Dr. Zamani and other dentists and that they received
millions of dollars in Medicaid reimbursements. "Despite his permanent exclusion
(from the Medicaid program), Anusavice was involved in reviewing patient charts,
suggesting dental procedures to be performed, reviewing billing records,
reviewing income reports, interviewing and hiring dentists, and providing
overall management direction to the offices," prosecutors allege.

ART: PHOTO

PHOTOG: WPRI.com

CUTLINE: Mr. Anusavice

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: A former Shrewsbury dentist was arrested Thursday on federal charges
alleging a $20 million Medicaid fraud scheme. The arrest of Gary F. Anusavice,
59, of North Kingstown, R.I., was announced by Connecticut U.S. Attorney David
B. Fein, and officials of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, the
IRS, and the New Haven division of the FBI. Also arrested was Mehran Zamani, 47,
a dentist from Pound Ridge, N.Y.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             451 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     May 31, 2000, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

Note fraud explosion targeted Promissory scams prey on the elderly; at least
$300M lost

BYLINE: Noelle Knox

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 478 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


NEW YORK -- Regulators will unveil a nationwide crackdown Thursday
on con artists and unwitting insurance agents who sell fraudulent
promissory notes to elderly people, often bilking them of their
life savings.

The fraud has spread with startling speed and little warning.
It has cost thousands of Americans at least $ 300 million, regulators
say.


News conferences across the country will warn that the notes are
the top securities fraud in such states as California and Connecticut.

Two years ago, promissory note fraud "wasn't even on the list
of Top 10 scams.  . . . This year, it's No. 1," said Bill
McDonald of the California Department of Corporations.

Thirty-eight states formed a task force last year to fight the
explosion in promissory note fraud. Among the worst hit: Florida,
Connecticut, Pennsylvania, North Carolina and South Carolina.
Regulators have handed out scores of cease-and-desist orders and
expect civil and criminal charges to be filed.

Promissory notes are a type of short-term debt that companies
use to borrow cash, almost like an IOU.

Con artists exploit a loophole in securities laws that exempt
some nine-month promissory notes from regulatory scrutiny. The
con artists form marketing companies that offer to help struggling
companies raise money by issuing promissory notes. The marketing
firms, which get a cut of the money raised, recruit independent
insurance agents to sell the notes.

What lures investors to the notes:

* They typically pay 9% to 12% annual interest -- enticing,
but not high enough to raise red flags.

* They are billed as "risk-free" and bonded by foreign
insurance companies, which often are fake.

* Local insurance agents who have previous relationships
with the investors usually sell the notes.

Yvette Barber, 75, of Santa Clarita, Calif., and husband Raymond,
74, had been living off the interest from two promissory notes
before they lost the $ 65,000 they had in savings. "My husband
has a small pension and our Social Security, and that's it,"
she said.

Securities regulators have asked insurance commissioners to educate
agents about the fraud. But, "We are still trying to put our
hands around it and define our next step," said Robert Ober,
head of anti-fraud at the National Association of Insurance Commissioners.


Fallout

Thirty-eight states have banded together to fight an epidemic
of promissory note fraud:

-- California has issued 430 cease-and-desist orders in
the past 11 months to combat promissory note fraud.

-- Scams in Florida have defrauded 1,000 victims nationwide
mostly senior citizens, out of $ 100 million.

-- Pennsylvania has 1,000 victims.

-- More than 100 Connecticut residents have lost $ 10 million.
It is the state's No. 1 securities fraud.

Source: State securities agencies

LOAD-DATE: May 31, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2000 Gannett Company, Inc.

                             452 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Topeka Capital-Journal (Kansas)

                           September 8, 2011 Thursday

Topekans indicted in alleged $400-K fraud

BYLINE: Tim Carpenter.

THE CAPITAL-JOURNAL

LENGTH: 406 words


Federal prosecutors in Kansas obtained indictments Wednesday against five Topeka
residents accused of conspiring to defraud banks and businesses of more than
$400,000.

U.S. Attorney for Kansas Barry Grissom said the 31-count indictment alleged the
defendants claimed to own and operate businesses in Topeka and Osage City when
they established accounts at eight banks in Topeka.

He said conspirators, all of whom except one were natives of Pakistan, deposited
insufficient funds checks and immediately withdrew or transferred money before
banking institutions discovered the fraud.

In addition, members of the group allegedly made electronic payments from
accounts with insufficient funds and by using false account numbers.

The U.S. Secret Service collaborated with federal prosecutors to investigate the
case.

Defendants named in the indictments are:

- Maqsood Baloch, 31, Topeka, who is charged with one count of conspiracy, five
counts of bank fraud, five counts of wire fraud and 12 counts of Social Security
fraud.

- Amanda Rene Baloch, 26, Topeka, Maqsood Baloch's wife, who is charged with one
count of conspiracy, six counts of bank fraud, two counts of wire fraud and two
counts of Social Security fraud. She is the only member of the group not native
to Pakistan.

- Irfan Khan, 30, Topeka, is charged with one count of conspiracy, three counts
of bank fraud, four counts of wire fraud and one count of Social Security fraud.

- Junaid Iqbal, 30, Topeka, who is charged with one count of conspiracy, two
counts of bank fraud, two counts of wire fraud and four counts of Social
Security fraud.

- Kanwal Baluch, 22, Topeka, Maqsood Baloch's sister, who is charged with one
count of conspiracy, two counts of bank fraud and one count of wire fraud.

Federal prosecutors say group members represented themselves as officers or
managers of Alam Traders, American Gas, Farzana Express, Khan Express, KS
Midwest, Saif Express, Ztech, Smoke 4 Less, Smoker's Paradise, Tobacco Outlet,
Topeka Salon, American Eagles and 786 Express.

They established accounts at Bank of America, Central National Bank, Citi Bank,
Core First, Educational Credit Union, MBNA, UMB and US Bank.

If convicted, the defendants face a maximum of 30 years in prison and $1 million
in fines for conspiracy and bank fraud. The most severe sanction for wire fraud
is 20 years and a $250,000 fine, while Social Security fraud carries a maximum
penalty of five years and $250,000 fine.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 The Topeka Capital-Journal
                              All Rights Reserved

                             453 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

             September 21, 1994, Wednesday, DAILY: TORONTO EDITION

McNall's accountant charged

SECTION: SECTION 3, SPORTS; Pg. 44, Sports Shorts

LENGTH: 64 words


An accountant who worked for Los Angeles Kings owner Bruce McNall was charged
yesterday with preparing bogus tax returns and financial statements as part of
an alleged $138 million bank fraud scheme.

Robert J. Houston was charged with single counts of conspiracy, bank fraud and
wire fraud, Assistant U.S. Attorney Peter Spivack said. Houston will be
arraigned on Monday.


LOAD-DATE: November 4, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: APPOINTMENT NOTICE

                       Copyright 1994 Financial Post Ltd.

                             454 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Los Angeles Times

                            October 23, 2016 Sunday
                                  Home Edition

Indiana State Police chief alleges voter fraud;
He refuses to share details on inquiry that has spread to more than half the
state.

BYLINE: Jaweed Kaleem

SECTION: MAIN NEWS; National Desk; Part A; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 843 words


Indiana's top cop says that investigators have uncovered several instances of
voter fraud in the state, an allegation that adds fuel to a fiery debate over
whether elections are "rigged" and subject to abuse.

Indiana State Police Supt. Douglas Carter said in a local TV interview that Gov.
Mike Pence "absolutely did not misspeak" last week when he warned supporters of
potential voter fraud during a campaign stop in Nevada. Carter said he believed
there was voter fraud in "every state," including Indiana.

Carter refused to provide details about how many instances of voter fraud police
have found, or the exact nature of the fraud -- whether investigators found, for
example, cases of people registering to vote multiple times or whether those
ineligible to vote tried to register.

A state police spokesman, Capt. David Bursten, also declined to share details,
saying that "the superintendent's interview speaks for itself."

The comments Friday came amid an ongoing state investigation into potential
voter fraud in 56 of Indiana's 92 counties, which isn't likely to be resolved
before election day, Nov. 8.

Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump has repeatedly charged that the
election is "rigged" against him.

Pence, his running mate, said voter fraud can be found in "pockets and places
around the country."

Experts have found voter fraud to be extremely rare, with one study from a
Loyola Law School professor finding just 31 credible claims of fraud amid more
than 1 billion ballots cast since 2000. The head elections officers in most
presidential battleground states are Republicans.

The Indiana investigation, prompted by a tip to police and launched on Oct. 4 in
Hendricks County and Marion County, focuses on voter registration forms
submitted by a group called the Indiana Voter Registration Project. The group
had submitted registration forms with "missing, incomplete and incorrect
information," according to a police statement.

A Hendricks County clerk who said she received 10 questionable registration
forms from the group also told police that signatures on some forms did not
match images in a county database.

Police served a search warrant on the organization's downtown Indianapolis
office when the investigation launched and expanded the inquiry within days.

Police concerns over potential fraud heightened last week when Indiana Secretary
of State Connie Lawson said in a statement that elections officials had
separately contacted police after finding "thousands of dates of births and
first names were changed" in an online voter database in "a case of voter fraud
."

That statement landed on Tuesday. On Thursday, Lawson changed her tone, saying
the flagged changes could be legitimate ones from individual voters.

"That should give Indiana voters the comfort that we are vigilant and we are
protecting their rights and the elections here are not rigged," she told the
Associated Press.

Officials for Indiana Voter Registration Project, which is connected to
Washington-based nonprofit Patriot Majority USA, have denied the fraud
accusations and said Pence and other Republicans are targeting the group to
suppress votes.

Lawson is a Republican, and public records show that Carter, a Pence appointee,
has donated generously to Republicans. When running for Hamilton County
commissioner in 2011 and 2012 -- the same year he was appointed to his current
position -- his campaign donated a total of $2,250 to Pence's campaign.

Bursten, the state police spokesman, said Friday that the accusations that
police were colluding with Pence were "outrageous" and "completely false."

"There's a thorough investigation underway, and when it is complete the results
will be handed over to local prosecutors ... who will proceed with the process,"
Bursten said.

Patriot Majority USA has Democratic ties but said its voter registration efforts
are nonpartisan. Group officials said its canvassers targeted African Americans
across the state earlier in the year and collected 45,000 registration forms.

Representatives acknowledged the organization had submitted some incomplete
registrations, but said it had pointed those out to county clerks and was not
attempting fraud.

"The Indiana statewide voter file that is being used to attack the voter
registration program is filled with hundreds of thousands of mistakes. These
wild accusations of fraud are based on one of the most flawed voter file systems
in the country, which is maintained by a partisan Secretary of State," Bill
Buck, spokesman Patriot Majority USA, said in an email.

Though rare, voting fraud has been a tense point of debate between Democrats and
Republicans even before the current election. In Indiana and several additional
states, Republicans have pushed voter identification laws and increased other
restrictions on voting, often saying new laws were needed to prevent fraud.

Democrats have countered that voter ID rules and related laws suppress the votes
of minority groups such as African Americans and lower-income voters, who tend
to vote Democratic.

--

jaweed.kaleem@latimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: INDIANA GOV. Mike Pence, Donald Trump's running mate, appointed
the police official alleging fraud.  PHOTOGRAPHER:Elise Amendola Associated
Press

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Los Angeles Times
                              All Rights Reserved

                             455 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                             May 21, 2016 Saturday

Nineteen Defendants Charged with Marriage and Visa Immigration Fraud

LENGTH: 907  words


Jackson, Miss  United States Attorney Gregory K. Davis and Special Agent in
Charge Raymond R. Parmer Jr., of Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE)
Homeland Security Investigations - New Orleans Field Office, announced today the
unsealing of two federal indictments charging multiple defendants with U-Visa
fraud and marriage fraud.

In the 16 count U-Visa Fraud indictment, it is alleged that Law Enforcement
Certification forms purporting to certify that aliens were victims of certain
crimes, were submitted to the U.S. Customs and Immigration Service (USCIS) along
with the U-Visa applications. To be eligible for a U-Visa, the alien must have
(1) been a victim of a certain crime; (2) suffered mental or physical abuse as a
result of the crime; and (3) helped law enforcement officials in the
investigation and/or prosecution of the crime. The Law Enforcement Certification
forms contain the description of the crimes. In this case, the forms
fraudulently listed individuals as victims of certain crimes in an effort to
obtain U-Visas.

The Indictment alleges that Simpson Lloyd Goodman, a licensed attorney,
submitted fraudulent documents to USCIS for the purpose of obtaining U-Visas for
other co-defendants. The false documents submitted to USCIS included falsified
police reports allegedly prepared by Officer Ivory Lee Harris of the Jackson
Police Department. Other defendants engaged in and caused various acts which
enabled defendants to attempt to obtain U-Visas from USCIS.

The following defendants have been charged in the U-Visa fraud indictment for
their roles in a conspiracy to commit fraud and misuse of Visa permits:

Sachin Girishkumar Patel, 33, of Clinton, Mississippi;

Tarunkumar Purushottambhai Patel, 49, of Kingdom City, Missouri;

Simpson Lloyd Goodman, 29, of Waynesboro, Georgia;

Ivory Lee Harris, 45, of Jackson, Mississippi;

Sanjay Rathilal Patel, 35, of Lakewood, New Jersey;

Maheshkumar Mangaldas Patel, 50, of Houston, Texas;

Ashaben Mukeshbhai Patel, 38, of Covington, Louisiana;

Rajan Nareshkumar Patel, 31, currently incarcerated in Adams County,
Mississippi;

Gopaldas Khodabhai Patel, 55, of Byram, Mississippi;

Sachin Khodidas Patel, 27, of Byram, Mississippi; and

Baldevbhai Ramabhai Patel, 34, of Baton Rouge, Louisiana.

In the 16 count marriage fraud indictment, it is alleged that the aliens would
enter into marriages between persons who were already citizens of the United
States solely for the purpose

of obtaining immigration status to which the aliens would not otherwise be
entitled. These marriages were not entered into because of mutual love and
affection between the parties, but solely to create a legal status that would
provide a basis for immigration status for the alien partner and usually for
some economic benefit to the United States citizen.

The following defendants have been charged in the marriage fraud indictment for
their roles in a conspiracy to commit marriage fraud:

Sachin Girishkumar Patel, 33, of Clinton, Mississippi;

Tarunkumar Purushottambhai Patel, 49, of Kingdom City, Missouri;

Simpson Lloyd Goodman, 29, of Waynesboro, Georgia;

Chirag Nilesh Patel, 27, of St. Louis, Missouri;

Dana Cheetara Adams, 29, of Plano, Texas;

Brandy Nicole Edwards, 34, of Crystal Springs, Mississippi

Terilynn Rankin, 48, of Mendenhall, Mississippi

Sejal Sanjay Kakadia, 52, of Covington, Louisiana

Jayantibhai Kalidas Chaudhari, 47, of Covington, Louisiana

Virendra Rambachan Rajput, 45, of Lawrence, Massachusetts; and

Javona Shanice Rajput, 27, of Jackson, Mississippi

"The defendants allegedly circumvented the laws and submitted fraudulent
documents that are critical to obtaining immigration status," said U.S. Attorney
Gregory K. Davis. "These arrests were made as a result of the great work of our
law enforcement partners who stopped 19 people who sought to undermine the
integrity of our nations immigration system."

"Immigration fraud poses a significant threat to national security by allowing
individuals to enter or remain in the United States under false pretenses with
unknown intentions," said Raymond R. Parmer Jr., Special Agent in Charge of HSI
New Orleans. "The alleged involvement of attorneys and law enforcement officers
in this particular scheme is particularly troubling, and shows that HSI will
investigate and hold accountable those who violate our nations laws regardless
of their position in society." Parmer oversees a five-state area of operations
to include Mississippi, Alabama, Arkansas, Louisiana and Tennessee.

The maximum penalties for the crimes charged in the indictments are: conspiracy
to commit fraud and misuse of visa permits - 5 years in prison and $250,000 fine
per count; fraud and misuse of Visa permits - 10 years in prison and a $250,000
fine per count; mail fraud - 20 years in prison and a $250,000 fine per count;
and wire fraud  20 years in prison and a $250,000 fine.

Arraignments on these indictments are scheduled for today, May 19, 2016, at 1:30
p.m. before U.S. Magistrate Judge Linda R. Anderson in Jackson.

This case was investigated by Homeland Security Investigations, the Mississippi
Attorney Generals Office, and the Federal Bureau of Investigation. The case is
being prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorney Jerry Rushing.

The public is reminded that an indictment is a formal charge that a defendant
has committed a violation of the federal criminal laws. All defendants are
presumed innocent unless and until proven guilty. 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             456 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                             May 12, 2016 Thursday

Summerville Man Sentenced to Prison in $45 Million Mortgage Fraud Scheme

LENGTH: 702  words


Columbia, South Carolina---- United States Attorney Bill Nettles stated today
that Scott M. Wickersham, age 36, of Summerville, has been sentenced in federal
court in Charleston, South Carolina for Conspiracy to Commit Mail Fraud, Wire
Fraud, and Bank Fraud, a violation of 18 U.S.C.  1349, and two counts of
Willfully Making and Subscribing a False Tax Return, in violation of Title 26,
United States Code, Section 7206(1).  U.S. District Judge Richard M. Gergel
sentenced Wickersham to 36 months in federal prison for the conspiracy count and
30 months on each of the two tax fraud counts, to run concurrently.  Judge
Gergel also ordered Wickersham to serve five years of supervised release on the
conspiracy count and one year of supervised release on each of the two tax fraud
counts after he is released from prison, to run concurrently. Wickersham was
also ordered to pay restitution in the amount of $23,997,151 on the conspiracy
count, and he was further ordered to pay the Internal Revenue Service a total of
$256,862 in restitution for the two tax counts.

Evidence presented in court documents and hearings established that Wickersham
participated in a mortgage fraud conspiracy that utilized real estate and
mortgage businesses operated in Summerville, South Carolina, under the names
North American Mortgage Group, LLC; Realty Executives of Coastal Carolina; and
New Freedom Enterprises, LLC.  The scheme involved more than 70 properties,
approximately $45 million of mortgage loans, and a loss of more than $23 million
suffered by financial institutions. The properties were located in Charleston,
Johns Island, Ladson, Mount Pleasant, Summerville, Edisto Island, St. Helena
Island, Garden City, Murrells Inlet, Myrtle Beach, North Myrtle Beach, Lake
Keowee, and Tybee Island, Georgia.

Wickersham was a loan officer for North American Mortgage Group, LLC; a real
estate agent and part-owner/franchisee of Realty Executives of Coastal Carolina;
and a partner in New Freedom Enterprises, LLC.  Wickersham and others used straw
purchasers and made other false representations on mortgage loan applications to
induce financial institutions to provide mortgage loans for the properties in
the scheme. The properties later went into foreclosure and sold at a significant
loss to the lenders.

In addition to his participation in the mortgage fraud scheme, Wickersham also
willfully made and filed false U.S. Individual Income Tax Returns, Forms 1040,
for calendar years 2006 and 2007. Both of those returns, which he filed late on
January 27, 2009, were materially false because he willfully failed to report
income he received from the mortgage fraud scheme. Specifically, on line 22 of
the 2006 tax return, he claimed $103,205 of total income when he knew he had at
least $965,402 of total income. On line 22 of the 2007 tax return, he claimed
$13,383 of total income when he knew he had at least $256,119 of total income.
This under reporting resulted in a tax loss of $206,100 for 2006 and $50,762 for
2007, for a total tax loss of $256,862. Each return was verified by a written
declaration that it was made under the penalties of perjury.

Two other defendants have been convicted in connection with the mortgage fraud
scheme. Steven F. Weiss, 67, of Virginia Beach, Virginia, pleaded guilty to one
count of Conspiracy to Commit Mail Fraud, Wire Fraud, and Bank Fraud, in
violation of Title 18, United States Code, Section 371. Weiss, a former loan
officer of North American Mortgage Group, LLC, was sentenced in April to 30
months in federal prison. Judge Gergel also ordered Weiss to serve three years
of supervised release after he is released from prison and to pay restitution in
the amount of $4,961,732.  Kelly Martin, 34, of Moncks Corner, pleaded guilty in
2015 to one count of Conspiracy to Commit Mail Fraud, Wire Fraud, and Bank Fraud
, in violation of Title 18, United States Code, Section 371. She is awaiting
sentencing.

The case was investigated by agents of the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI)
and the Internal Revenue Service-Criminal Investigation (IRS-CI).  Assistant
United States Attorney Dean H. Secor of the Charleston office prosecuted the
case.

##### 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             457 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Day (New London, Connecticut)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            December 16, 2011 Friday

BRIEF: Paralegal is 16th to plead guilty in mortgage fraud scheme

BYLINE: Lee Howard, The Day, New London, Conn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 201 words


Dec. 16--An East Haven paralegal has admitted her role in a New London County
mortgage fraud headed by Jose Guzman of Waterford.

Louise Lampo-Diglio, 43, pleaded guilty Wednesday in Hartford's U.S. District
Court to one count of conspiracy to commit mail fraud and wire fraud.

According to a summary of the case provided by the U.S. Attorney's Office,
Lampo-Diglio prepared and sent false closing documents and bogus settlement
statements to lenders from 2004 to 2007.

"Among the false statements made to the lenders were documents that falsely
indicated that the buyers of certain properties were planning to make the
properties their primary residences," the summary said.

Lampo-Diglio faces up to 20 years in prison when she is sentenced by Judge
Alfred Covello March 22 of next year. She is the 16th person to plead guilty in
the scheme, which involved the purchase of homes by straw buyers -- purchasers
in name only -- who often failed to make a single mortgage payment while members
of the conspiracy pocketed money from homes whose values were inflated.

l.howard@theday.com

___ (c)2011 The Day (New London, Conn.) Visit The Day (New London, Conn.) at
www.theday.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20111216-NL-BRF-Paralegal-is-16th-to-plead-guilty-in-mortgage-fraud
-scheme-1216-20111216

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NL


                             Copyright 2011 The Day

                             458 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    April 03, 1997, Thursday, Final Edition

Giving a Hand to Cash a Check; Critics Find First Union Thumb-Print Policy
Opposable

Michelle Singletary, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 941 words


If you want to cash a check at a First Union Corp. branch in the region but
don't have an account there, the bank has a new response: Thumbs down.

That's not as in "No way," it's as in into-the-ink-and-onto-the-paper.

On Monday, the Charlotte-based company will begin requiring thumb prints of
every noncustomer seeking to cash a check at any of its 215 banks in Virginia,
Maryland and the District, as well as its branches in Delaware, Pennsylvania,
New York, New Jersey and Connecticut.

The bank said it is launching the program to deter check fraud and provide more
evidence of such fraud to law enforcement authorities.

Law enforcement officials are applauding the move, which they say will help them
detect and prevent check fraud. But privacy advocates are outraged at the
practice. While acknowledging that check fraud is a problem for banks and their
customers, they call thumb-printing insulting as well an affront to a consumer's
right to privacy.

"It is degrading to people to have to give up a thumb print on condition of
cashing a check," said Evan Hendricks, editor of Privacy Times. "I think that is
a clear case of overkill."

Yet law enforcement officials say it makes sense.

"Something like thumb-printing simply makes it harder for people to conduct
illegal business," said David Carpenter, special agent in charge of the
Washington field office of the U.S. Secret Service.

First Union officials said the process is quick and easy. A customer will press
a thumb down on a pad of clear, nontoxic ink and apply the thumb print to the
face of the check. Unlike the heavy black ink typically used by law enforcement
officials in fingerprinting, this ink will leave no stain and the tiny amount of
residue that may be left can be removed by rubbing the thumb and forefinger
together, the bank said.

Checks with thumb prints are returned to the issuer, except in cases where the
check is believed to be fraudulent. In those cases the checks will be turned
over to law enforcement officers to help with their investigation, said David
Scanzoni, a spokesman for First Union, who added that the bank will not keep a
database of thumb prints.

"If you're a check-fraud artist, you don't want to leave your thumb print behind
on what could become evidence in a police investigation," said First Union's
Percy Blackburn, senior vice president for branch administration in the
Washington region. "Conventional identification -- such as a driver's license --
is easily faked by professional check-cashing criminals, making such
identification insufficient for detecting and deterring fraud."

Scanzoni said that while the number of non-customers cashing checks at its
branches is only about 3 percent of total teller transactions, or 10 to 15 a day
in a typical branch, a large share of the check fraud stems from these
consumers, because it is hard for bank officials to verify their identities.

First Union said it loses several hundred thousand dollars a year to check fraud
in each state in which it operates.

Banks are increasingly turning to finger- or thumb-printing across the country
in an attempt to stem the increase in check fraud. The American Bankers
Association said such fraud cost banks $ 615 million in 1995, more than 10 times
the $ 59 million in losses associated with bank robberies.

Nationwide, financial institutions in 17 states, including Banc One Corp. in
Ohio and Wells Fargo & Co. in San Francisco, have adopted thumb-printing or
fingerprinting programs.

Crestar Financial Corp., the largest banking company in the Washington area, is
considering implementing a thumb-printing program in this region and is already
trying one in the Norfolk area. Signet Banking Corp. is considering such a
program, while NationsBank Corp. said it is not.

Despite objections to thumb-printing from some consumers and others, bankers say
the practice has significantly reduced check fraud.

First Union said that in Florida, Georgia and South Carolina, where it first
introduced the program, thumb-printing has reduced its monthly check-fraud
losses by 40 percent.

The Texas Bankers Association said that in the first full year of a similar
program in that state, check fraud by noncustomers has been reduced more than 60
percent.

"This has been a terrifically successful program," said Dawn Duplantier,
communications director for the group.

Duplantier said that while it takes an average of six weeks for law enforcement
officials to catch a perpetrator of check fraud, thumb-printing can reduce that
time to 48 hours if the person passing the bad check already has a criminal
record. Additionally, she said, authorities have been able to use thumb prints
to link suspects to robberies in which checks and other items were stolen.

Law enforcement officials say check fraud has become a growing problem because
of advanced technology that allows people to print checks or flawlessly
reproduce payroll and government checks.

Criminals often cash such bogus checks at the company's bank on a payroll day,
which does not draw attention. They then move on to another location.

Under First Union's program, people who do not have a checking, savings or other
deposit account at First Union will be asked to provide a thumb print, along
with photo identification, when cashing a check at a First Union office.
Scanzoni said there will be no exceptions, except when a person has no thumb or
fingers.

First Union's deposit-account customers -- customers who have a checking or
savings account, or a certificate of deposit -- will not be asked for a
thumbprint when cashing a check.


LOAD-DATE: April 03, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustration

                       Copyright 1997 The Washington Post

                             459 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     August 21, 1992, Friday, FINAL EDITION

KEATING LOSES ESTATE

BYLINE: Donna Rosato

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 543 words


Charles Keating, convicted in one of the largest savings-and-loan frauds, is
about to lose his 5 1/2-acre estate in the posh Phoenix suburb of Paradise
Valley.  Security Pacific is foreclosing on a $ 2.2 million loan on Keating's
4,500-square-foot home. A California couple has agreed to buy the home for $ 1.2
million, but because the loan is significantly more than the selling price,
Keating won't get any proceeds from the sale.  Keating, 68, was convicted last
year on 17 counts of securities fraud and is serving a 10-year sentence at
California Men's Colony, near San Luis Obispo. The former head of failed Lincoln
Savings & Loan also faces an October trial on federal charges of fraud and
racketeering in connection with the S&L's failure.

 O&Y PLAN: Troubled real-estate giant Olympia & York unveiled details of a
restructuring plan it will present in bankruptcy
court today.  O&Y is offering creditors as much as 80% of the company in
exchange for extending the maturity date on its debt for five years. Creditors
would initially get a 49% stake. Any debt remaining at the end of five years
would be converted into additional shares up to a maximum 80%. O&Y and its 28
subsidiaries, in bankruptcy-court protection since May, have debt of about $ 7.2
billion. The Reichmann brothers, owners of O&Y, are also offering lenders a 20%
stake in their U.S. real-estate portfolio.

 TOKYO RALLY: The Tokyo stock market gained steam today, pushing the Nikkei
average up 579 points by midafternoon (12: 30 a.m. ET) to 15,847 after briefly
rising above 16,000 in the early afternoon. ''The market as a whole is getting
reassured that the government would move to rescue the ailing financial
institutions,'' says Takaaki Yoshida, a strategist with Sanyo Securities. The
Nikkei hit a six-year low last week because of economic worries.

 AMERITECH LAYOFFS: Ameritech says it will cut 2,500 management workers by April
as part of its efforts to streamline operations. The company says it won't know
the impact of the cuts on this year's earnings until it determines which
managers are leaving. Ameritech is the parent of Bell communications companies
serving Illinois, Indiana, Michigan, Ohio and Wisconsin.

 PAY-TV DEAL: Time Warner and Viacom have settled a 1989 lawsuit in which Viacom
said Time Warner, which owns HBO, was trying to drive its Showtime and The Movie
Channel pay-TV networks off the air. HBO is the biggest pay-cable service.
Viacom sued for $ 2.4 billion. The settlement gives Viacom wider access for its
services and an undisclosed payment from Time Warner. The two will launch joint
marketing agreements for Showtime and HBO, and Time Warner will spend more money
advertising on MTV, Viacom's video-music cable network.  Analysts say the
settlement will benefit both companies.

 MORTGAGE APPLICATIONS: Mortgage applications, spurred by falling interest
rates, jumped 10% from last week, the Mortgage Bankers Association says. Nearly
56% of the applications were for refinancing mortgages. The volume of
applications is 126% higher than a year earlier. Last week, 30-year fixed
mortgages averaged 7.96%, the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. says. One-year
adjustable-rate mortgages averaged 5.30%.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; color, Tim Dillon, USA TODAY

CUTLINE: KEATING: Serving 10-year sentence.

TYPE: Moneyline

                      Copyright 1992 Gannett Company, Inc.

                             460 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 25, 2014 Tuesday

Arizona: Sisters Convicted at Trial for Roles in Bakersfield Mortgage Fraud
Scheme

LENGTH: 584  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Justice has issued the following news release:

FRESNO, CA--A federal jury in Fresno stayed late into the evening on Friday,
November 21, and returned guilty verdicts on all counts in the trial of Evelyn
Brigget Sanchez, 32, and Darling Arlette Montalvo, 33, both of Bakersfield,
United States Attorney Benjamin B. Wagner announced. The case against the two
sisters focused on their involvement in an extensive mortgage fraud scheme that
ran from October 2005 to May 2007.

Sanchez and Montalvo were both convicted of conspiracy to commit mail fraud,
wire fraud, and bank fraud. Sanchez was also convicted of 11 counts of mail
fraud. Montalvo was also convicted of 10 counts of mail fraud and one count of
money laundering.

According to court documents, between October 2005 and May 2007, Sanchez and
Montalvo conspired with co-defendants Eric Hernandez, Monica Hernandez, and
Patricia King to defraud mortgage lenders by submitting false loan applications
and fraudulent supporting documentation, causing the lenders to fund mortgage
loans for the defendants' benefit on the basis of false and misleading
information. During this time, Eric Hernandez and Evelyn Sanchez were employed
at mortgage brokerages in Bakersfield. The defendants submitted loan
applications to lenders that included material misstatements concerning the
borrowers' income, assets, and employment, and false statements concerning the
borrowers' intent to reside in the properties as owner-occupiers, among other
false statements. The defendants also fabricated false supporting documentation
and submitted it to lenders in support of the loan applications. The total
losses in the scheme were approximately $6 million.

Co-defendants Eric Hernandez, Monica Hernandez, and Patricia King previously
pleaded guilty for their roles in the scheme. Eric Hernandez was sentenced on
Sept. 16, 2013, to 10 years and 10 months in prison. King was sentenced on April
23, 2012, to three years and one month in prison. Monica Hernandez is scheduled
to be sentenced on January 5, 2015.

This case is the product of an investigation by the Internal Revenue
Service--Criminal Investigation and the Federal Bureau of Investigation.
Assistant U.S. Attorneys Kirk Sherriff and Henry Carbajal III are prosecuting
the case.

Sanchez and Montalvo are to be sentenced on February 2, 2015, by United States
District Judge Anthony W. Ishii. The maximum statutory penalty for conspiracy to
commit mail fraud, wire fraud, and bank fraud is 30 years in prison and a $1
million fine. The maximum statutory penalty for one count of mail fraud is 30
years in prison and a $1 million fine, and for money laundering is 10 years in
prison and a $250,000 fine. The actual sentences, however, will be determined at
the discretion of the court after consideration of any applicable statutory
factors and the Federal Sentencing Guidelines, which take into account a number
of variables.

This case was investigated and prosecuted in coordination with the President's
Financial Fraud Enforcement Task Force. The task force was established to wage
an aggressive, coordinated and proactive effort to investigate and prosecute
financial crimes. With more than 20 federal agencies, 94 U.S. attorneys' offices
and state and local partners, it is the broadest coalition of law enforcement,
investigatory and regulatory agencies ever assembled to combat fraud.


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             461 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                December 6, 1993

CPI Adds Fraud Detector to Unit

BYLINE: ORLA O'SULLIVAN

SECTION: INFO/TECHNOLOGY; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 362 words

DATELINE: JACKSONVILLE, Fla.


Computer Power Inc. here announced a fraud detection system will be added to its
electronic "super highway," CPI Interchange, by arrangement with Guaranty Asset
Protection Services, Los Angeles, next July.

The companies say the tracking system is a necessary response to the "alarming"
increase in mortgage fraud.

Richard D. Ward, president of GAPS and himself a former Los Angeles police
detective, said the Federal Bureau of Investigation in California has announced
mortgage fraud as its top investigative priority.  "The FBI has reported that
just in the state of California mortgage fraud cost $ 19 billion last year," he
said.

Besides major metropolitan areas in California and Florida, Chicago is a
mortgage fraud black spot, he added.

Mr Ward said of one Virginia mortgage lender, who he would not name: "In the
first month, they avoided $ 7 million in potential losses because our system
drew attention to the loan applications that contained falsified information.

"I would 'guesstimate' the average value of each fraud we discover is $ 80,000."

The most common type of fraud is collusion between the originator and borrower,
to include the borrower's income, he said.  Other typical frauds involve selling
the same loan to various parties and not passing funds on to investors.  "Mostly
the same names crop up," he said.

GAPS, said to be the only services of its kind, allows originators, investors
and insurers to compare loan application date held in its nationwide database.

Incorporating the system onto CPI Interchange will provide the earliest possible
warning of potential fraud.  Instead of the lender having to submit a completed
loan application to GAPS, the immediate, electronic connection of loan parties
will make is possible for fraud to be flagged at the point of origination.

Once GAPS indicates that any cause for concern exists, the would-be lender can
decide whether to commission a GAPS investigation.  GAPS is staffed by former
law enforcements professionals and mortgage banking personnel and is wholly
owned by Guaranty Bank of Milwaukee.

CPI Interchange subscribers will pay for the GAPS service per loan investigated.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1993 National Thrift News, Inc.

                             462 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                            August 2, 2007 Thursday

Sentencing set in fraud case

BYLINE: Joe Bauman Deseret Morning News

LENGTH: 539 words


Bert Fingerhut, a towering influence in Utah environmental activism, is to be
sentenced on Friday for a massive securities fraud.

Fingerhut, 63, has homes in Aspen, Colo., and Palo Alto, Calif., and was a
longtime director on the board of the Southern Utah Wilderness Alliance, based
in Salt Lake City. He resigned the position earlier this year. He also was on
boards of several other environmental groups and was active in the Grand Canyon
Trust, which advocated environmental protections of the canyon and the Colorado
Plateau.

In May, Fingerhut pleaded guilty in U.S. District Court, Newark, N.J., to a
federal conspiracy charge.

"The objects of the conspiracy were to commit securities fraud and to launder
the funds that were obtained through the securities fraud," said Assistant U.S.
Attorney Karl Buch, who is based in Newark, N.J. The fraud lasted for about 10
years, starting in 1997.

Besides agreeing to forfeit $11 million in illegal profits, as alleged in the
Securities and Exchange Commission civil case, Fingerhut faces a possible prison
term of 57 to 60 months, Buch said in an interview Tuesday.

Because Fingerhut has cooperated in the matter, the government probably will ask
U.S. District Judge Peter G. Sheridan to reduce the sentence below what would be
indicated otherwise in federal guidelines, Buch said.

Daniel Zelenko, SEC branch chief in the agency's New York office, said the SEC
filed a civil enforcement action against four defendants in May. The four,
including Fingerhut, signed consent orders in the civil action, consenting to
allegations by the government.

The SEC complaint says Fingerhut "spearheaded a sophisticated scheme to
circumvent federal and state banking regulations in order to make lucrative
stock purchases in stock conversions," according to an SEC news release in May.

The scheme, which went on for about a decade, involved Fingerhut using his own
money to finance investment supposedly by others. They appeared as depositors in
investor-owned banking companies, such as thrifts. When the banks went public,
investors were given the chance to buy stock in the new operations.

The scheme made illegal profits of about $12 million, according to the
government.

Meanwhile, Fingerhut and another defendant pleaded guilty to a criminal count of
conspiracy. According to the U.S. Attorney's Office in Newark, the man acted as
a nominee on Fingerhut's behalf. The two other defendants in the civil case did
not face criminal charges.

The defendants were not charged with insider trading. Fingerhut is believed to
have depended on his understanding of financial markets to know when and where
to invest. Before his retirement years ago, and before the scheme began, he
served as a member of the executive committee and director of research at
Oppenheimer & Co., a New York investment firm.

Scott Groene, director of SUWA, said Fingerhut told the group when he resigned
from the SUWA board that he was leaving for personal reasons.

"Bert expended a considerable part of his life trying to protect the beauty of
the American West, and we appreciate his service on the board up until his
retirement," Groene said.

Fingerhut did not return telephone calls to his homes seeking comment. E-mail:
bau@desnews.com

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2007 The Deseret News Publishing Co.

                             463 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        York Daily Record (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            August 23, 2012 Thursday

Hanover man charged in connection with real estate fraud

BYLINE: Rebecca LeFever, York Daily Record, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 364 words


Aug. 23--YORK, Pa. --

A Hanover man and his Texas co-conspirator were indicted Thursday in connection
with a nationwide sale and leaseback investment fraud scheme, according to the
United States Attorney's Office for the Middle District of Pennsylvania.

Samuel Pearson, 47, of Hanover, and Andrew Brosnac, 47, of Keller, Texas, were
indicted by a federal grand jury after the two allegedly used a group of
companies to buy Jiffy Lube and other convenience stores to sell back to
investors in Pennsylvania and California, a news release states.

In addition, Brosnac, a real estate broker and investment consultant, also
defrauded investors and lenders out of $16 million in connection with the sale
and leasebacks of businesses in New York, North Carolina and Wyoming, according
to the news release.

Brosnac arranged money from banks and credit unions for investors to buy the
properties and then used other companies controlled by himself and Pearson to
lease and operate the properties for investors, officials said.

Brosnac provided investors and lenders with false financial information,
including loans and investments, the release states.

He then used the money from the sales of the properties to cover lease payments
and expenses, as well as buying new properties -- receiving about $1.9 million
in commissions and consulting fees from the sales.

The scheme included companies were called "Commercial Concepts," "Realty
Concepts," "BF Oil," "Peanut Oil," "Viper Gas," "Sierra Oil Management," and
"NYACOR," officials said.

Peanut Oil and Sierra Oil Management filed for bankruptcy in district court in
Scranton in 2008 and 2010, the release states.

After an investigation by the FBI, Pearson was charged separately with
conspiracy to commit bank and wire fraud and pleaded guilty in 2011 after a plea
agreement.

He is awaiting sentencing.

Brosnac is charged with 15 counts, including conspiracy, bank fraud and wire
fraud. If convicted, Brosnac faces an imprisonment range of 11 to 15 years, plus
fines and an order to make restitution.

@ralefever; 771-2088

___ (c)2012 York Daily Record (York, Pa.) Visit York Daily Record (York, Pa.) at
www.ydr.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: August 24, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120823-YO-Hanover-man-charged-in-connection-with-real-estate-fraud
-0823-20120823

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YO


                        Copyright 2012 York Daily Record

                             464 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Capital (Annapolis, MD)

                            December 11, 2009 Friday

2 indicted in mortgage scheme

BYLINE: LISA BEISEL Staff Writer

SECTION: FRONT; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 388  words


In a widening crackdown on mortgage fraud, a federal grand jury this week
indicted two Annapolis-area loan officers for a scheme that allegedly victimized
homeowners facing foreclosure.

James William Fox II, 39, of Crofton, and James Hooper Dan, 45, of Annapolis
were indicted this week in a mortgage-fraud scheme, officials announced
yesterday. The two could face 40 years in prison if they are found guilty.

According to the indictment, the two were loan officers employed at Charm City
Investment Group LLC in Annapolis. From April 2006 to February 2009, the two
allegedly identified victims who were unable to make the mortgage payments on
their homes.

The two promised to help the victims avoid foreclosure, but instead allegedly
obtained new mortgage loans in their own names or in the names of "straw
purchasers."

The monthly payments on the new mortgages were even higher than what the victims
were originally paying on the homes, which were in Waldorf, Capitol Heights,
Baltimore, Silver Spring, Pasadena, and Hagerstown in Maryland, as well as Glen
Rock, Pa., and Chesterfield, Va., according to the indictment.

Because of the fraud scheme, Fox and Dan allegedly caused lenders to lose more
than $1.7 million in fraudulently obtained mortgage loans and caused the
individual victims to lose more than $650,000 in equity in their homes. The
indictment seeks the forfeiture of the total loss of $2,350,000.

Dan and Fox face a maximum sentence of 20 years in prison for conspiracy to
commit wire fraud and 20 years in prison for wire fraud.

The indictment is part of the work done by the Maryland Mortgage Fraud Task
Force. The U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development, the Office of
Inspector General, the Federal Bureau of Investigation and the Maryland
Department of Labor, Licensing and Regulation, Division of Financial Regulation,
were also involved in the investigation.

The task force has filed criminal, civil and regulatory actions against more
than 250 people and companies in 2009. Officials said they expect even more
cases to be prosecuted in 2010.

The task force aims to punish offenders and deter other violations, officials
said. It targets mortgage brokers, lawyers, accountants, appraisers and others
who generate fraudulent loans, as well as other con artists who market bogus
"foreclosure rescue" services.

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2009 Capital Gazette Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             465 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 Network World

                                October 19, 1992

Users press FCC to focus on toll fraud;
Say agency needs to step up toll fraud protection to combat negligence of
carriers and vendors.

BYLINE: By Anita Taff, Washington Bureau Chief

SECTION: GLOBAL SERVICES; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 884 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, D.C.


Users are stepping up pressure to get the FCC off the sidelines and into the
fray to help combat toll fraud because they say carriers are doing too little to
protect them.

At a public hearing held by the Federal Communications Commission earlier this
month, users said negligence on the part of carriers and equipment manufacturers
either opened them to toll fraud or made losses worse. Among users' complaints
were that vendors fail to inform customers about the potential for toll fraud,
use sloppy security practices and take too long to act on toll fraud once it
occurs.

Users accused carriers and equipment vendors of handling toll fraud in a
lackadaisical manner, which is likely to continue unless the FCC takes action.
Because users are held liable for all toll fraud losses, those testifying at the
hearing last week said vendors have little incentive to help.

"I have the feeling [carriers are] using toll fraud as a profit center," said
Thomas Mara, executive vice-president of Leucadia National Corp. in Salt Lake
City. Mara said his company was hit for $250,000 in toll fraud in July and he is
still negotiating over payment.

AT&T failed to notify him of possible fraud even though usage on one 800 line
jumped from an average of 100 calls per month to 10,448 calls in June.

Geoffrey Williams, telecommunications manager for Iomega Corp. in Roy, Utah, was
equally unhappy, citing recently introduced insurance policies covering toll
fraud. "I can't see that there's any opportunity there except for the insurance
company. Paying an insurance company [for toll fraud coverage] is like paying
protection money," he said.

Mara, Williams and many other experts at the FCC hearing agreed carriers should
do more to protect users from toll fraud as a normal part of their service and
not as an additional way to raise revenue. They also said toll fraud has reached
epidemic proportions and either the FCC or Congress must take responsibility for
solving the problem.

"Vendors generally remain lackadaisical and are slow to correct even known
problems in their hardware, firmware and software [that permit toll fraud],"
said Lawrence Gessini, director of telecommunications for Agway Corp. in
Syracuse, N.Y., and a member of the International Communications Association
(ICA).

"Toll fraud detection and prevention information has not been actively promoted,
and user queries about such services seem to be given a low priority," he said.

Gessini presented the results of a recent ICA survey to underscore the gravity
of the toll fraud problem. In the survey, users reported more than 550 incidents
of toll fraud in the last three years, totaling more than $73.5 million and
averaging $130,000 per incident.

Toll fraud experts estimate that, nationwide, businesses and consumers may be
losing $4 billion annually on stolen calls. Although carriers in some cases are
willing to settle with users for partial payment for losses, in most instances
carriers hold users liable for the full amount.

Carriers have provisions in their tariffs that protect them from assuming any
liability for toll fraud losses. Gessini said there is a great deal of support
within the ICA to push for elimination of such "self-declared, one-sided"
limitations.

However, the ICA stopped short of pushing for such a sweeping change and instead
asked the FCC to take action on five narrower requests. First, the group asked
the agency to begin a formal inquiry to determine what it can do to stem toll
fraud and to appoint an FCC staffer to work exclusively on the issue.

Second, it asked the FCC to create an industry-advisory group that might
function much like the Network Reliability Council, which advises the FCC on
network reliability.

The ICA also asked the FCC to protect users that have taken internal steps to
control toll fraud but are hit anyway due to the negligence of a vendor.

The ICA requested that the FCC force vendors to inform customers about the
potential for toll fraud arising from the service or equipment users are
purchasing. Finally, the ICA asked the FCC to prevent carriers from charging
users for information necessary to prevent toll fraud.

Although FCC Chairman Alfred Sikes did not specify at the hearing what he might
do to marshall the agency's resources in defense of users, there are several
reasons why the FCC is likely to act. Continuing user pressure has raised
awareness of the problem and the apparent one-sided responsibility placed on
users.

Additionally, Congress is becoming increasingly alarmed and has threatened
legislation that would compel the FCC to act if the agency does not move on its
own. And there is also internal pressure at the FCC to act.

FCC Commissioner Ervin Duggan has long been a champion of increased network
reliability and security. At the hearing this month, he issued a statement
painting a graphic picture of the toll fraud problem and placing the burden of
solving it squarely at the feet of the FCC.

"Toll fraud has become a kind of degenerative disease, threatening the health
and even the life of our country's telecommunications infrastructure," Duggan
said. "Surely the FCC, as the government agency that regulates
telecommunications, has a special responsbility to show leadership on this
issue," he said.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1992 Network World, Inc.

                             466 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 25, 2014 Tuesday

Two Founders Of S3 Partners Sentenced To Prison In Investment Fraud Scheme

LENGTH: 670  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


United States Attorney's Office for the northern District of California has
issued the following press release:

Two founders of the S3 Partners were sentenced to prison on Nov. 17, 2014, on
investment fraud charges, announced United States Attorney Melinda Haag and FBI
Special Agent in Charge David J. Johnson.

The Honorable Ronald M. Whyte, United States District Court Judge, sentenced
Melvin Russell "Rusty" Shields, 45, of Granite Falls, N.C. to 78 months in
prison and Michael Sims, 60, of Gilroy, Calif. to 30 months in prison.

Following a seven week trial, on Dec. 23, 2013, the jury convicted Shields on 32
of the 39 counts in the superseding indictment, including finding him guilty of
conspiracy to commit wire and bank fraud, 14 counts of wire fraud, 7 counts of
bank fraud, 7 counts of making a false statement to a bank, and 3 counts of
securities fraud. The jury acquitted Shields as to the remaining counts in the
superseding indictment. The jury convicted Sims of 2 counts of wire fraud and
acquitted him on the remaining counts in the superseding indictment. The third
S3 Partner, Sam Stafford, 57, of Campbell, Calif., pleaded guilty on Oct. 17,
2013 to having conspired with Shields and Sims to commit wire, mail, and bank
fraud.

Evidence at trial showed that from 2006 to 2009, Shields, Sims, and Stafford
defrauded individual investors in the Northern District of California in
connection with various real estate development projects. The three defendants
conducted their business as "S3 Partners" out of a variety of locations
including San Jose and Campbell; Hickory, N.C.; and Valrico, Fla. Shields, Sims,
and Stafford collectively obtained more than $21 million from individual
investors and banks. Shields and Sims each diverted a portion of those funds for
their personal use, their personal business ventures, and other unauthorized
purposes. All the S3 Partners' projects failed, resulting in a near total loss
to many investors.

The jury verdicts and the evidence at trial regarding Shields specifically
showed that he engaged in investment fraud targeting elderly investors,
encouraging them to cash out their individual retirement accounts, educational
savings, and home equity and to wire the proceeds to the S3 Partners for the
purchase of shares in an S3 Partners-controlled company or to invest in other S3
projects. Shields then diverted investor funds for unauthorized purposes. The
evidence further showed that Shields and Stafford fraudulently obtained millions
of dollars from banks by submitting forged and fraudulent invoices and loan
closing documents. Shields was responsible for over $7,225,000 in losses
suffered by over two dozen individual investors as well as two banks.

In addition, the jury verdicts and the evidence specific to Sims showed that
Sims defrauded two special education teachers out of over $411,000, including
diverting and spending over $178,000 of what he knew to be their retirement
savings. Sims encouraged the two teachers to cash out their individual
retirement account (IRA) and wire the proceeds to him for the purchase of a
share in an S3 Partners-controlled company which Sims said was a safe investment
that would provide predictable returns. Sims instead spent those investors'
retirement funds for unauthorized purposes.

After the sentencing, Judge Whyte ordered Shields and Sims to self-surrender by
Jan. 13, 2015. Shields, Sims, and Stafford have been out of custody on home
electronic monitoring since their May 2012 arrest. Judge Whyte also ordered
Shields to pay restitution in the amount of $7,225,904.73 and Sims to pay
restitution in the amount of $411,460.92. Stafford's sentencing is currently
scheduled for Jan. 26, 2015.

Assistant U.S. Attorneys Joseph Fazioli and Timothy Lucey prosecuted the case
with the assistance of Lakisha Holliman and Laurie Worthen. This prosecution is
the result of an investigation by the FBI

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             467 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 21, 2014 Friday

Two Founders Of S3 Partners Sentenced To Prison In Investment Fraud Scheme

LENGTH: 670  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


United States Attorney's Office for the northern District of California has
issued the following press release:

Two founders of the S3 Partners were sentenced to prison on Nov. 17, 2014, on
investment fraud charges, announced United States Attorney Melinda Haag and FBI
Special Agent in Charge David J. Johnson.

The Honorable Ronald M. Whyte, United States District Court Judge, sentenced
Melvin Russell "Rusty" Shields, 45, of Granite Falls, N.C. to 78 months in
prison and Michael Sims, 60, of Gilroy, Calif. to 30 months in prison.

Following a seven week trial, on Dec. 23, 2013, the jury convicted Shields on 32
of the 39 counts in the superseding indictment, including finding him guilty of
conspiracy to commit wire and bank fraud, 14 counts of wire fraud, 7 counts of
bank fraud, 7 counts of making a false statement to a bank, and 3 counts of
securities fraud. The jury acquitted Shields as to the remaining counts in the
superseding indictment. The jury convicted Sims of 2 counts of wire fraud and
acquitted him on the remaining counts in the superseding indictment. The third
S3 Partner, Sam Stafford, 57, of Campbell, Calif., pleaded guilty on Oct. 17,
2013 to having conspired with Shields and Sims to commit wire, mail, and bank
fraud.

Evidence at trial showed that from 2006 to 2009, Shields, Sims, and Stafford
defrauded individual investors in the Northern District of California in
connection with various real estate development projects. The three defendants
conducted their business as "S3 Partners" out of a variety of locations
including San Jose and Campbell; Hickory, N.C.; and Valrico, Fla. Shields, Sims,
and Stafford collectively obtained more than $21 million from individual
investors and banks. Shields and Sims each diverted a portion of those funds for
their personal use, their personal business ventures, and other unauthorized
purposes. All the S3 Partners' projects failed, resulting in a near total loss
to many investors.

The jury verdicts and the evidence at trial regarding Shields specifically
showed that he engaged in investment fraud targeting elderly investors,
encouraging them to cash out their individual retirement accounts, educational
savings, and home equity and to wire the proceeds to the S3 Partners for the
purchase of shares in an S3 Partners-controlled company or to invest in other S3
projects. Shields then diverted investor funds for unauthorized purposes. The
evidence further showed that Shields and Stafford fraudulently obtained millions
of dollars from banks by submitting forged and fraudulent invoices and loan
closing documents. Shields was responsible for over $7,225,000 in losses
suffered by over two dozen individual investors as well as two banks.

In addition, the jury verdicts and the evidence specific to Sims showed that
Sims defrauded two special education teachers out of over $411,000, including
diverting and spending over $178,000 of what he knew to be their retirement
savings. Sims encouraged the two teachers to cash out their individual
retirement account (IRA) and wire the proceeds to him for the purchase of a
share in an S3 Partners-controlled company which Sims said was a safe investment
that would provide predictable returns. Sims instead spent those investors'
retirement funds for unauthorized purposes.

After the sentencing, Judge Whyte ordered Shields and Sims to self-surrender by
Jan. 13, 2015. Shields, Sims, and Stafford have been out of custody on home
electronic monitoring since their May 2012 arrest. Judge Whyte also ordered
Shields to pay restitution in the amount of $7,225,904.73 and Sims to pay
restitution in the amount of $411,460.92. Stafford's sentencing is currently
scheduled for Jan. 26, 2015.

Assistant U.S. Attorneys Joseph Fazioli and Timothy Lucey prosecuted the case
with the assistance of Lakisha Holliman and Laurie Worthen. This prosecution is
the result of an investigation by the FBI

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             468 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Topeka Capital-Journal (Kansas)

                              May 1, 2012 Tuesday

Two sentenced for roles in adoption scam

BYLINE: The Capital-Journal

LENGTH: 249 words


KANSAS CITY, Kan. - A man and woman were sentenced to federal prison terms for
their roles in an adoption scam in which the woman pretended to be pregnant with
twins and willing to let them be adopted in return for money and gifts, said
Barry Grissom, U.S. Attorney for Kansas.

Grissom announced Monday that Roxanne Janel Jones, 35, of Kansas City, Mo., was
sentenced to 87 months. She had pleaded guilty to one count each of aggravated
identity theft and conspiracy to commit wire fraud and mail fraud.

Grissom said Taj A. Isaiah, 29, of Kansas City, Mo., was sentenced to 24 months
after pleading guilty to one count of conspiracy to commit wire fraud and mail
fraud.

Grissom said Jones admitted to swindling 14 couples through a scam in which she
contacted adoption agencies, claimed to be pregnant and sought to meet couples
who wanted to adopt. Jones asked the couples for money to pay for rent and other
living expenses.

Grissom said the couples Jones swindled were from Bonner Springs, Overland Park,
Olathe, Shawnee, Leavenworth and Florence in Kansas, as well as Minnesota,
Georgia, California, Massachusetts and Tennessee.

Isaiah sometimes assisted Jones by pretending to be her landlord, Grissom said.

He said Jones picked up money orders and wire transfers from prospective
adoptive families and made false statements to the couples.

The Overland Park Police Department and U.S. Secret Service investigated the
case, which was prosecuted by Grissom and Chris Oakley, assistant U.S. attorney.

LOAD-DATE: May 1, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 The Topeka Capital-Journal
                              All Rights Reserved

                             469 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    October 7, 1989, Saturday, Final Edition

DeFusco Guilty in Mail Fraud Case;
Virginia Plea Expected to Follow Resolution of Texas Charges

BYLINE: Robert F. Howe, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: METRO; PAGE B1

LENGTH: 552 words


David Allen DeFusco pleaded guilty yesterday in federal court in Texas to mail
fraud and conspiracy for his role in a scheme to lure dozens of people to visit
time-share resort properties on the false promise that they would receive
imported cars and thousands of dollars in cash prizes.

Robert J. Wortham, U.S. attorney for the Eastern District of Texas, described
DeFusco, a former Great Falls resident, as just another of the "predators and
parasites who attempt to rip off the working Americans of their hard-earned
money."

DeFusco, 34, and his wife, Annette DeFusco, 27, were indicted April 7, accused
of conspiracy and seven counts of mail fraud. In exchange for DeFusco's plea,
the government agreed to drop six counts of mail fraud against him and all
federal charges against his wife.

Yesterday's plea is the first resolution of federal investigations conducted
against the DeFuscos in three states, including Virginia and Washington. A
criminal complaint filed in federal court in Alexandria in July charged the
couple with bankruptcy fraud.

The DeFuscos are expected to plead guilty in Alexandria the week of Oct. 16 to
one count of bankruptcy fraud and one count of money laundering, said Kent A.
Schaffer, their attorney. The U.S. Attorney's Office in Alexandria said there is
no plea agreement in Virginia at this time.

According to various criminal and civil complaints, the DeFuscos left a trail of
aliases, lavishly appointed houses and fraudulent bankruptcy filings as they
moved a mail order scheme from corporation to corporation and state to state.

The couple was responsible for designing, printing and delivering millions of
promotional mailings to residents in several states. Some recipients drove
hundreds of miles on the promise of a new car, federal prosecutors have said.

Instead of receiving a new car or television set, the individuals were subjected
to long sales pitches for time-share resort properties and were given such
inexpensive gifts as hamburger grills, according to federal investigators.

As a result of yesterday's plea in Beaumont, Tex., DeFusco faces a maximum
sentence of 10 years in prison and $ 500,000 in fines. Because most of the
DeFuscos' assets are tied up in federal bankruptcy court, Schaffer said, it is
unlikely DeFusco will be fined.

Though the federal charges against Annette DeFusco were dropped, she will be
placed on probation on a theft conviction, according to attorneys in the case.

The government also agreed not to prosecute the couple for any activities
involving their Seattle-based direct mail company, World Wide Marketing Inc.,
according to DeFusco's plea agreement in Texas.

During court proceedings yesterday before U.S. District Judge Richard A. Schell,
DeFusco said that from September 1987 to July of last year, he conspired with
Freedom Financial Corp. to draw residents from six Midwestern and Southwestern
states to visit time-share properties run by Freedom Financial in Texas and
Missouri.

The mailings were delivered in envelopes with what the prosecution described as
official-sounding labels. In the 26 letters identified in the indictment's
conspiracy charge, the prizes promised were almost always the same: a 1988 BMW,
a 45-inch color television, $ 10,000 in cash or a combination of those prizes.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, DAVID ALLEN DEFUSCO.

TYPE: VIRGINIA NEWS, NATIONAL NEWS

                       Copyright 1989 The Washington Post

                             470 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                Sentinel & Enterprise (Fitchburg, Massachusetts)

                           February 21, 2015 Saturday

Early: Insurance fraud crackdown saving millions

BYLINE: By Chris Camire, ccamire@sentinelandenterprise.com

SECTION: NEWS; Local

LENGTH: 336 words


WORCESTER -- On Nov. 23, 2009, a Leominster man wearing a helmet, chest
protector and elbow pads deliberately crashed his car into a concrete barrier in
Worcester in an attempt to collect insurance money.

This case was highlighted by Worcester District Attorney Joseph D. Early Jr. on
Friday as he drew attention to his office's efforts to stop insurance fraud in
collaboration with the Insurance Fraud Bureau of Massachusetts.

"This is the sort of fraud that, if left unchecked, would lead to higher
insurance rates for the people of Worcester County," said Early in a statement.
"I am happy to partner with the Insurance Fraud Bureau."

The Insurance Fraud Bureau and Early have been working together to prosecute
perpetrators of insurance fraud for over eight years. The partnership has
resulted in cost savings of about $150 million and reduced automobile insurance
premiums for drivers in Worcester County, according to Anthony M. DiPaolo, Chief
of Investigations for the IFB.

The DA's Office received a $40,000 grant from the Massachusetts Division of
Insurance to fund the program.

The Leominster driver dressed in protective gear is Christopher Foti, 35. He was
sentenced to nine months in county jail last July after pleading guilty to
motor-vehicle insurance fraud.

"There was a witness who saw him," said Tim Connolly, a spokesman for the DA's
Office.

In a second case highlighted by Early, Antonio Quinones, 58, of Uxbridge, was
sentenced to 2 1/2 years in county jail in June of 2014 for motor-vehicle
insurance fraud and attempted larceny.

Quinones reported his car stolen. His claim was investigated by the insurer and
denied. The IFB then requested that the DA's Office prosecute the case.

"He had a financial motive to perpetrate a fraud, which lead to more
investigation which lead them to find discrepancies with what he said," said
Connolly.

Quinones was convicted by a jury. Evidence against him included parking tickets
received in New York City, said Connolly.

Follow Chris Camire on Twitter @chriscamire.

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


      Copyright 2015 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Mid-States Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             471 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                           November 24, 2016 Thursday

Head Line: US Patent granted to Verint Americas Inc. (Georgia) on November 22,
2016 titled as "Systems, methods, and media for determining fraud patterns and
creating fraud behavioral models"

LENGTH: 206 words

DATELINE: New York


ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no.
9,503,571 on November 22, 2016, to Verint Americas Inc. (Georgia) titled as
"Systems, methods, and media for determining fraud patterns and creating fraud
behavioral models"

Inventors: Guerra; Lisa (Los Altos, CA), Gutierrez; Richard (San Jose, CA),
Hartig; David (Oakland, CA), Rajakumar; Anthony (Fremont, CA), Vyas; Vipul (Palo
Alto, CA)


Assignee: VERINT AMERICAS INC. (Alpharetta, GA) (Georgia)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office:
"Systems, methods, and media for analyzing fraud patterns and creating fraud
behavioral models are provided herein. In some embodiments, methods for
analyzing call data associated with fraudsters may include executing
instructions stored in memory to compare the call data to a corpus of fraud data
to determine one or more unique fraudsters associated with the call data,
associate the call data with one or more unique fraudsters based upon the
comparison, generate one or more voiceprints for each of the one or more
identified unique fraudsters from the call data, and store the one or more
voiceprints in a database."

The patent was filed on October 29, 2015 Application No. 14/926,998


LOAD-DATE: November 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             472 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                            February 4, 1994, Friday

NEW POLICY FOR BANKS TARGETS CREDIT CARD FRAUD BY MERCHANTS

BYLINE: BRIGITTE MAXEY; Journal of Commerce Staff

SECTION: INSURANCE, Pg. 7A

LENGTH: 555 words


A joint effort between London underwriters and a Minneapolis managing agency has
targeted fraudulent merchants and has caught the attention of banks that back
credit card purchases.

Merchant Chargeback Insurance, marketed by London Market Associates in
Minneapolis, is designed to protect banks against excessive or fraudulent
charge-backs that occur when business owners submit credit card transactions or
immediate credit to their accounts.

It's backed by Lloyd's of London and other London underwriters. Officials at
London Market Associates said they have sold policies with combined limits of $
1 billion since the program's inception last April.

In 1993, Worldwide credit card fraud reached $ 395 million, said Jana
Weatherbee, a spokeswoman for Mastercard International Inc. in New York. The
year before, credit card fraud totaled $ 382 million, Ms. Weatherbee said.

Landmark Bank of La Hara, Calif. purchased the insurance last June. Renee Blais,
Landmark's vice president, said her bank has not had to cash in on the
insurance, so far, but considers it a preventive measure.

"If a client has a bankruptcy or other problem, this provides a more secure
feeling," Mr. Blais said.

Some merchants inflate credit card bills to build revenue for their businesses,
said a spokeswoman for a credit card processing company. Because some credit
card purchases are billed electronically, bank officials don't immediately
recognize the fraud, experts said.

The policy covers banks for transactions with high-risk merchants such as
telemarketers and some restaurants.

The insurance policy protects banks that are members of Visa USA and Mastercard
International Inc. Under the coverage, banks have protection up to $ 5 million
for each merchant who uses its services.

Deductibles start at $ 5,000 and "can go as high as the bank wants," to keep
down premiums, said Chris Kittler, an agent for London Market Associates, in
Minneapolis, which is marketing the coverage.

The policy has been available for less than one year in Texas, Wisconsin and
California. It was made available at a time when credit card fraud is rising,
said Patricia Wesner, senior vice president, First Star Bank in Milwaukee.

In the 4 1/2 years Ms. Wesner has worked in the banks' credit card deparment
there "has definitely" increased because more merchants accept credit cards, she
said.

The credit card industry does not report merchant fraud data separately from
overall fraud. However, all fraud amounts to less than 1 percent of all credit
card transaction volume, Ms. Weatherbee said.

Merchant fraud is highest among restaurants and non-retail operations such as
telephone-order businesses, Mr. Kittler said. "Any merchant that doesn't do
face-to-face transactions can defraud a bank," Mr. Kittler said.

In one case in St. Louis Park, Minn., a restaurant owner was indicted for
recording fake sales in 1991 that were 100 times more than the real charges. He
will be tried this month.

Representatives of the restaurant industry said the Minnesota case was an
exception and not the rule for restaurant behavior.

Wendy Webster, spokeswoman for the National Restaurant Association in
Washington, said restaurant owners "live and die by the good will of our
customers. If that good will is comprised you lose business."

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1994 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.

                             473 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Rhode Island Lawyers Weekly

                           September 24, 2012 Monday

Renowned prosecutor joins R.I. USA's office

BYLINE: Noah Schaffer

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 211  words


U.S. Attorney Peter F. Neronha today announced the appointment of Randy Katz as
an assistant U.S. attorney in the District of Rhode Island.

Katz, a Boston native, served for over seven years as an assistant U. S.
attorney in the Economic Crimes Section of the U.S. Attorney's Office in Miami,
where he prosecuted significant bank-fraud, securities-fraud, health-care fraud
and mortgage-fraud cases.

In 2008, Katz was awarded the Attorney General's Award for Distinguished
Service, one of the highest honors given by the U.S. Department of Justice, for
his work on one of the largest health-care fraud prosecutions in Florida's
history.

In 2009, he was recognized by the Federal Bar Association as a Younger Federal
Lawyer of the Year. In 2010, Katz received the Timothy Evans Memorial Award for
Outstanding Performance, given to the top federal prosecutor in the Southern
District of Florida. He also received the FBI Director's Award in 2011 for his
work on a notable mortgage fraud prosecution.

Katz graduated from the University of Maryland in 1998 and from Duke Law School
in 2001. Prior to his service as a federal prosecutor, he practiced as a
litigation associate at a private firm in Boston. He also served as a law clerk
at the 11th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals.

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved

                             474 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                            January 24, 2006 Tuesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

FBI agents targeting Katrina-related fraud

BYLINE: John Bacon

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 784 words


The FBI has uncovered fraud by public officials in the
aftermath of Hurricane Katrina and has created a task
force to investigate corruption, Mississippis top agent
said Monday. We are seeing public officials facilitating
some of the fraud, said John Raucci, agent in charge in
Mississippi. Its not widespread, I will say that, but we
have seen it and we have begun addressing it.
Raucci said there will be indictments in the fraud
cases but didnt say when or how many. Federal money
has been pouring into the Gulf Coast states since
Katrina struck Aug. 29, and Louisiana and Mississippi
are receiving billions in aid. Sheila Thorne, an agent in
Louisiana, said the FBI has set up task forces in each of
that states three districts to deal with hurricanerelated
fraud. Thorne said agents are looking at all levels
of fraud in Louisiana, including public corruption.

DNA test frees Fla. inmate after 24 years

A Florida man was freed after spending almost 24
years, more than half his life, in prison for rapes that
DNA tests recently showed he didnt commit.
Alan Crotzer, 45, was
convicted in 1982 of raping
a 38-year-old Tampa woman
and a 12-year-old girl.
He was sentenced to 130
years. At a hearing Monday,
prosecutors said there was
significant doubt about
Crotzers guilt and asked
Judge J. Rogers Padgett to
set aside the conviction and
free Crotzer. The motion is
granted. You are a free
man, Padgett told Crotzer.
Im very happy, Crotzer
told reporters outside the
courthouse, adding that he
planned to celebrate his release
with friends.

NASA says trip to space station postponed

NASAs first purchased ride to the International
Space Station will be delayed eight days because of
problems preparing the Russian Soyuz spacecraft for
launch, NASA spokesman James Hartsfield said.
Launch of the 13th space station crew was reset to
March 30. NASA is paying Russia to take astronauts to
and from the space station because an agreement with
Russia to provide crew transport has expired and U.S.
shuttles remain grounded. NASA will pay $43.8 million
for the launch of flight engineer Jeffrey Williams
and a ride home for current station commander Bill
McArthur. He and Russian flight engineer Valery Tokarev
have been aboard the station since October.

Romney orders review of girls case log

Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney, citing errors in
judgment, announced an independent probe into the
states handling of the case of a brain-damaged girl at
the center of a right-to-die battle.
Haleigh Poutre, 11, was allegedly
beaten into a coma last
year by her adoptive mother
and stepfather, who fought
state efforts to disconnect the
girl from life support. The
states highest court granted
the state permission last week
to disconnect Haleighs ventilator
and feeding tube. The next
day, the Department of Social
Services said her condition had
improved and she was breathing
on her own. Romney said he
will establish a panel to review the girls 10-year social
services case log. Social Services Commissioner Harry
Spence said he welcomes any expert review.

Officer gets reprimand in Iraqis death

Amilitary jury at Fort Carson, Colo., ordered a reprimand
but no jail time for an Army interrogator convicted
of killing an Iraqi prisoner by putting him in a
sleeping bag and sitting on his chest. Chief Warrant Officer
Lewis Welshofer Jr. also was ordered to forfeit
$6,000 salary and was largely restricted to his barracks
and workplace for 60 days. Welshofer, 43, had originally
been charged with murder, punishable by up to
life in prison. On Saturday, he was convicted instead of
negligent homicide and negligent dereliction of duty.
On the lesser charges, he had faced a maximum of
three years and three months in prison, a dishonorable
discharge, loss of his pension and other penalties.

Man jumps from taxiing airliner

An airline passenger bit a fellow passenger, then
jumped out of a jetliner moving on the tarmac, authorities
said. He was later subdued with a stun gun.
Troy Rigby, 28, was taken to a hospital from the Fort
Lauderdale airport, the Broward County sheriffs office
said in a statement. It was unclear whether he was injured.
The other passenger suffered minor injuries
from the bite. Continental Airlines Flight 408 to Newark,
N.J., had been delayed for about 30 minutes, and as
the Boeing 737 began to taxi, Rigby started yelling to
get off, the statement said. When the pilot depressurized
the cabin, Rigby opened a door, jumped to the
tarmac and ran toward the terminal. Deputies zapped
him with a stun gun after he resisted arrest, the statement
said. Rigby will be charged with criminal mischief,
criminal trespass, battery, resisting arrest with
violence and battery on a law enforcement officer, and
he has an outstanding warrant on a charge of marijuana
possession, the sheriffs office said.

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, Chris O'Meara, AP
PHOTO, B/W, AP
PHOTO, B/W, Denis Poroy, AP

DOCUMENT-TYPE: NATIONLINE

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2006 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             475 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                   March 18, 1999, Thursday, JOURNAL EDITION

Lyons enters guilty plea, pledges to continue preaching

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg. 06d

LENGTH: 290 words

DATELINE: Tampa


The Rev. Henry Lyons called himself a chosen leader and vowed to continue to
preach --- even in prison --- after admitting to a federal judge he was guilty
of fraud and tax evasion. ''I made mistakes and for this I am truly sorry. But
besides being a man, I am still a servant of God --- appointed and chosen to
lead,'' Lyons said on the courthouse steps Wednesday after an hourlong plea
hearing. He pleaded guilty to five felony charges --- one count of bank fraud,
two counts of tax evasion, one count of making false statements to a bank
officer and one count of making false statements to the federal government. As
part of the plea agreement, federal prosecutors dropped 49 other counts against
the former president of the National Baptist Convention USA, including money
laundering, wire fraud. Two weeks ago, jurors convicted Lyons, 57, in state
court of bilking more than $ 4 million from companies wanting to sell cemetery
products, life insurance policies and credit cards to convention members. Also,
he was convicted of stealing almost $ 250,000 from the Anti-Defamation League of
B'Nai B'rith --- money intended to rebuild burned black churches in the South.
Sentencing is set for March 31. In the federal case, sentencing was set for June
18. Those charges carry a total possible sentence of 75 years and hefty fines.
Under sentencing guidelines, however, he would face a much shorter prison term.
Defense attorneys estimated he would serve 70 to 87 months in prison. Lyons must
pay back victims, forfeit his assets and property with the exception of the home
he shares with his wife and her car, and pay the IRS taxes, interest and
penalties for failing to report $ 1.3 million in taxable income in 1995 and
1996.

LOAD-DATE: March 19, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Today's News

                    Copyright 1999 The Atlanta Constitution

                             476 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                           Greeley Tribune, Colorado

                           November 27, 2005, Sunday

Laws will target mortgage fraud

BYLINE: By Sharon Dunn

LENGTH: 532 words



With mortgage and real estate fraud sweeping Colorado, residents should expect
some changes on the horizon.

Colorado Attorney General John Suthers formed a task force this summer to deal
with the issues in the wake of skyrocketing numbers of foreclosures and
complaints from those in the industry.

"Something we've seen a real increase on in the last couple of years is
something we don't have sufficient laws on, and that's foreclosure rescue
scams," Suthers said.

Those can include people coming to your door to help, offering to pay off the
indebtedness if people quit claim their properties in return. Typically, people
do it to stay in their homes while the "saviors" jack up their rent and
eventually evict the residents.

"That's become a huge problem," Suthers said.

By January, legislators could be discussing several bills in an effort to stop
the problem.

--The Department of Regulatory Agencies will push a bill to register mortgage
brokers in Colorado and force them to post a $ 100,000 bond.

--Mortgage brokers may push a bill to license brokers. But, Suthers warns, even
licensure may not stop the problem.

"Colorado is eighth in mortgage fraud incidence, but the other seven states all
have licensed mortgage brokers," Suthers said.

--The AG's task force on mortgage and foreclosure fraud may recommend a bill
that would require any agreements to help someone with a foreclosure be done in
writing, and require a cooling off period where someone can back out of any
agreement.

--The Colorado Bar Association and Colorado Realtors Association may push a bill
to streamline the foreclosure process by consolidating the redemption period and
the cure period, and extending the period from 60 to 130 days to cure the
problem.

Suthers has traveled across the state to discuss residents' concerns about
mortgage and foreclosure fraud. If there's any one overriding theme, he said,
it's that there's a massive lack of education.

"We have to do a better job of public education," Suthers said. "Everyone cannot
qualify for a fixed-rate, 30-year mortgage at a prime rate. People who can't do
that need to understand that these subprime products carry a lot of risk. And,
we've got to make examples of the baddest actors and get them out of business."


MORTGAGE FUND:

--Colorado has the eighth-highest mortgage fraud incidence rate per capita in
the nation behind Georgia, Nevada, Florida, South Carolina, Utah, California and
Illinois.

--In 2004, mortgage fraud reports to the FBI were 2.5 times higher than 2003.

--The FBI has identified Colorado as one of the top 10 mortgage fraud hot spots
in the nation.

--Colorado has the second-highest rates of adjustable-rate and interest-only
mortgages in the nation.

Source: Colorado Attorney General's office


-----

To see more of the Greeley Tribune, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.greeleytribune.com.

Copyright (c) 2005, Greeley Tribune, Colo.

Distributed by Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News.

For information on republishing this content, contact us at (800) 661-2511
(U.S.), (213) 237-4914 (worldwide), fax (213) 237-6515, or e-mail
reprints@krtinfo.com.

LOAD-DATE: November 28, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

KR-ACC-NO: GY-MORTGAGE-FRAUD-20051127

JOURNAL-CODE: GY

               Copyright 2005 Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News
                    Copyright 2005 Greeley Tribune, Colorado

                             477 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     High Point Enterprise (North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            March 4, 2009 Wednesday

Triad cities land near top 10 of fraud watchlist

BYLINE: Darrick Ignasiak, High Point Enterprise, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 404 words


Mar. 4--DAVIDSON COUNTY -- A Federal Trade Commission study has ranked the
Thomasville-Lexington Micropolitan Statistical Area as 11th in the nation in the
number of fraud and other related consumer complaints in 2008.

The study, which was released last week, stated the Thomasville-Lexington
Micropolitan Statistical Area recorded 642 complaints per 100,000 population on
1,003 complaints.

Napa, Calif., had the highest average with 859.8 complaints per 100,000
population on 1,148 complaints.

Thomasville police Maj. Tim Driggers said he was surprised to see the
Thomasville-Lexington Micropolitan Statistical area ranked high on the list. He
said fraud by false pretense charges were down in 2008 when compared to 2007.

Judd Rousseau, chief fraud officer with Identity Theft 911, said the Federal
Trade Commission fraud study compiled a list of fraud complaints and not just
victims. Identity Theft 911 is a company that works with victims of fraud to
help fix their situations, Rousseau said.

"I think the numbers support that fraud is still a growing concern in the United
States," he said. "If you look at the FTC numbers, 65 percent of them did not
file a police report. With the economy getting worse, we made a prediction early
in the year that we felt like the numbers are getting worse. This report has
come out and it shows that the amount of fraud victimization is up about 20
percent."

According to data from the study, the Thomasville-Lexington Micropolitan
Statistical Area ranked sixth in the number of identity theft related complaints
with 279.7 per 100,000 population on 437 complaints.

Meanwhile, the Brownsville-Harlington, Texas, Metropolitan Statistical Area
ranked first with 366.8 complaints per 100,000 on 1,422 complaints.

The figures were compiled in the Federal Trade Commission's Consumer Sentinel
Network Data Book for 2008.

According to the Federal Trade Commission study, the network is a secure online
database of millions of consumer complaints available only to law enforcement.

To see more of the High Point Enterprise, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go
to http://www.hpe.com. Copyright (c) 2009, High Point Enterprise, N.C.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: March 5, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090304-HP-Triad-cities-land-near-top-10-of-fraud-watchlist-0304

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HP


                      Copyright 2009 High Point Enterprise

                             478 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                               September 15, 1986

Mortgage Fraud Said Possible to Deal With

SECTION: Pg. 14

LENGTH: 748 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Mortgage fraud, estimated to be involved in as much as 30% of all residential
foreclosures, is controllable, a former criminal investigator who has turned his
energies to finance said here last week.

What's required, said Cecil Rhodes, president of the San Jose, Calif.-based
National Investigative Agency, is a concerted effort by lenders to train their
staffs to recognize potential rip-offs and prosecute the offenders.

Mr. Rhodes also told the National Council of Savings Institutions' national
mortgage conference that the impetus for a more effective fraud prevention
program must come from senior executives if it is to succeed.

"It's an educational function that starts at the top," he said.  "CEOs must
understand the prevalence of the problem."

He also warned that mortgage insurers and government agencies are no longer
willing to foot the bill for claims arising from fraud.

"Insurers are just not going to pay for fraud anymore, and neither are
government and private investors," he said.

Inevitably and increasingly, the losses of fraud caused defaults are being
exclusively redirected in the direction of originating lenders.

"Given that it can take one to four years for a problem loan to surface, there
could be a long freight train of trouble heading for some lenders."

Mr. Rhodes spent much of his presentation documenting the scope and nature of
the fraud problems facing the industry.

Since he formed NIA in 1982, he said, the agency has followed "twisting trails
of deceit, non-existent persons and attempts at cover-ups that amazed us with
their cleverness."

The prevalence of fraud, he added, is "a heck of a lot more common than the
available statistics show."

Of the 5,000 cases NIA has investigated for lender and insurer clients, he said,
fraud has been documented in 80% and suspected but not provable in much of the
other 20%.

Based on first-quarter statistics, he estimated that private mortgage insurers
would pay as much as $ 300 million this year alone in claims attributable
directly to fraud.

He also attributed to fraud about one-third of the $ 1.7 billion that was paid
out by the VA's guaranty fund between 1977 and 1985.

And he warned that "the crooks won't ease up.  The money's too good and the
system as it is now is beatable."

Frauds who ran scams in Southern California in the late 1970s, he added, are now
operating in Texas, Oklahoma, Utah, Florida, Michigan, Pennsylvania and New
Jersey.

Mr. Rhodes said fraud usually comes in two varieties, the orchestrated scheme
and the isolated incident, and added that any number of organized plots can be
strung together to make the swindle even more difficult to recognize.

"Man's creativity knows no bounds when it comes to chicanery," said the
investigator.  "Crooks seem to get more accomplished all the time."

During his presentation, he played a video tape of an interview with a former
California loan broker who was serving four years in a state prison for real
estate mortgage fraud.

The broker described 40 different schemes, and Mr. Rhodes said the 15 people she
identified as being involved in the plots are still working at their regular
real estate-oriented jobs.

On the tape, the broker told of paying appraisers twice their actual fees to
value properties they never saw and create fraudulent tax returns, employment
records, gift records, and even people.

The convicted loan broker also said it was more difficult to get a legitimate
home buyer approved for a mortgage than a fraudulent one.  "I can do three
frauds as easily as I can do one legitimate buyer," she claimed.

And she said that it would take only 60 to 90 days for her to begin closing
fraudulent loans in an area that was totally new to her.

Mr. Rhodes blamed competitive pressures as well as the mortgage origination
system itself for the fraudulent practices he thought were only a short-term
problem when he went into business for himself six years ago.

For one thing, he said, lenders have paid too much attention to volume and not
enough attention to procedures.

"They're more interested in form rather than substance," he explained.

Also, with lenders becoming more and more distant from their borrowers, it's
"easier than ever to perpetuate a fraud," he said.

"Years ago, when I applied for my first mortgage, I sat across the desk from a
loan officer who knew both my dad and me personally.  Now, with streamlined,
automated originations, borrowers don't even have to exist."

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1986 National Thrift News, Inc.

                             479 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                            October 29, 2010 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

First fraud case emerges from BP oil spill;
Prosecutors say oyster shucker's claim is a bluff

BYLINE: Donna Leinwand

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 495 words


After fielding hundreds of fraud complaints from the Deepwater Horizon oil
spill, federal prosecutors filed the first spill-related criminal charges this
week against a North Carolina woman whom they allege pretended to be an
unemployed oyster shucker to claim lost wages.

The National Center for Disaster Fraud in Baton Rouge has logged about 1,000
complaints since the Deepwater Horizon rig exploded April 20 in the Gulf of
Mexico, says U.S. Attorney Jim Letten, who oversees the center.

The complaints have led to hundreds of investigations into businesses demanding
advance fees to help oil spill victims file claims or train for oil spill
cleanup jobs, and into dubious charities soliciting donations to rescue wildlife
or restore Gulf Coast habitat, Letten says.

"With the increasing number of cases under investigation, there will be charges
coming down the road," he says. "We know there are viable investigations out
there."

Fraud hurts the credibility of the Gulf Coast claims process, claims
administrator Kenneth Feinberg says.

"If eligible claimants or the public believe that the program is ripe for fraud,
we'll receive claims without merit that tie up the system, that divert badly
needed funds from worthy victims to criminals, and the entire program will
suffer," Feinberg says. "There are scores of suspicious claims that we have sent
or are sending to the Department of Justice."

In the first investigation to produce a criminal charge, prosecutors say
Charlotte Johnson, of Fayetteville, N.C., used a fake name to claim $15,500 in
lost wages. Prosecutors charged her with wire fraud Monday in a federal court in
North Carolina, a charge that can carry up to 20 years in prison, court papers
say.

Johnson told claims processors at the Gulf Coast Claims Facility that she had
lost her job at the P&J Oyster Company in New Orleans because of the Deepwater
Horizon oil spill, court papers say. P&J Oyster President Alfred Sunseri told
investigators the woman never worked at the company, court records show. Johnson
allegedly fabricated a driver's license, a termination letter and an eviction
notice to support her claim.

The federal public defenders office, which represented Johnson, declined to
comment.

The National Center for Disaster Fraud, created in September 2005 to handle
fraud complaints after Hurricane Katrina, has processed more than 40,000
complaints from 60 natural and man-made disasters, including Hurricane Rita, the
Gulf of Mexico spill and floods in the Midwest, Letten says. Many of the
disasters generate similar types of fraud, such as fraudulent assistance claims,
identity theft and fake charities. Investigators are especially alert to public
corruption, he says, such as elected officials steering city or state contracts
to friends or accepting kickbacks.

Assistant Attorney General Lanny Breuer calls prosecuting disaster fraud "a high
priority."

"We're simply not going to tolerate criminals preying on disaster victims," he
says.

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2010 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             480 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Hartford Courant

                           January 19, 2017 Thursday
                                   1 Edition

Money Diverted

BYLINE: JORDAN OTERO SISSON

SECTION: CONNECTICUT; B; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 637  words


Farmington is not the only American government agency to lose millions to a
cyber fraud scheme that law enforcement officials believe has ties to China.

Similar thefts of municipal money have been reported in other towns and cities
across the country, including in Sedgwick County, Kansas, and El Paso, Texas,
and at the Community College System of New Hampshire.

In each case, the funds disappeared last fall when a payment was made via the
Automated Clearing House Network to an existing contractor for a project. Police
are investigating whether the cases are linked.

In October, Farmington lost more than $2 million after the ACH Network it used
to make a payment for a major town project was fraudulently manipulated by a
China-based network, town and local officials said. Federal and local police are
investigating the theft.

Town Manager Kathleen Eagen described the ACH Network as an "industry standard"
for making payments at all levels of government.

The network "moves more than $40 trillion and nearly 23 billion electronic
financial transactions, and currently supports more than 90 percent of the total
value of all electronic payments in the U.S.," according to the National
Automated Clearing House Association website.

Finance Director Joe Swetcky said that an ACH payment is similar to a wire
transfer. However, rather than the money going directly to the payee's account,
it is held for 24 hours, then sorted out appropriately by an intermediary
financial institution.

Anyone can use the ACH Network to initiate a direct deposit or direct payment
transaction, according to the NACHA website. Uses include direct deposit of
payroll checks, government and Social Security benefits, mortgage and bill
payments and online banking payments, it says.

According to the 2016 Association for Financial Professionals Payment and Fraud
Control Survey, ACH payments are the method least impacted by fraud. Criminals
need a customer's credentials, as well as ACH files in the originator's name, to
accomplish ACH fraud, the survey said.

In its 2016 Report to the Nations on Occupational Fraud and Abuse, the
Association of Certified Fraud Experts found that government and public
administration is the second most common industry to fall victim to fraud,
second to banking and financial services.

However, the report states that local, state and federal governments accounted
for approximately the same amount of fraud cases, at about 30 percent each.

The report indicates that the highest median losses in 2016 occurred at the
federal level; the median loss at the federal level was $196,000. Losses at the
state and local level were significantly smaller, at $100,000 and $80,000
respectively.

The ACFE offers a fraud prevention checklist, which presents suggestions for
reducing fraud. These include antifraud training, effective fraud reporting and
fraud risk assessments.

Farmington has implemented new procedures for using the ACH system, local
officials said. Those measures include a new limit on payments made through the
system.

The town will also independently verify all information on all submitted ACH
paperwork, such as banking and contact information. Additionally, all ACH forms
must be approved by two people in the town's finance office.

"We're putting more checks and balances into the system," Swetcky said.

Eagen said the town has hired a fraud assessment expert to review all town
financial controls and to make recommendations, an information technology
consultant to identify areas of weakness and apply safeguards, and a
cybersecurity firm that will create training materials for town staff.

"Any good fraud scheme keeps adapting," Farmington police Chief Paul Melanson
said. "The bigger problem is cybersecurity and frauds in general. We're not only
reviewing ACH, but everything else we do in this town."

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2017 The Hartford Courant Company
                              All Rights Reserved

                             481 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             July 21, 2005 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

Spitzer Makes Push for New Laws to Help Punish Medicaid Fraud

BYLINE: By MICHAEL LUO

SECTION: Section B; Column 1; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 521 words


Attorney General Eliot Spitzer called on state lawmakers yesterday to return to
Albany to pass two bills that he said were urgently needed to help prosecute
fraud in the state's Medicaid system.

In a letter to Senate Majority Leader Joseph L. Bruno and Assembly Speaker
Sheldon Silver, Mr. Spitzer said the state needed a false claims act, which
would increase civil penalties for fraud and encourage whistle-blowers, along
with another law that would create a new category of crimes specific to health
care. He said he had urged the passage of such bills in the past without
success.

''Now with attention focused on the issue would be an opportune time for the
Senate and the Assembly to embrace them,'' he said, referring to two articles
published this week in The New York Times that said billions of dollars were
potentially being squandered in New York's $44.5 billion Medicaid program
because of fraud, waste and profiteering.

On Tuesday, in reaction to the findings, Gov. George E. Pataki announced plans
to overhaul Medicaid's oversight system through an executive order creating an
independent inspector general's office to focus on fraud.

In a telephone interview, Mr. Spitzer applauded the governor's proposal.

The false claims act, which is modeled after a federal version of the law, has
two main provisions. The first allows the state to sue a Medicaid thief for
triple the amount that was stolen, which Mr. Spitzer said would be a boon for
financial recoveries to the state. The second allows whistle-blowers to be
awarded part of the money won by the state.

Mr. Spitzer said many other large states, including California, Texas and
Florida, already had such a law.

The other statute being pushed by Mr. Spitzer, called the Health Care Fraud Act,
would make it easier for prosecutors to charge thieves, he said.

Representatives for both Mr. Bruno and Mr. Silver sidestepped questions
yesterday about whether they would take up Mr. Spitzer's suggestions.

Mr. Bruno's office announced that the Senate would hold statewide hearings this
fall on how to reduce Medicaid fraud.

John E. McArdle, a spokesman for Mr. Bruno, used the opportunity to press for a
different Medicaid fraud bill the Senate passed earlier this year that has been
rejected by the Assembly.

The measure would create an inspector general's office similar to the one
proposed by Mr. Pataki, but take away some of the authority currently vested in
the attorney general's office to prosecute Medicaid fraud. Mr. McArdle said that
was a more important goal in the battle against fraud than Mr. Spitzer's bills.

''If the Assembly wants to take up our Medicaid fraud bill, we'll be back in 48
hours,'' Mr. McArdle said.

But Charles Carrier, a spokesman for Mr. Silver, said that the Senate's bill was
flawed in how it sought to ''recreate the wheel.'' Mr. Carrier said Assembly
members were discussing Mr. Spitzer's proposals but also wanted to look at other
parts of the system that needed improvement.

''There's been important information that's come out recently,'' Mr. Carrier
said. ''We want to assess everything in that light.''


URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2005 The New York Times Company

                             482 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                            January 30, 1995, Monday

INSURERS CHOOSE THE 10 WORST INSURANCE SCAMS OF LAST YEAR

BYLINE: MARGO D. BELLER; Journal of Commerce Staff

SECTION: INSURANCE, Pg. 9A

LENGTH: 566 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


This is one top 10 David Letterman hasn't run yet.

This top 10 involves the worst insurance frauds in 1994 and the winner (or
loser, if you prefer) is the killing of show horses to collect on insurance
policies valued at $ 25,000 and up, according to the second annual "Top Ten" ist
issued Friday by the Coalition Against Insurance Fraud.

"The primary purpose of this list is to summarize the types of scams that are
out there and call attention to the egregiousness of insurance fraud and the
many ways that it can be committed," said Michael E. Diegel, a spokesman for the
Washington-based coalition. "These are heinous, large-scale frauds."

The coalition represents a myriad of interests including consumers, government
agencies, insurance regulators and insurance companies.

These 10 frauds cost insurance companies about $ 150 million, which is then
passed on to consumers, said Mr. Diegel. "Our best estimate of fraud is that in
1992, the latest year we have figures, the cost was $ 67.7 billion in claims
fraud alone. But we have no way of knowing yet how much insurer fraud is out
there."

In the case of the horse killings, the scheme had allegedly been going on since
the 1950s, and led to indictments of 23 people last July in Chicago connected
with the murder of millionaire Helen Brach, heir to the candy fortune. Seventeen
of the 23 indicted pleaded guilty, and six await trial.

The No. 2 fraud was Dr. John Rende, a 38-year-old Florida dentist, who agreed to
allow two brothers to cut off one of his fingers with an ax and claim it was an
accident. He collected a $ 1.3 million lump sum through one brother's homeowner
policy and also filed under his practice's disability policy.

He then used some of the money to buy a boat he named the "Minus One."

Completing the list are:

* A man who set up a phony labor union to sell health insurance from Empire Blue
Cross and Blue Shield in New York that resulted in more than 8,000 consumers
paying $ 43 million in premiums for worthless policies. Insurers for more than
600 agents have been paying out settlements.

* A man indicted in Alabama on 35 fraud-related counts including siphoning at
least $ 30 million in premiums and passing them through a network of offshore
insurers and reinsurers.

* A San Diego eye surgeon indicted on 217 counts of bilking Medicare and private
insurers $ 20.8 million for unnecessary operations on mostly elderly patients.

* A man convicted of 27 counts of conspiracy, money laundering and fraud after
he used St. Louis-based Bel-Aire Insurance Co. to bilk policyholders out of
about $ 43.5 million over six yea rs.

* A Fort Myers, Fla., man who pled guilty for his role in a multi-state
insurance fraud case involving the diversion at least $ 7 million in truckers'
liability insurance premiums.

* A retired Florida couple convicted of conning workers compensation and a
physician's malpractice insurer out of $ 3 million after he claimed surgery for
a work-related back injury had been botched and he was incapacitated. The couple
was later videotaped dancing.

* A Boston chiropractor and his wife charged with 36 counts of inflated claims
worth an estimated $ 2 million.

* Georgia officials arrested 57 people in two counties on 258 counts of
insurance fraud. At least 150 false or inflated claims were filed with 15
insurers and cost more than $ 1 million.

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1995 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.

                             483 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                January 30, 1993, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

COMPANY NEWS;
Ex-Officers Of Phar-Mor Are Accused

BYLINE: By KENNETH N. GILPIN

SECTION: Section 1; Page 37; Column 6; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 380 words


A Federal grand jury accused three former executives of Phar-Mor Inc. yesterday
of fraud and embezzlement in a $499 million scheme the discount drugstore chain
uncovered last July.

The grand jury indicted Michael Monus, former president and chief operating
officer, on 129 counts of fraud and conspiracy.

Two other Phar-Mor officials, Patrick B. Finn, the former chief financial
officer, and Jeffrey C. Walley, who was vice president of finance, were charged
with 14 and 4 criminal counts, respectively.

That Mr. Finn and Mr. Walley were charged rather than indicted indicated that
they were cooperating with the Government and might ultimately plead guilty to a
shorter list of crimes.

The indictment and the charges were handed up in Cleveland by the United States
Attorney's office for the Northern District of Ohio.

Mr. Monus was indicted on two counts of bank fraud, 4 counts of wire fraud, 2
counts of filing false income tax returns, a count of conspiracy and 118 counts
of money laundering.

He is accused of falsifying Phar-Mor financial documents to inflate the
company's apparent worth, and of using that data to obtain more than $1.1
billion worth of loans and investments.

Mr. Finn was charged with a total of 14 counts, including 2 counts of bank
fraud, 2 counts of mail fraud, 3 counts of wire fraud and 5 counts of money
laundering.

Charges Facing Mr. Walley

Mr. Walley faces four criminal charges, including one count of aiding and
abetting bank fraud and one count of aiding and abetting wire fraud.

Last week, Phar-Mor raised the estimate of the embezzlement scheme to $499
million from an initial estimate of $350 million.

The company said then that the fraud involved improper or overvalued inventory,
invalid or uncollectible accounts receivable, underestimates of liabilities and
improperly claimed or valued assets.

Phar-Mor filed for protection under Chapter 11 of the Federal Bankruptcy Code on
Aug. 17, shortly after news of the scheme was made public.

In a statement yesterday, the company said it was "pleased" with the indictments
and charges filed against its former executives.

If convicted on all counts, Mr. Monus faces a maximum jail sentence of more than
1,000 years and fines of tens of millions of dollars.

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1993 The New York Times Company

                             484 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Bakersfield Californian

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 22, 2014 Tuesday

BRIEF: Farmer faces up to 30 years in prison following convictions

BYLINE: Steven Mayer, The Bakersfield Californian

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 87 words


April 22--FRESNO -- A federal jury found Julie Farmer guilty of multiple fraud
charges Tuesday in the only trial to result from the massive Crisp & Cole
mortgage fraud ring that rocked Bakersfield.

Farmer was found guilty of one count each of conspiracy to commit wire fraud;
conspiracy to commit mail fraud; and conspiracy to commit bank fraud.

___ (c)2014 The Bakersfield Californian (Bakersfield, Calif.) Visit The
Bakersfield Californian (Bakersfield, Calif.) at www.bakersfield.com Distributed
by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: April 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20140422-BK-BRF-Farmer-faces-up-to-30-years-in-prison-following-convictions-0422
-20140422

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BK


                   Copyright 2014 The Bakersfield Californian

                             485 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                            April 12, 2008 Saturday

Mortgage-fraud crackdown

BYLINE: Jasen Lee Deseret News

LENGTH: 535 words


The state of Utah is ramping up its efforts to target the increasing problem of
mortgage fraud, and Gov. Jon M. Huntsman Jr. Friday signed into law two measures
aimed at punishing those who engage in such fraud.

Senate Bill 134 establishes definitions for criminal activity involving fraud,
including making mortgage fraud a crime, as well as establishing penalties.
House Bill 346 addresses fines and disciplinary actions that may be imposed on
individuals involved in illegal real-estate activity. The measures come as
mortgage fraud has been identified by some economists as a factor in the current
housing downturn that has swept the nation and weakened the economy.

"You could make the argument that mortgage fraud and mortgage deals of various
kinds are at the heart of our national economic downturn," Huntsman said. "This
legislation defines mortgage fraud so that prosecutors can pursue any
perpetrator of fraudulent activity and hold them accountable."

Mark Steinagel, director of the state Division of Real Estate, said the new laws
will give the state the tools needed to target one of the top crimes currently
plaguing Utah.

Steinagel said the state developed a mortgage fraud task force this past fall,
and these new laws will bolster their efforts. The Senate bill provides funds
for a mortgage-fraud prosecutor within the attorney general's office, he said.

Steinagel said his division will target the worst offenders first, to "shut them
down, put them in prison and get the message out that this is unacceptable."

The division will also work in conjunction with local prosecutors and law
enforcement to expand their reach and make as big an impact as possible, he
added.

In addition to the prosecutor, Steinagel said, the division was also budgeted a
fraud investigator, who will work with the mortgage-fraud task force.

He said the penalties imposed on those convicted will be based on the amount of
financial gain the perpetrator received through the fraudulent activity and
include automatic revocation of any state certified lincensure. He noted that
criminal penalties will include fines ranging from $2,500 for a misdemeanor up
to $10,000 for someone convicted of a second degree felony.

Individuals could also be sentenced to as much as fifteen years in prison for a
major offense. House Bill 346 increased the penalties for violation of the
state's licensing laws, he said.

The laws will go into effect May 6, while funding for the new personnel will be
available at the start of the new fiscal year, on July 1.

Last year, Utah ranked fifth nationwide for mortgage fraud according to the 2007
annual report by the Mortgage Asset Research Institute for the Mortgage Bankers
Association. The report stated that the most common types of fraud included
misstating income or employment history and falsifying financial information.
The top state for mortgage fraud was Florida, followed Nevada, Michigan,
California and Utah.

"Fraud was a contributing factor to the housing bubble," Steinagel said. "As a
governmental body, we can't solve all of the reasons for the challenges in the
housing market. Our job is to regulate the industry and take action against the
bad actors." E-mail: jlee@desnews.com

LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2008 The Deseret News Publishing Co.

                             486 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

             September 16, 2000, Saturday, 0 South Pinellas Edition

Minnesota tutor charged with fraud

SOURCE: Compiled from Wire Reports

SECTION: SPORTS; COLLEGE BASKETBALL; Pg. 5C

LENGTH: 777 words

DATELINE: MINNEAPOLIS; BLOOMINGTON, Ind.



A former tutor who did more than 400 pieces of coursework for Minnesota players
was charged Friday with a single federal felony count of financial aid fraud.

The charge was signed by Joshua Hochberg, the acting chief of the fraud section
at the Justice Department, and Mark McConnell, an attorney with the fraud
section who has been supervising the case.

Several newspapers and TV stations have reported the charge is part of a plea
bargain in which Jan Gangelhoff agreed to testify against ex-coach Clem Haskins
and the program's former academic adviser, Alonzo Newby. In exchange for her
testimony, Gangelhoff would receive no jail time.

Gangelhoff and her attorney, Jim Lord, declined comment.

Gangelhoff is the first person charged with a criminal offense in the wake of
the scandal. In the charge, she's accused of "knowingly and willfully"
committing fraud by "fraudulently preparing and submitting academic coursework"
for a player, making him eligible to enroll at the university and enabling him
to obtain a federally financed Pell Grant during the 1995-96 school year.

While the charge did not name the player, several reports identify him as Bobby
Jackson, who plays for the Sacramento Kings.

The amount of grant money in question is $ 2,900, WCCO-TV reported Friday.

Gangelhoff, a former office manager of the university's academic counseling
unit, said she did the coursework for as many as 20 players from 1993 until
early 1998. She resigned in 1998 after university officials accused her of
improperly helping a player with a paper.

She went public with her allegations in March 1999, sparking a university
investigation that led to the ouster of Haskins and other athletics officials,
as well as self-imposed sanctions by the university and an investigation by the
NCAA. The NCAA's decision on additional sanctions is pending.

Gangelhoff's case has been assigned to chief U.S. District Judge Paul Magnuson
in St. Paul. Her first court appearance was expected next week.

Federal investigators are considering more than a dozen felony counts against
both Haskins and Newby, WCCO-TV reported.

The Star Tribune reported that federal investigators do not intend to bring any
charges against any student-athletes involved in the scandal.

Monday, the university sued Haskins to recover the $ 1.5-million it paid to buy
out his contract, saying the coach lied when he denied giving $ 3,000 to
Gangelhoff and that he told players to mislead investigators after the scandal
broke. Haskins' attorney, Ron Meshbesher, has said the university's allegations
are false.

WCCO reported earlier that key witnesses will testify before a federal grand
jury in Minneapolis next week, including Gangelhoff and her sister, Jeanne
Payer, who also was a tutor at the university, and Jackson.

Peg Brand pleads

for end to threats

BLOOMINGTON, Ind. - Indiana University president Myles Brand and his wife have
been living in fear, driven from their campus home since the firing of coach Bob
Knight.

Peg Brand, wife of Myles Brand and a philosophy professor at the school, pleaded
for an end to threats against her family and others linked to Knight's firing.

"I have been forced to teach my class with a policeman at my side," she said.
"This is not right."

Sunday night, more than 2,000 students marched in protest of Knight's dismissal,
burning effigies and knocking over light poles outside the president's campus
residence. The Brands have also received threatening e-mails.

"You can imagine how a victim feels when a large group gathers and starts
demonstrating like they did Sunday," campus police Lt. Jerry Minger said. "Any
rational human being would have fear after that."

He said an officer is staying at the home.

Reacting to the firing, Indiana's trustees adopted an 11-page code of conduct
requiring coaches and athletes to treat others with dignity and respect.

And the two members of Knight's final recruiting class are considering other
schools because the coach was fired, according to one's father and the other's
junior college coach.

High school star Sean Kline of Huntington, Ind., and Kei Madison of Iowa Western
Community College, were the only two who orally committed to attend Indiana next
year.

MICHIGAN: Kevin Gaines pleaded innocent to a drunken driving charge that
contributed to his dismissal from the team. Gaines and two incoming Wolverines,
Avery Queen and Bernard Robinson Jr., were arraigned in Taylor, Mich., on
charges of disorderly intoxication and being minors in possession of alcohol.
Gaines also pleaded innocent to a charge of operating a motor vehicle under the
influence of alcohol.


LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO; Clem Haskins

TYPE: DIGEST

                    Copyright 2000 Times Publishing Company

                             487 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                     February 18, 1994 Friday FINAL EDITION

3 WHO RAN SCHOOL CHARGED WITH FRAUD / THEY OFFERED CLASSES IN STARTING A
TAX-HELP BUSINESS. THEY'RE ACCUSED OF TAKING MONEY, GIVING ILLEGAL ADVICE.

BYLINE: Joseph A. Slobodzian, INQUIRER STAFF WRITER

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B03

LENGTH: 525 words


The owners of a Center City business that purported to teach people how to help
property owners reduce their real-estate taxes were indicted on fraud charges
yesterday by a federal grand jury.

Not only did Frederick L. Deratto, Steve R. Adams and Robert M. Cohn pocket most
of the $2.5 million in fees they received from 400 aspiring "associates" of
their Lear McNally Inc., according to the 30-count indictment, but the knowledge
they imparted during their two-day seminars was either impractical or illegal in
many parts of the country.

Joel H. Slomsky, the attorney for Deratto, 54, of Bristol, declined comment on
the charges, as did Jack L. Gruenstein, the attorney for Adams, 36, of Bensalem.
Cohn, 53, of Santa Fe, N.M., could not be reached for comment.

The three men were charged with six counts of mail fraud and six counts of wire
fraud. Deratto and Adams were also charged with seven counts of fraudulently
inducing persons to travel in interstate commerce and 10 counts of money
laundering.

The indictment also seeks the forfeiture of $1.69 million from Deratto and
Adams. If the money cannot be obtained from the pair, the indictment says,
Deratto should be forced to give up property up to that amount. The indictment
identifies as Deratto property eligible for forfeiture four properties in
Bristol, two in Boca Raton, Fla., and four in Palm Beach, Fla., as well as a
67-foot boat called the Barchrisda and a 37-foot vessel named My Vice.

According to the indictment, the three men operated Lear McNally Inc. from July
1987 through June 1990 from offices at 260 S. Broad St. in Center City.

Advertising in such national publications as the Wall Street Journal and Money
magazine, Lear McNally promised that, for fees ranging from $5,900 to $8,900, it
would instruct its "associates" on how to operate their own profitable
businesses advising property owners how to reduce their real-estate taxes.

After completing the two-day course, the indictment alleged, associates were
promised three years of "unlimited" technical support from Lear McNally to help
get their businesses going. Associates could earn $20,000 to $40,000 annually
working part time and $100,000 annually working full time, they were promised.

Instead, the indictment alleges, the three men drained the company and only gave
refunds to those associates who complained the most about the failure of the
tax-abatement business to live up to Lear McNally's promises.

Assistant U.S. Attorney Ann Campbell Flannery said that before opening Lear
McNally, the trio operated a company called Prescott Forbes from the same
address, promising to teach people how to make money investing in distressed
properties.

Flannery said that business closed after reaching a settlement agreement with
the Pennsylvania attorney general's office. The indictment alleges that the
three men hid their affiliation with Prescott Forbes by removing the Forbes sign
from the office, telling people there was no connection between the two
companies, "and by lying to the Better Business Bureau about the owners and
officers of Lear McNally."

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1994 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved

                             488 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                             July 11, 2015 Saturday

FBI Seeking Potential Victims of Gold Investment Scheme

LENGTH: 287  words


On June 23, 2015, Melvin Palmer was indicted in the United States District Court
for the District of Arizona, on 40 counts of conspiracy, wire fraud, mail fraud,
and aggravated identity theft stemming from a gold investment scheme. The
investigation was conducted by FBI Phoenix and is still an ongoing matter.
Potential victims of this scheme have been identified in Arizona, Colorado,
Florida, Georgia, Hawaii, Kentucky, Massachusetts, Minnesota, Nevada, Oregon,
Pennsylvania, South Carolina, South Dakota, Texas, Virginia, Washington,
Wyoming, and Canada.


The indictment alleges that from approximately December 2001 to December 2013,
Melvin Palmer defrauded approximately 76 investor-victims of approximately $2.7
million in a high-yield investment scheme by falsely claiming that the
investment funds were collateralized by valuable gold material, including gold
bars and unrefined gold concentrate. The gold material was alleged to be stored
in high-security warehouses located in Arizona and New Mexico. Palmer is alleged
to have diverted the majority of the purported investment funds to pay for his
own personal living expenses.
Melvin Palmer is an Arizona resident who operated a Nevada Corporation called
Jazarco International Trust LLC. Jazarco had mailing addresses in Apache
Junction and Mesa, Arizona. Palmer's associate, Steve Cameron, is a California
resident and is named in Jazarco business documents as "Associate Trustee and
Associate Manager."
The FBI is seeking to identify further victims of this gold investment scheme.
If you have invested funds with Jazarco, Melvin Palmer, please send an e-mail to
pxfraud@ic.fbi.gov or call the FBI Phoenix Field Office at 623-466-1999. 2015
Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: July 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             489 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

             September 26, 1985, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

VOTE FRAUD JURY IS PROTESTED

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section B; Page 11, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 310 words

DATELINE: TUSCALOOSA, Ala., Sept. 25


An all-white jury was selected today for the trial of Spiver Gordon and
Frederick Daniels, two black political leaders accused of mail and vote fraud in
connection with the use of absentee ballots in a 1984 Greene County Democratic
primary.

Defense attorneys asked for a mistrial after prosecutors used peremptory
challenges to eliminate the six blacks in a pool of 47 prospective jurors. But
Federal District Judge E. B. Haltom Jr. rejected the motion.

Lewis Mr. Pitts, a defense lawyer who specializes in civil rights cases, said
prosecutors were exercising their right to challenge prospective jurors to
insure that no blacks would be seated.

''The Government had six strikes,'' Mr. Pitts said. ''They exercised all six
strikes against six black jurors.''

United States Attorney Frank Donaldson of Birmingham declined to comment.

Opening statements in the trial were scheduled for Thursday.

Mr. Gordon, longtime head of the Southern Christian Leadership Conference in the
county, was indicted on 37 counts of vote and mail fraud, but the Government
dropped 14 of those charges Monday. Mr. Daniels, a nursing home employee from
Eutaw, was charged with 10 counts of vote fraud.

Black jurors in the trials of two other Greene County residents in similar cases
held out for acquittals, causing mistrials. James Colvin, Mayor of Union, and
Bobbie Nell Simpson of Forkland are to be retried. The dates have not been set.

Greene County is one of five mainly black west-central Alabama counties where
the Justice Department investigated voting practices. The charges concern the
mailing and filing of absentee ballots and ballot applications.

The trial of Bessie J. Underwood, 31, of Eutaw, is scheduled for Oct. 15 in
Birmingham.

In July, a Federal jury at Selma, acquitted three blacks who were indicted after
the Justice Department investigation.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1985 The New York Times Company

                             490 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald-Tribune (Florida)

                             June 18, 2005 Saturday
                                SARASOTA EDITION

Local fraud case in the spotlight

BYLINE: By LATISHA GRAY latisha.gray@heraldtribune.com

SECTION: B SECTION; Pg. BS5

LENGTH: 536 words

DATELINE: SARASOTA


A local lawyer accused of fraudulently collecting more than $130,000 in
insurance benefits made the list of the state's top 10 fraud cases earlier this
week.

The list also includes a man who sold fake vehicle insurance cards for money and
a homeowner who lied about hurricane damage.

Peter W. Martin, 58, of Sarasota, claimed a 2002 automobile accident left him
unable to work due to headaches, back pain, depression and shortness of breath.
An investigation, however, found that he continued to practice law in Florida
and New York. The Sarasota trial lawyer could face up to 15 years in prison if
convicted.

"I'm not a doctor, and our detectives are not doctors," said Nina Banister,
spokeswoman for the state Department of Financial Services. "But (Martin) was
doing things he told his insurance company he could not do. ... You don't get
benefits just for being hurt, it's because you can't work."

The department released the list in conjunction with the 14th annual Florida
Insurance Fraud Education Council Conference, which was held this week in
Orlando. Fraud investigators and prosecutors learned about the latest schemes
during the three-day conference, according to the department's Web site.

The annual top 10 list highlights the year's worst cases and serves to educate
and promote fraud awareness.

The department estimates the 10 cases totaled about $2.7 million in financial
losses. Each year, fraud costs the average Florida family as much as $1,800 in
increased premiums. So far, the department's fraud division has made 700
arrests, the most of any year.

"Seven hundred people can cause the rest of us a lot of misery," Banister said.
"(Fraud) drives up the cost of insurance premiums, then it drives up the price
of goods and services for everyone."

Other incidents on the Top 10 list included a Jacksonville insurance agent who
swindled $366,000 from six senior citizens, a ring of 25 people in Miami that
staged at least 12 accidents and filed about $1 million in fake claims, and a
Clermont title agent who stole more than $1.1 million in customer escrow.

The department offers rewards up to $25,000 for any information leading directly
to an arrest. Many arrests come from anonymous tips or insurance companies
catching wind of something fishy, Banister said.

In the case of Martin, a former employee called Northwestern Mutual after he
asked her to falsify his disability application, according to court records.

She refused and he fired her.

Investigators then observed Martin playing golf, moving furniture and driving,
according to investigators. Northwestern Mutual ended his benefits and referred
him to the state Financial Services Division of Insurance Fraud. He was arrested
in May.

A criminal trial is scheduled for later this summer. Martin also filed a lawsuit
against Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Co. of Milwaukee for ending his
benefits.

"This happens all the time," Banister said of fraud. "But it's a very small
number of people as a whole. But they do ruin it for everyone else."

The division has 120 detectives and investigates various forms of fraud in
insurance, health, life, auto, workers' compensation and others.

For more information or to report suspected fraud, call (800) 378-0445.

LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2005 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.

                             491 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                July 17, 1998, Friday, 0 South Pinellas Edition

Ill. Blue Cross to pay $ 144-million for fraud

SOURCE: Compiled from Times Wires

SECTION: NATIONAL; IN BRIEF; Pg. 4A

LENGTH: 756 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON; NEW BRAUNFELS, Texas; STOCKTON, Calif.



In a new twist in the government's fight against health care fraud, a major
Medicare contractor pleaded guilty Thursday to defrauding the program and
agreed to pay the government $ 144-million for lying to auditors, destroying
documents, discarding claims and paying others without checking them.

The settlement by Health Care Service Corp., also known as Blue Cross Blue
Shield of Illinois, is the largest ever involving the third-party insurers the
government hires to handle Medicare bills.

On the basis of exaggerated performance reports, Health Care Service Corp.,
which was the Medicare contractor for Illinois and Michigan, received  $
1.3-million in bonus payments. Much of that money was passed on to managers  at
the company's Marion, Ill., processing facility, where the scheme took  place
between 1984 and 1995.

The Chicago-based company pleaded guilty to eight felonies in federal court  in
East St. Louis, Ill., on Thursday, and agreed to pay $ 4-million in criminal
fines as well as $ 140-million in a civil settlement.

Witness in cadet murder

trial tells of confession

   NEW BRAUNFELS, Texas - Diane Zamora told a friend that she got David Graham
to prove his love by killing a 16-year-old girl, the friend testified Thursday
at his murder trial.

"Shoot her, kill her, shoot her," Kristina Mason said she was told by her
ex-best friend.

Under cross-examination, however, Mason admitted lying to a grand jury  about
what Zamora said soon after the slaying in 1995.

Prosecutors allege Graham, a former Air Force Academy cadet, and Zamora, a
former Naval Academy midshipman, killed Adrianne Jones while they were in high
school in the Fort Worth area.

Clinton urges inquiry

into World Bank

   WASHINGTON - The Clinton administration urged a quick and thorough
investigation at the World Bank into allegations of possible kickbacks and
other wrongdoing.

Congress is considering whether to provide the bank's sister institution,  the
International Monetary Fund, with $ 18-billion in new funding as well as
replenishing a bank fund used to make loans to the poor nations.

Sen. Mitch McConnell, R-Ky., chairman of the Senate Appropriations  Committee
panel on foreign operations, called for the resignation of Jan  Piercy, the U.S.
executive director at the bank.

McConnell said in a letter to Treasury Secretary Robert Rubin there was a
"disgraceful and illogical pattern of cronyism and deceit at the World Bank
that must stop."

After missile report,

lawmakers urge study

   WASHINGTON - Citing a congressionally mandated review that concluded
American cities are vulnerable to missile attack, lawmakers on Thursday urged  a
broad U.S. defense and intelligence reassessment.

"The intelligence community, and therefore policymakers, may be seriously
underestimating and miscalculating the threat to all Americans posed by
ballistic missiles," said Rep. Floyd Spence, chairman of the House National
Security Committee.

Spence said the report, which contradicts CIA assessments that no imminent
long-range missile threat exists, confirms his and many Republicans' beliefs
that the Pentagon must move more quickly to develop a missile defense system  to
protect U.S. cities.

Elsewhere . . .

  + WASHINGTON - Mary Vincent, who was raped and mutilated in 1978 and who
testified against her attacker at his February murder trial in Tampa, was  among
the high-profile crime victims at a Capitol Hill news conference  Thursday. It
was called by Rep. Matt Salmon, R-Ariz., seeking attention for  his bill urging
mandatory, no-parole life sentences for everyone convicted of  murder, rape or
child molesting. It has essentially no chance of becoming law  this year.

+ WASHINGTON - In a setback for anti-abortion forces, the House voted  Thursday
to require most federal employees' health care plans to cover the  costs of
prescription contraceptives. The vote would affect an estimated  1.2-million
women of child-bearing age, said the provision's sponsor, Rep.  Nita Lowey,
D-N.Y.

+ STOCKTON, Calif. - A California jury Thursday ordered the Roman Catholic
diocese here to pay $ 30-million to two young men who endured years of sexual
abuse by a Catholic priest. The verdict represented the second-largest cash
penalty imposed against the church in a sex abuse case, topped only by a  $
120-million damage award against the diocese of Dallas.

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: DIGEST

                    Copyright 1998 Times Publishing Company

                             492 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              India Insurance News

                      November 4, 2014 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

BDO Consulting Expands Anti-Fraud & Corruption Capabilities in Washington, D.C.
Metro Area

LENGTH: 502  words


Nov. 4 -- BDO USA issued the following news release:

BDO Consulting, one of the nation's leading professional services organizations,
today announced the appointment of Gerard Zack as a Managing Director in the
firm's Washington, D.C. office. Mr. Zack, a renowned fraud and compliance
professional and award-winning educator with the Association of Certified Fraud
Examiners (ACFE), will provide clients with anti-fraud and corruption training
and awareness programs, as well as fraud risk assessment and mitigation,
compliance, due diligence and investigative services. Mr. Zack has more than 30
years of experience serving companies of all sizes, including multinational
organizations.

"Understanding that our clients are under constant pressure to comply with
evolving regulation, we are focused on expanding our network of anti-fraud
resources," said Carl W. Pergola, Executive Director of BDO Consulting. "Gerry's
addition to the team augments our practice's ability to provide clients with the
tools they need to identify and deter fraud and corruption as well as corporate
misconduct."

"Gerry's impressive anti-fraud and corruption training acumen expands our
ability to assist clients in responding to global regulatory compliance
matters," said Glenn Pomerantz, Partner and Global Forensics practice leader.
"His extensive experience providing training and education to a diverse range of
corporate, not-for-profit and government entities will provide tremendous
value."

"I'm genuinely excited to be joining a firm of such a high-caliber of
professionals that have a clear culture of collaboration and a common goal for
providing exceptional client service," said Zack. "BDO's impressive global
network and ability to assist organizations manage fraud and compliance risk
aligns well with my career objectives in today's dynamic regulatory
environment."

Prior to joining BDO, Mr. Zack was founder and president of Zack, P.C. for the
past 25 years, where he provided anti-fraud and corruption training,
investigative, due diligence and compliance services on a global basis. He is a
faculty member of the ACFE and presently serves on their Board of Regents. Mr.
Zack has authored numerous books and policies on fraud, including Financial
Statement Fraud: Strategies for Detection and Investigation (2013), Fair Value
Accounting Fraud: New Global Risks and Detection Techniques (2009), and Fraud
and Abuse in Nonprofit Organizations: A Guide to Prevention and Detection
(2003), as well as "Model Accounting and Financial Policies and Procedures for
Nonprofit Organizations," a customizable set of policies and internal controls
that is currently in use by more than 2,000 organizations.

Mr. Zack is a Certified Fraud Examiner, Certified Public Accountant, Certified
Internal Auditor, and Certified Compliance and Ethics Professional. He earned
his Bachelor of Science in Business Administration from Shippensburg University
and his Master of Business Administration in Finance from Loyola University.

Source: BDO USA

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2014 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved

                             493 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 1, 2014 Saturday

Ohio: Toledo-area men sentenced to prison for $24 million Fraud involving Iraqi
currency

LENGTH: 630  words

DATELINE: Columbus


United States Attorney's Office for the Northern District of Ohio has issued the
following press release:

Two men from the Toledo area were sentenced to prison for their roles in the
operation of a $24 million fraud scheme involving the sale of Iraqi dinar
currency and non-existent hedge funds, and falsely representing that a member of
their organization was a decorated Marine who was wounded in combat, announced
Steven M. Dettelbach, U.S. Attorney for the Northern District of Ohio, and Kathy
Enstrom, Special Agent in Charge of IRS Criminal Investigation, Cincinnati Field
Office.

Bradford L. Huebner, 67, of Ottawa Hills, Ohio, was sentenced to 87 months in
prison while Charles N. Emmenecker, 67, of Sylvania, Ohio, was sentenced to 33
months in prison.

The men were convicted of conspiracy to commit wire fraud and wire fraud
following a two-week trial in May in U.S. District Court in Toledo. Huebner was
also convicted on 40 additional counts of money laundering and structuring.

Rudolph M. Coenen, 47, of Jacksonville, Florida, previously pleaded guilty to
crimes related to his role in the conspiracy. He was sentenced last month to
more than five years in prison.

Michael L. Teadt, 68, of Maumee, Ohio, was convicted on one count of mail fraud.
He was sentenced to two years of probation and ordered to pay $5,767 in
restitution.

Investors lost approximately $23.8 million from dinar sales and more than
$700,000 from the sale of non-existent hedge fund "seats" and "placements" as a
result of the defendants' conduct, according to court documents and trial
testimony.

"The trial evidence showed that these defendants swindled many people out of
their hard-earned money with grandiose fraud claims and offensive lies," said
U.S. Attorney Dettelbach. "From misrepresenting U.S. and global fiscal realities
to lying about a defendant's military record, these defendants' conduct not only
broke the law, but offended basic concepts of decency."

"When you knowingly mix deceit and trickery into the financial well-being of
individuals, you create a recipe for devastation that could last a lifetime,"
said Special Agent in Charge Enstrom. "Today's verdict reinforces our commitment
to every taxpayer that we will identify and prosecute those who promote illegal
financial transactions."

Beginning about August 2010, Huebner, Coenen, and Emmenecker conspired to
operate the "BH Group" in Toledo and "Bayshore Capital Investments" in
Jacksonville in order to defraud investors through investments in the Iraqi
dinar currency and two non-existent hedge funds.

The conspirators promoted the dinar and non-existent hedge funds through the
dissemination of a series of material falsehoods conveyed primarily through
weekly interstate conference calls and through the conspirators' web site,
according to court documents and trial testimony.

False claims included statements about the U.S. Treasury Department's holdings
of dinar and involvement in the Iraqi dinar investment market, according to
court documents.

Additional material false statements made by the defendants include, but are not
limited to, the portrayal of Coenen as a former vice president at JP Morgan
Chase and a former Marine who was awarded the Purple Heart after being wounded
in Iraq during Operation Desert Storm.

Coenen worked for JP Morgan Chase for one day as an account executive/loan
officer. He never served in the first Gulf War, was never wounded in combat and
never received a Purple Heart, according to court documents.

This case was prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorneys Gene Crawford and Matthew
W. Shepherd following an investigation by the Internal Revenue Service -
Criminal Investigation.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             494 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            April 15, 2004 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

CRIME & JUSTICE

SECTION: Metro; B02

LENGTH: 494 words


MARYLAND

Vandalism incidents: Montgomery County police are investigating a month-long
spate of vandalism in which the windows of more than 75 cars and several
storefronts have been broken in the Garrett Park, Kensington, Wheaton Woods,
Connecticut Park and Twinbrook areas.

The damage was done in darkness and caused by BB guns, but police said it is
unclear whether the incidents are related. The first reported incidents were in
March, when the windows of more than 30 cars were shot out in Wheaton Woods and
Connecticut Park, said Joyce Utter, police spokeswoman.

Early this month, vandals hit cars in Twinbrook, Kensington and Garrett Park.
The most recent incidents were last Saturday night or early Sunday in Lincoln
Park and Twinbrook. "It's a very large area that they're covering," Utter said.

Ex-accountant arrested: A former accountant with offices in Anne Arundel County
has been charged in connection with schemes to defraud the Internal Revenue
Service and several of his clients between 2000 and 2003, officials said
yesterday.

U.S. Attorney Thomas M. DiBiagio said a federal grand jury indicted Charles G.
Fagan, 62, on 16 counts of mail and wire fraud, money laundering and other
crimes. Among the charges, Fagan is accused of stealing $80,000 from a client
shortly after her death and of representing himself as an accountant after his
license was revoked in January 2002.

Fagan, of the 1900 block of Baltimore-Annapolis Boulevard in Annapolis, owned
Fagan & Associates accounting firm.

Fraud charges: A Silver Spring resident who once played for the Washington
Redskins has been charged with wire fraud, arson, money laundering and other
offenses in connection with two fraud schemes, authorities said yesterday.

A federal grand jury returned a 17-count indictment against Ozzie Clay, 61. It
alleges that, between 1999 and 2003, Clay schemed to defraud a mortgage company
through a bogus real estate deal and also committed offenses relating to a
Temple Hills company he controlled, Armorguard Manufacturing Co. Inc. The
company's offices were extensively damaged in an August 2000 fire that
investigators determined was intentionally set.

Clay was a wide receiver for the Redskins in the 1964 season and later became a
real estate developer.

VIRGINIA

Teacher arrested: A teacher at West Potomac High School in Fairfax County has
been arrested for allegedly exposing himself in public, county police said
yesterday.

Police said a Mount Vernon area woman reported seeing a man sitting in a black
car in a parking lot in the 6700 block of Richmond Highway, in the Beacon Hill
area, about 3:15 p.m. Tuesday. The man allegedly exposed himself and then drove
off. Police said they found the car and arrested Stephen Lewis of the 7300 block
of Rebecca Drive in the Alexandria area.

Lewis was placed on unpaid leave from West Potomac, where he teaches English as
a Second Language, school officials said.

Compiled from reports by staff writers.

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2004 The Washington Post

                             495 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                            August 1, 2007 Wednesday

Former SUWA board member to be sentenced in securities fraud

BYLINE: Joe Bauman Deseret Morning News

LENGTH: 539 words


Bert Fingerhut, a towering influence in Utah environmental activism, is to be
sentenced on Friday for a massive securities fraud.

Fingerhut, 63, has homes in Aspen, Colo., and Palo Alto, Calif., and was a
longtime director on the board of the Southern Utah Wilderness Alliance, based
in Salt Lake City. He resigned the position earlier this year. He also was on
boards of several other environmental groups and was active in the Grand Canyon
Trust, which advocated environmental protections of the canyon and the Colorado
Plateau.

In May, Fingerhut pleaded guilty in U.S. District Court, Newark, N.J., to a
federal conspiracy charge.

"The objects of the conspiracy were to commit securities fraud and to launder
the funds that were obtained through the securities fraud," said Assistant U.S.
Attorney Karl Buch, who is based in Newark, N.J. The fraud lasted for about 10
years, starting in 1997.

Besides agreeing to forfeit $11 million in illegal profits, as alleged in the
Securities and Exchange Commission civil case, Fingerhut faces a possible prison
term of 57 to 60 months, Buch said in an interview Tuesday.

Because Fingerhut has cooperated in the matter, the government probably will ask
U.S. District Judge Peter G. Sheridan to reduce the sentence below what would be
indicated otherwise in federal guidelines, Buch said.

Daniel Zelenko, SEC branch chief in the agency's New York office, said the SEC
filed a civil enforcement action against four defendants in May. The four,
including Fingerhut, signed consent orders in the civil action, consenting to
allegations by the government.

The SEC complaint says Fingerhut "spearheaded a sophisticated scheme to
circumvent federal and state banking regulations in order to make lucrative
stock purchases in stock conversions," according to an SEC news release in May.

The scheme, which went on for about a decade, involved Fingerhut using his own
money to finance investment supposedly by others. They appeared as depositors in
investor-owned banking companies, such as thrifts. When the banks went public,
investors were given the chance to buy stock in the new operations.

The scheme made illegal profits of about $12 million, according to the
government.

Meanwhile, Fingerhut and another defendant pleaded guilty to a criminal count of
conspiracy. According to the U.S. attorney's office in Newark, the man acted as
a nominee on Fingerhut's behalf. The two other defendants in the civil case did
not face criminal charges.

The defendants were not charged with insider trading. Fingerhut is believed to
have depended on his understanding of financial markets to know when and where
to invest. Before his retirement years ago, and before the scheme began, he
served as a member of the executive committee and director of research at
Oppenheimer & Co., a New York investment firm.

Scott Groene, director of SUWA, said Fingerhut told the group when he resigned
from the SUWA board that he was leaving for personal reasons.

"Bert expended a considerable part of his life trying to protect the beauty of
the American West, and we appreciate his service on the board up until his
retirement," Groene said.

Fingerhut did not return telephone calls to his homes seeking comment. E-mail:
bau@desnews.com

LOAD-DATE: August 1, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2007 The Deseret News Publishing Co.

                             496 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Charleston Gazette-Mail

                            October 10, 2016, Monday

Pharmacists set to stand trial on drug charges

BYLINE: Kate White, Staff writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P1A

LENGTH: 486 words


A trial is set for later this month in Kentucky for two West Virginia
pharmacists accused of being part of an online drug dispensing scheme.

In federal court in Kentucky's Western District, Philip E. Michael II, of Alum
Creek, and Mark Reinhard, of Cross Lanes, face charges related to the
distribution of drugs to customers without valid prescriptions.

A trial is set for Oct. 24 in Louisville, Kentucky.

Michael is charged with conspiring to distribute misbranded drugs, distributing
misbranded drugs, mail fraud conspiracy, wire fraud conspiracy, health care
fraud, engaging in the unlicensed wholesale distribution of prescription drugs,
aggravated identity theft, conspiracy to commit money laundering, and
obstruction of a criminal investigation.

Charges against Michael's pharmacy, MEDS 2 GO Express, were dismissed last
month, according to court documents.

During the summer of 2013, almost overnight, Michael's pharmacy became the No. 1
seller of Sudafed, which contains a key meth-making ingredient called
pseudoephedrine.

On Nov. 1, 2013, Michael's store stopped selling all pseudoephedrine products.
The decision cost the store thousands of dollars in sales each month, but
Michael told the Gazette-Mail at the time he wanted no part of West Virginia's
meth lab problem.

According to the indictment filed last August in federal court in Kentucky,
beginning in June 2009 through at least April 2012, Michael shipped various
prescription drugs to customers of online websites who didn't have valid
prescriptions.

Customers would receive a prescription without ever seeing or speaking with a
physician or medical practitioner, the indictment states.

"Customers would merely choose which prescription drug he or she wanted and
complete an online medical questionnaire, federal prosecutors in Kentucky wrote.

The website operator, who is alleged to be Joetta Kuhn, of Louisville, would
then send the completed online medical questionnaire by electronic means to an
issuing doctor, including Eutan Laing, John Burlington, Edward Kaplan, and
others known and unknown to the grand jury, according to a news release sent in
August. Burlington and Kaplan pleaded guilty to charges stemming from the
alleged scheme in New York's Southern District.

Joetta Kuhn is not related to U. S. Attorney John Kuhn Jr., of Kentucky's
Western District, his office wrote in a news release.

Euton Laing, of Piscataway, New Jersey, is also charged in the alleged scheme.

During the course of the alleged scheme, bank accounts controlled by Michael
received about $4 million from website operators, and others known and unknown
to prosecutors, the release states.

Michael is charged with defrauding a health care benefit program by submitting a
fraudulent claim for payment to Humana Insurance Company for dispensing
medication that was never dispensed.

Reach Kate White at kate.white@wvgazettemail.com, 304-348-1723 or follow
@KateLWhite on Twitter.

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 Charleston Newspapers

                             497 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Erie Times-News (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            October 4, 2014 Saturday

Guilty plea entered in $1M fraud that included Erie

BYLINE: Ed Palattella, Erie Times-News, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 402 words


Oct. 04--Tips from credit union workers in Erie helped unravel a nationwide
fraud ring whose leader, a San Francisco-area businessman, pleaded guilty in
federal court on Friday.

The Secret Service opened the investigation of the defendant, Alex K. Philip,
30, after workers at the Erie Community Credit Union reported what appeared to
be phony auto loans paid to a shell company under Philip, Assistant U.S.
Attorney Marshall Piccinini said after Philip's plea hearing.

The government accused Philip of conspiring with a number of other people to
defraud more than 21 financial institutions, including the Erie Community Credit
Union and the Erie Federal Credit Union, of more than $1 million between January
2010 and January 2013, primarily by using false information to obtain phony auto
loans.

Philip, who was charged in federal court in Erie on Sept. 23, pleaded guilty in
federal court in Pittsburgh to the felonies of bank fraud and conspiracy to
commit bank fraud.

Philip is the only person charged in the fraud to date. He is accused of
directing a scheme that consisted of several groups of co-conspirators,
including "managers," "processors" and "straw borrowers," according to court
records.

Philip was accused of working with other managers to solicit straw borrowers to
willingly provide financial information to the processors, who used falsified
bank documents to get loans.

The Erie Community Credit Union was defrauded of $59,000 and the Erie Federal
Credit Union of $29,000, said Piccinini, who said the scam made up "a large
widespread scheme" in the United States. He said investigators got search
warrants to seize e-mails between the ring's participants.

Philip and others ran the scheme through Philip Investments Inc., with bank
accounts in San Francisco and San Jose, Calif., the U.S. Attorney's Office said
in court documents. Other victims included the Navy Federal Credit Union, the
Pentagon Federal Credit Union and USAA Bank, which serves veterans and active
members of the military.

Philip remains free on an unsecured bond of $20,000. His sentencing is Feb. 23
before U.S. District Judge David S. Cercone, of Pittsburgh, who accepted the
plea.

ED PALATTELLA can be reached at 870-1813 or by e-mail. Follow him on Twitter at
twitter.com/ETNpalattella.

___ (c)2014 the Erie Times-News (Erie, Pa.) Visit the Erie Times-News (Erie,
Pa.) at www.GoErie.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20141004-EI-Guilty-plea-entered-in-1M-fraud
-that-included-Erie-1004-20141004

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EI


                         Copyright 2014 Erie Times-News

                             498 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    February 20, 2004, Friday, FIRST EDITION

Skilling's fall from grace comes to this

BYLINE: Edward Iwata and Elliot Blair Smith

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 1445 words

Enron CEO Jeffrey Skilling was unrelentingly bullish on his company's outlook in
early 2001 even as Wall Street worried.

Speculation was growing that Enron -- one of the world's largest companies and a
Wall Street favorite -- was facing financial troubles. Talk was spreading that
Enron's broadband and energy businesses were stumbling. Enron's stock had
plunged to $ 60 a share from $ 80.

But during a March conference call with securities analysts, Skilling reassured
them that he was "highly confident" about the company's prospects. "I know this
is a bad stock market, but Enron's in good shape," he said during one briefing
with analysts.


According to a grand jury indictment unsealed Thursday, Skilling knew that
Enron's broadband unit was failing, jobs were getting cut and the broadband
industry faced "a total meltdown." He also allegedly knew that California
utilities owed Enron "hundreds of millions of dollars."

Beginning at least in late 1999, Enron failed to meet its budget targets through
normal business operations and was able to appear successful only through fraud,
the indictment charged.

While the allegations are only a small part of the Justice Department's 40-count
indictment against Skilling and former Enron chief accounting officer Richard
Causey, they illustrate the widespread financial scheming and inside trading
that prosecutors accuse Skilling of conducting during the onset of Enron's
collapse in 2001.

Ultimately, Skilling allegedly pocketed $ 200 million from insider stock sales
between 1998 and 2001. In one sale, he gained $ 15.6 million after selling
500,000 shares on Sept. 17, 2001, four weeks after he abruptly resigned as Enron
CEO, the indictment alleges.

Highest executive charged yet

The indictment of the highest former Enron executive yet also marks a
near-climax to the Enron financial scandal that led to the company's collapse
and filing for bankruptcy protection in late 2001. Unsealed Thursday in Houston,
the grand jury indictment against Skilling alleges 35 counts of securities fraud
, inside trading, wire fraud, conspiracy to commit fraud and making false
statements to auditors. The Securities and Exchange Commission filed a separate
civil complaint.

The charges were added to an indictment in January against Richard Causey,
Enron's former chief accounting officer, that accused Causey of fraud and
conspiracy.

The new indictment says Skilling, Causey and other Enron executives engaged in a
sweeping scheme from 1999 to 2001 to hide large losses, jack up Enron's earnings
and mislead investors.

The indictment alleges the executives fraudulently portrayed Enron as a healthy
company by:

 * Hiding massive energy-trading profits made during the California energy
crisis by putting them into reserve accounts.

 * Concealing large losses from Enron's energy services and broadband
businesses, which were highly touted to Wall Street and investors.

 * Inflating Enron earnings by falsely touting the company's broadband business
and overvaluing assets in Enron's investment portfolio of energy and high-tech
companies.

Skilling's defense attorneys said Thursday that prosecutors have no strong
evidence of wrongdoing by their client.

"They have no proof he stole anything, no proof he lied, no proof he cheated
anybody," said Daniel Petrocelli, one of Skilling's attorneys, who represented
the Ronald Goldman family in its civil lawsuit against O.J. Simpson.

Lie-detector test

Petrocelli and Bruce Hiler, a former SEC enforcement official who is Skilling's
lead defense attorney, said Skilling passed a lie-detector test conducted by
Paul Minor, a former FBI official now at American International Security in
Fairfax, Va. The test was conducted Dec. 4, 2001 -- two days after Enron filed
for bankruptcy court protection from creditors. Polygraph results are
inadmissible as evidence in court.

According to a copy of the report provided by defense attorneys, Skilling said
he:

 * Did not sell Enron stock in September 2001 based on inside information.

 * Was unaware of "any improper financial arrangement that was concealed from
the board of directors," according to the polygraph report.

 * Believed that Chewco, Jedi and LJM -- accounting vehicles allegedly used by
Enron executives to hide debt and inflate Enron's earnings -- were properly
accounted for in Enron's books.

Defense attorneys earlier this week met with prosecutors in Washington, D.C.,
hoping to ward off the indictment. According to the defense lawyers, they gave
prosecutors the polygraph report, and the prosecutors replied: "We're going to
indict your client."

Skilling was once a bright star

It has been a long fall from grace for Skilling. A few years ago, the Harvard
MBA and former McKinsey consultant was hailed as a business alchemist who turned
Enron from a gas-and-pipeline company into a sleek energy trader in the Internet
economy.

Skilling and Enron fit well in Houston, a crossroads of capital and opportunity.
Named after Sam Houston, the great general of Texas' frontier independence,
Houston has always attracted politicians and power, said David McComb, author of
Houston: A History. Its port led to King Cotton and the oil and gas industries.
A can-do ethic prevailed.

"Enron really was a perfect reflection of Houston. Houston has always been a
city of booms and busts," said Robert Bryce, author of Pipe Dreams: Greed, Ego
and the Death of Enron. "This indictment of Skilling and the other Enron
miscreants is reflective of Houston. You live large, you play hard and . . .
you fall hard."

Skilling, 50, epitomized Enron's hard-driving corporate culture. He often took
Enron colleagues on adventuring trips, including off-road-vehicle races in the
desert and mountaineering trips.

After Skilling became president of Enron in 1997, revenue shot up from $ 12
billion in 1996 to $ 150 billion in 2001. Wall Street loved him. Worth magazine
dubbed him the No. 2 CEO in America, after Microsoft's Steve Ballmer.

But Skilling was a brash and arrogant bully who created Enron's brutal,
cutthroat culture, according to former colleagues. He also may have led Enron to
its demise, if the federal allegations are true.

Skeptical of financial games

All along, some Enron insiders were skeptical of Skilling's questionable
financial game-playing. Much of Enron's revenue gains, critics thought, were
inflated by Skilling's fanatic advocacy of "mark-to-market" accounting, the
controversial bookkeeping method that records the future value of energy
contracts as current earnings.

Skilling has long proclaimed his innocence. During congressional hearings on the
Enron scandal in 2002, other Enron executives exercised their Fifth Amendment
rights not to incriminate themselves by testifying. Skilling defiantly told
Congress during those hearings that he knew nothing of the accounting
skullduggery that sank Enron. He blamed Enron's demise on a classic "run on the
bank."

Skilling's attorneys vowed Thursday that they will not consider plea deal offers
from the government, although it is common for criminal defense lawyers to
negotiate last-minute plea bargains to spare their client a possible conviction.


"We're not going to stop until we get our acquittal," Petrocelli said. "The
prosecutors will have to show up in court and prove their case."

If the case goes to trial in the next two or three years, there is sure to be
legal warfare between hard-nosed organized-crime and drug prosecutors and a
"dream team" of defense lawyers.

Legal watchers predict the court will be flooded by defense motions, including a
change-of-venue request to move the trial from Houston, where former Enron
executives are still despised by many.

"It's going to be a slugfest," said former prosecutor Philip Hilder, a defense
attorney in Houston.

Former Enron people not sympathetic

Since the Enron scandal erupted, Skilling has been abandoned by many friends and
colleagues. He is periodically seen around town at popular restaurants but seems
to spend much time in his $ 4 million mansion in Houston.

Local observers don't appear sympathetic. They're still hurting from the
billions of dollars lost by shareholders and former Enron employees when Enron
collapsed.

"I'm tickled pink they finally got to him," said Charlie Prestwood, 65, a former
Enron natural-gas plant operator in Conroe, Texas, who said he lost $ 1.3
million in his Enron retirement fund.

Added Bryce, the author: "I guarantee you there are thousands of former Enron
people who are dancing a jig watching Jeff Skilling in handcuffs."

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, B/W, Marcy E. Mullins, USA TODAY, Source: Bridge Information;
Securities and Exchange Commission (LINE GRAPH); GRAPHIC, B/W, Source: USA TODAY
research (CHART); PHOTO, Color, Mark Wilson, Getty Images; PHOTO, Color, Larry
Downing, Reuters; PHOTOS, Color, David J. Phillip, AP (2); PHOTO, B/W, Reuters;
PHOTOS, B/W, AP (7); PHOTO, B/W, Tim Dillon, USA TODAY; PHOTO, Color, Tim
Johnson, Reuters; Marching to court: Enron former chief Jeffrey Skilling is
escorted to court Thursday in Houston. Now facing a 35-count indictment,
Skilling has long proclaimed his innocence. <>Richard Causey, chief accounting
officer: He was originally indicted in January. A new indictment unsealed
Thursday charges him with conspiracy to commit securities fraud, 20 counts of
securities fraud, eight counts of wire fraud and two counts of illegal inside
trading. <>Andrew Fastow, chief financial officer: He pleaded guilty last month
to one charge of conspiracy to commit wire fraud and one charge of conspiracy to
commit wire and securities fraud. He faces a 10-year sentence and is cooperating
with prosecutors. <>Ben Glisan, corporate treasurer: He pleaded guilty to
conspiracy to commit wire and securities fraud in September and is serving a
five-year sentence. <>Michael Kopper, Enron finance executive: He helped create
and manage some of the off-the-books partnerships that prosecutors say were used
to manipulate Enron's finances. He pleaded guilty to fraud and money laundering
in August 2002, and implicated his boss, Andrew Fastow. His sentencing is
scheduled for October.

TYPE: COVER STORY

                      Copyright 2004 Gannett Company, Inc.

                             499 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                Sentinel & Enterprise (Fitchburg, Massachusetts)

                            February 20, 2015 Friday

Leominster case highlights DA's insurance fraud crackdown

BYLINE: By Chris Camire, ccamire@sentinelandenterprise.com

SECTION: BREAKING

LENGTH: 336 words


WORCESTER -- On Nov. 23, 2009, a Leominster man wearing a helmet, chest
protector and elbow pads deliberately crashed his car into a concrete barrier in
Worcester in an attempt to collect insurance money.

This case was highlighted by Worcester District Attorney Joseph D. Early Jr. on
Friday as he drew attention to his office's efforts to stop insurance fraud in
collaboration with the Insurance Fraud Bureau of Massachusetts.

"This is the sort of fraud that, if left unchecked, would lead to higher
insurance rates for the people of Worcester County," said Early in a statement.
"I am happy to partner with the Insurance Fraud Bureau."

The Insurance Fraud Bureau and Early have been working together to prosecute
perpetrators of insurance fraud for over eight years. The partnership has
resulted in cost savings of about $150 million and reduced automobile insurance
premiums for drivers in Worcester County, according to Anthony M. DiPaolo, Chief
of Investigations for the IFB.

The DA's Office received a $40,000 grant from the Massachusetts Division of
Insurance to fund the program.

The Leominster driver dressed in protective gear is Christopher Foti, 35. He was
sentenced to nine months in county jail in July 2014 after pleading guilty to
motor vehicle insurance fraud.

"There was a witness who saw him," said Tim Connolly, a spokesman for the DA's
Office.

In a second case highlighted by Early, Antonio Quinones, 58, of Uxbridge, was
sentenced to 2 1/2 years in county jail in June of 2014 for motor vehicle
insurance fraud and attempted larceny.

Quinones reported his car stolen. His claim was investigated by the insurer and
denied. The IFB then requested that the DA's Office prosecute the case.

"He had a financial motive to perpetrate a fraud, which lead to more
investigation which lead them to find discrepancies with what he said," said
Connolly.

Quinones was convicted by a jury. Evidence against him included parking tickets
received in New York City, said Connolly.

Follow Chris Camire on Twitter @chriscamire.

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


      Copyright 2015 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Mid-States Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             500 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                           November 9, 2006 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Va. case highlights fraudulent marriages;
Government cracks down on fast track to green card

BYLINE: Wendy Koch

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 493 words


A Virginia man's guilty plea Wednesday to arranging sham marriages between U.S.
citizens and Ghanaian immigrants reflects the government's increased focus on
marriage fraud.

Eric Amoah, 42, a pharmacy technician from Ghana, was one of 22 people charged
in the Washington, D.C., area two months ago with participating in a marriage
and immigration fraud scheme. His sentence is pending.

Similar busts have occurred in the past year in California, New York and Utah.
An investigation is underway in Gwinnett County, Ga., where two men are charged
with bigamy for marrying at least 13 African women.

"We're definitely seeing more organizations" involved in marriage fraud, says
James Spero, head of the Identity and Benefits Fraud Unit at U.S. Immigration
and Customs Enforcement (ICE). "We're stepping up our efforts."

Sham marriages for immigrants seeking citizenship have long been a problem. A
marriage license can be the quickest way to gain the temporary legal status
conferred by a green card, the title of a 1990 movie about two people who enter
into such a marriage of convenience only to -- surprise -- fall in love.

Since 9/11, marriage fraud has taken on more serious implications. Half of 36
foreign-born suspected terrorists who were in the USA from the early 1990s to
2004 gained legal status by marrying Americans -- 10 of them through sham
marriages -- according to the Center for Immigration Studies, which promotes
tighter immigration controls.

Janice Kephart, former counsel to the 9/11 Commission, which produced the
center's research, says the government is not doing enough to crack down on
marriage fraud.

"They simply don't have the resources," Kephart says. She says U.S. officials go
after ringleaders of schemes more than the immigrants who marry.

Alfred Robertson, the attorney representing Amoah, agrees that immigration laws
need better enforcement. He says immigration officials lack funding to hire
enough agents to investigate applications for legal status.

Spero says ICE is working with other agencies in 11 new task forces and has
increased the number of identity and benefit fraud cases it is investigating,
from 2,300 in fiscal 2004 to 3,434 in fiscal 2006, including about 700 involving
marriage fraud.

Spero says some U.S. citizens are duped into marrying an immigrant who simply
wants a green card. Others, he says, commit a felony, punishable by jail time
and a $250,000 fine, by knowingly entering into a sham marriage.

He says organizations typically charge $2,500 to $6,000 to arrange a marriage.
Amassing evidence that a couple has taken the next steps toward permanent
residency or citizenship, such as living together, costs more. On the West
Coast, he says, one full-service scheme charged $60,000.

Robertson says Amoah, who married a U.S. citizen himself, helped arranged 75 to
300 marriages, most of which were fraudulent. "He knew what he was doing was
wrong," Robertson says, adding that Amoah faces possible deportation.

LOAD-DATE: November 9, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2006 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved
