
                             501 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                             March 14, 2008 Friday
                                  Main Edition

Mortgage fraud declines in Ga.;
Based on a formula by a unit of ChoicePoint, the state is No. 6, continuing a
decline in an area it once led the nation.

BYLINE: PERALTE C. PAUL; Staff

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 1G

LENGTH: 756 words


Georgia continues to do a better job at reining in mortgage fraud, but its share
of shady home loans remains 25 percent higher than it should, based on its
volume.

The state ranked sixth nationally in mortgage fraud, according to a report
issued Thursday by the Mortgage Bankers Association. That was an improvement
from Georgia's fourth-place finish in 2006.

The report --- conducted by the Mortgage Asset Research Institute, a unit of
Alpharetta-based ChoicePoint --- did not detail the exact number of fraud cases
by state or nationwide. Instead, the group calculated a "fraud index" by
comparing fraud reports with the number of home loans made in each state. A
score of 100 means a state has the level of fraud expected relative to its
mortgage volume.

Georgia had a score of 125.

Florida, which held the top spot in 2006, retained its No. 1 ranking with a
score of 215. Virginia was the only other Southern state --- coming in at No. 7
with a tally of 114 --- to rank in the top 10.

Nos. 2-5 were Nevada, Michigan, California and Utah.

Nationally, mortgage fraud is estimated to be about $4 billion a year.

Much of the fraud in recent years involved some of the more creative vehicles
the industry offered, such as "no-documentation" loans, as well as borrowers
lying on their applications, said Merle D. Sharick, a vice president and manager
of ChoicePoint Mortgage. He discussed the report in a conference call with
reporters and industry officials.

Some borrowers were lying on loan applications --- such as inflating their
income --- to qualify for a mortgage. Others, he said, were committing fraud to
steal money from the bank. And while fraud for housing was a problem that
lenders recognized, they didn't go after it as much because those customers were
staying current with their house notes.

Georgia's improved showing reflects greater "collaboration between lenders, law
enforcement and prosecutors," Sharick said.

"Lenders are working hand in hand with law enforcement" following several key
pieces of legislation the state enacted three years ago, he said. Prior to that,
a coordinated approach was difficult because "lenders didn't understand what law
enforcement needed and law enforcement didn't understand the lending process."

Georgia led the nation in mortgage fraud for three years straight --- 2003, 2004
and 2005. Though it remains in the top 10, officials credit legislative efforts
for the latest drop.

State banking regulators also changed focus. In 2003, examiners began homing in
on signs of risk when conducting mortgage banking examinations, said Rob
Braswell, Georgia's banking commissioner.

"The number of administrative actions that we have issued has gone up
tremendously," Braswell said, noting the Banking & Finance Department issued 320
supervisory administrative actions last year. Of those, 211 mortgage bankers
were issued cease-and-desist orders, preventing them from operating in Georgia
for five years, while another 62 had their licenses revoked permanently.

In 24 cases, the department said it found such strong evidence of wrongdoing
that it turned it over to law enforcement officials for criminal prosecution.
Those 24 cases represented a collective $35 million in Georgia real estate,
Braswell said.

Most of the fraud occurring in Georgia happens in metro Atlanta, but Braswell
said Athens has a sizable share, too.

Now that lenders are reeling from a spate of defaults caused by the housing
crisis, they're doing a lot more double-checking of documents before closing,
Sharick said. In some cases, federal and state authorities have held "closing
stings," arresting borrowers --- and in some cases appraisers, attorneys and
others --- involved in the home loan business for fraud.

But even though lenders have stopped approving all but plain vanilla
conventional mortgages and some exotic loans that made fraud easy to commit are
no longer available, Sharick said fraud won't necessarily decrease.

"The market is conventional loan lending, and it's reasonable to expect the
folks who are interested in perpetrating fraud, they're not going to go away,"
Sharick said. "They're going to try and figure out the weak spots in
conventional mortgage lending."

The Associated Press contributed to this article.

MORTGAGE FRAUD TOP 10

Ranked by "fraud index" score matching fraud with number of home loans:

1. Florida (215)

2. Nevada (204)

3. Michigan (200)

4. California (170)

5. Utah (156)

6. Georgia (125)

7. Virginia (114)

8. Illinois (107)

9. New York (94)

10. Minnesota (90)

Source: Mortgage Asset Research Institute

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2008 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                             502 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Aegis, Bel Air, Md.

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                          September 16, 2015 Wednesday

Harford man sentenced in Baltimore mortgage fraud conspiracy

BYLINE: The Aegis, Bel Air, Md.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 723 words


Sept. 16--A Pylesville man will spend 19 months in federal prison and be
responsible for paying a significant portion of almost $1.2 million in
restitution for conspiring to commit mail, wire and bank fraud arising from
mortgage fraud schemes involving Baltimore City properties, according to the
Maryland U.S. Attorney's Office.

Kevin Campbell, 53, was sentenced Friday in U.S. District Court in Baltimore,
where Judge James K. Bredar ordered him to pay $1,182,822 in restitution and
also imposed five years of supervised release once Campbell gets out of prison,
the U.S. Attorney's Office said in a news release.

In a related case, Bredar on Thursday sentenced a co-conspirator, Jonathan L.
Miles, 45, of Perry Hall, to 18 months in prison followed by five years of
supervised release for conspiring to commit bank fraud. Miles was also ordered
to pay restitution of $1,182,822, the U.S. Attorney's Office said.

According to the judge's order of restitution and related case documents,
Campbell was to pay $525,000 by Oct. 15 and then $1,000 a month for the five
years of his supervised release. Miles is also liable for repaying the total,
according to court documents.

The judge also ordered that Campbell, who has an address on Wheeler School Road,
should serve his prison time in a minimum security facility in Morgantown,
W.Va., reporting no later than Nov. 12.

According to prosecutors, Campbell invested in Baltimore residential real estate
and controlled four companies that bought and sold residential real estate: KMJ
Realty LLC; E&W Realty LLC; C Realty LLC; and City Realty LLC. Miles was a loan
officer for a mortgage brokerage company formerly in Reisterstown.

According to their plea agreements, from 2005 to 2007, Campbell and other
defendants caused false information to be provided to mortgage lenders to enable
prospective purchasers to qualify for 18 home mortgage loans on properties in
Baltimore that they could not actually afford.

Unknown to the lenders, Campbell provided most of the down payments and all of
the closing costs, the plea agreements state. As a result, the loan application
and HUD-1 documents substantially overstated the amount of the down payment and
closing costs that the purchasers brought to the closings, thereby making the
purchasers appear to be more creditworthy and to have more of a personal
investment in the property than was actually the case.

In addition, the agreed purchase price established for the properties
substantially exceeded the market value, according to prosecutors. Miles caused
the inflated purchase prices to be supported by a misleading appraisal report,
the plea agreements state.

By inflating the purchase price, Campbell and Miles were able to obtain
financing that was substantially in excess of the original purchase price for
each property, the plea agreements state, enabling Campbell to cover most of the
purchase price and all of the closing costs with the proceeds he received from
the transaction, while still earning a significant profit.

Campbell also received additional hidden payments amounting to 10 percent of the
sales price disguised in the HUD-1 as a real estate commission to City Realty,
according to the plea agreements, while Miles received a significant commission
as the loan broker on each transaction.

Sixteen of the 18 loans ultimately went into default, prosecutors said,
resulting in foreclosures and losses totaling approximately $1.2 million to
mortgage lenders, as well as Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac and four individual
purchasers who lost money they provided for down payments on the mortgages.

According to the judge's restitution order, three individual purchasers will be
paid what they are owed first, with the judge noting their losses "had the
greatest impact upon them and their economic circumstances." Lenders are to be
repaid next, according to the order, and will be obligated to reimburse insurers
for any prior payments connected to losses on the properties involved.

According to court records, a third person, a lawful permanent resident of the
U.S. but not a citizen, was indicted in February in connection with the same
conspiracy.

Sign upPrivacy Policy

___ (c)2015 The Aegis (Bel Air, Md.) Visit The Aegis (Bel Air, Md.) at
www.baltimoresun.com/explore/harford/publications/the-aegis Distributed by
Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150916-1AE-Harford-man-sentenced-in-Baltimore-mortgage-fraud
-conspiracy-0916-20150916

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1AE


                            Copyright 2015 The Aegis


                             503 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 1, 2015 Wednesday

Two More Defendants from Georgia Plead Guilty in Credit Card Fraud Scheme

LENGTH: 728  words

DATELINE: Boise


United States Attorney's Office for the District of Idaho has issued the
following press release:

Clarence Collins, 34, of Douglasville, Georgia, and Mikki Williams, 24, of
Atlanta, Georgia, each pleaded guilty today in United States District Court for
their roles in a credit card fraud scheme that targeted local retailers in
October of 2014, U.S. Attorney Wendy J. Olson announced.  They were indicted by
a federal grand jury on November 13, 2014.

Collins pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy to commit wire fraud and one
count of aggravated identity theft.  According to the plea agreement, Collins
traveled to Idaho, along with his co-defendants, for the purpose of making
fraudulent purchases of gift cards and prepaid debit cards from retail stores,
using stolen credit card numbers encoded onto stock debit cards.  Collins
admitted to obtaining the stock debit cards encoded with unauthorized credit
card numbers, and making purchases at retail stores on October 5, 2014.  In all,
Collins admitted to traveling to five separate retail stores, and making eight
total purchases, using five different credit card numbers that he was not
authorized to use.  Upon his arrest, Collins was found in possession of seven
debit cards encoded with unauthorized credit card numbers.  Sentencing is set
for June 17, 2015, before Chief U.S. District Judge B. Lynn Winmill.

Conspiracy to commit wire fraud is punishable by up to 20 years imprisonment, a
$250,000 fine, a term of supervised release of not more than three years, and a
$100 special assessment.  Aggravated identity theft is punishable by a mandatory
minimum term of imprisonment of two years, a term of supervised release of not
more than one year, a maximum fine of $250,000, and a special assessment of
$100.  As part of his plea, Collins also agreed to forfeit $49,953.41 in cash
proceeds of the charged offenses.

Williams pleaded guilty to misprision of a felony.  According to the plea
agreement, Williams admitted knowing that her co-defendants were engaged in a
conspiracy to commit wire fraud by using stolen credit card numbers encoded onto
Vanilla debit cards.  Williams admitted receiving Visa debit cards that were the
proceeds of the fraud scheme.  Upon her arrest, she was found in possession of
eight pre-paid debit cards that were the proceeds of fraud.  Williams admitted
that, despite her knowledge of the fraud scheme, she did not report the offense
to the authorities, but rather provided false information about her knowledge of
the offense and the source of the fraud proceeds, and concealed the proceeds of
the fraud.

Misprision of a felony is punishable by up to three years imprisonment, a fine
of up to $250,000, up to one year of supervised release, and a $100 special
assessment.  Sentencing is scheduled for June 16, 2015, before Chief U.S.
District Judge B. Lynn Winmill.

Collins and Williams were indicted, along with Rakeen Anderson, 31, of Atlanta,
Georgia; Kyandre Banks, 34, of Lilburn, Georgia; Terrance Barimah, 26, of
Floranceville, Georgia; Jean Estinville, 26, of Lawrenceville, Georgia; Rashine
Kale, 38, of Lawrenceville, Georgia; Charles Moore, 25, of Stone Mountain,
Georgia; Jonathan Penn, 20, of Suwanee, Georgia; and Brian Treadwell, 25, of
Buford, Georgia, on charges relating to a wire fraud and identity theft scheme.
Banks, Estinville, Kale, Moore, Penn, and Treadwell were each charged with
conspiracy to commit wire fraud, wire fraud, and aggravated identity theft.
Anderson was charged with conspiracy to commit wire fraud and wire fraud.
Barimah was charged with conspiracy to commit wire fraud and illegal possession
of device-making equipment.

Co-defendant Brian Treadwell is scheduled for sentencing before Chief U.S.
District Judge B. Lynn Winmill on June 16, 2015.  Co-defendant Jonathan Penn is
scheduled for a change of plea hearing before Chief U.S. Magistrate Candy W.
Dale on April 23, 2015.  Co-Defendant Rakeen Anderson is pending a change of
plea hearing to be scheduled.  Co-Defendants Barimah, Estinville, Kale, and
Moore are currently scheduled for a jury trial on April 27, 2015.  Co-defendant
Kyandre Banks remains a fugitive.

The case was investigated by the United States Secret Service and the Boise
Police Department.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             504 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Blade (Toledo, Ohio)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 11, 2014 Monday

Convicted Fla. man asks for video sentencing

BYLINE: Jennifer Feehan, The Blade, Toledo, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 405 words


Aug. 11--A Florida man who admitted he conspired to defraud investors in the
sale of Iraqi currency says he is too ill to come to Toledo to be sentenced next
month.

In a motion filed Friday in U.S. District Court, Rudolph Coenen asked Judge Jack
Zouhary to allow him to be sentenced by video from Florida because of his
"significant medical problems."

Coenen, 49, and three Toledo-area businessmen were indicted in 2012 on charges
they conspired to dupe investors in the currency known as dinar, as well as
placements in nonexistent hedge funds.

Coenen, owner of Bayshore Capital Investments LLC in Jacksonville, pleaded
guilty in 2013 to conspiracy to commit wire fraud, wire fraud, and five counts
of money laundering. As part of a plea agreement, he agreed to testify against
co-defendants Michael Teadt, Charles Emmenecker, and Bradford Huebner at their
trials in May.

Huebner, 66, of Ottawa Hills and Emmenecker, 67, of Sylvania, each were
convicted by a jury of conspiracy to commit wire fraud and wire fraud in
connection with the $24 million scheme. Huebner also was found guilty of 30
counts of structuring, nine counts of money laundering, and one count of mail
fraud.

The jury acquitted Teadt, 67, of Maumee of conspiracy, wire fraud, and other
charges, but found him guilty of one count of mail fraud for a matter unrelated
to the investment scheme.

In Coenen's request to be sentenced by video, his attorney, Donna Grill, said
Coenen "is a liver transplant patient with several medical issues, including
uncontrolled diabetes and severe neuropathy.

"Mr. Coenen's health has continued to deteriorate during the pendency of this
case, and he has been hospitalized on several occasions, including several
instances after his court appearance in the trial of Brad Huebner in May of
2014," Ms. Grill said.

She said although sentencing hearings are not normally held by video conference,
she cited one case in which Judge David Katz appeared by video from Florida to
conduct the sentencing of the defendant in Toledo.

Michael Tobin, spokesman for the U.S. Attorney's Office, had no comment on the
unusual request.

Coenen is to be sentenced Sept. 24. Huebner and Emmenecker are to be sentenced
Sept. 30. Teadt's hearing is set for Sept. 23.

Contact Jennifer Feehan at: jfeehan@theblade.com or 419-213-2134.

___ (c)2014 The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) Visit The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) at
www.toledoblade.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: August 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140811-TO-Convicted-Fla-man-asks-for-video-sentencing-0811-20140811

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TO


                            Copyright 2014 The Blade


                             505 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 24, 2017 Tuesday

New York Woman Sentenced to Prison for Operating Unemployment Benefits Fraud
Scheme

LENGTH: 417  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office for the United States Attorneys, District of Connecticut has
issued the following news release:



  United States Attorney for the District of Connecticut, announced that THERESA
A. FREEMAN, 65, last residing in Yonkers, N.Y., was sentenced today by U.S.
District Judge Janet Bond Arterton in New Haven to 18 months of imprisonment,
followed by three years of supervised release, for defrauding unemployment
insurance programs in a "fictitious employer scheme."



 According to court documents and statements made in court, FREEMAN filed
incorporation paperwork with the State of Connecticut for "Tribal Organic
Products," which she claimed was an internet business that she operated from an
address in Trumbull, Connecticut. The business was, in fact, a fictitious
company that did not engage in any business activity. In December 2012,
FREEMAN's son, Sean E. Montiero, filed a claim with the Connecticut Department
of Labor for unemployment insurance benefits, claiming that he was laid off from
Tribal Organic Products. Between January 2013 and July 2013, Montiero received
approximately $13,474 in unemployment insurance benefits from the State of
Connecticut.





 The investigation revealed that FREEMAN also operated similar fictitious
employer schemes that defrauded both the Pennsylvania Department of Labor and
Industries and the North Carolina Department of Commerce, Division of Employment
Security of $16,253 and $14,136, respectively.



 Judge Arterton ordered FREEMAN to pay restitution in the amount of $43,863.



 FREEMAN has been detained since her arrest on May 5, 2016. On September 20,
2016, she pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy to commit wire fraud.



 FREEMAN has a prior federal conviction in the District of South Carolina for
mail fraud stemming from similar conduct. In that case, she was found to have
committed the same unemployment benefits fraud offense in South Carolina,
Connecticut, Hawaii, Florida and New York, and was sentenced to 15 months of
imprisonment.



 Montiero has pleaded guilty and awaits sentencing.



 This investigation was conducted by the U.S. Department of Labor - Office of
Inspector General; Connecticut Department of Labor; Office of the Chief State's
Attorney; Pennsylvania Department of Labor and Industries; North Carolina
Department of Commerce, Division of Employment Security; and the Yonkers Police
Department.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             506 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            December 14, 2014 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

Falsified Applications on the Rise

BYLINE: By LISA PREVOST

SECTION: Section RE; Column 0; Real Estate Desk; MORTGAGES; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 619 words


Falsified applications are now the most common type of mortgage fraud, their
incidence having risen steadily for the last three years, according to
LexisNexis Risk Solutions' annual mortgage fraud report.

The report, scheduled for release on Monday, breaks down the composition of
verified mortgage fraud activity in 2013 as reported by lenders, insurers and
other subscribers to a LexisNexis database known as MIDEX. The database tracks
only fraud involving industry professionals, such as loan officers, real estate
agents and appraisers.

''Eighty percent of all mortgage fraud involves a professional,'' said Tim
Coyle, the company's senior director of financial services and an author of the
report. ''It almost has to -- it's a very complex game.''

Seventy-four percent of the investigated loans reported in 2013 involved
application fraud, up from 69 percent in 2012, and 61 percent in 2011.
Application fraud involves misrepresenting a borrower's background or
circumstances by providing a lender with false information about crucial
factors, such as income, employment or intent to occupy the property. Identity
theft or invalid Social Security numbers may also come into play.

Mr. Coyle attributed the rising incidence of application fraud to tight credit
conditions that make it harder for borrowers to qualify and for industry
professionals to profit. Credit fraud also increased last year, according to
Jennifer Butts, the manager of data insight and also an author of the report.
Credit fraud, such as undisclosed debt on a credit history or misrepresentation
on the credit report, occurred in 17 percent of reported fraud investigations,
which was a big jump from 5 percent in 2012, she said.

Appraisal fraud, however, dropped to a five-year low of 15 percent of reported
loans. Mr. Coyle credited federal regulations adopted several years ago aimed at
preventing corruption of the appraisal process by professionals with a financial
stake in the mortgage transaction.

The report also ranks the states according to the seriousness of their mortgage
fraud problem relative to their share of origination volume. Florida ranked
first as having the worst fraud problem for the fifth consecutive year, followed
by Nevada and New Jersey.

The authors didn't expect to see Utah in seventh place; last year it was ranked
21st. Mr. Coyle speculated that the rise in activity may have to do with Utah's
proximity to Nevada and Arizona (ranked No. 4). ''Fraudsters are elusive,'' he
said. ''It's not surprising to me that they might go to an area where you're not
looking.''

The report attempts to identify potential collusion between buyers and sellers
to defraud lenders. By focusing on deed transfers between relatives or business
associates -- particularly for properties sold at a loss between a linked buyer
and seller -- the report ranked states with the highest likelihood of collusion.
Alabama, Louisiana and Pennsylvania had the highest potential for collusion
according to the report, based on transfers of properties with a drop in price
of 20 to 95 percent.

These transactions are not confirmed fraud, but are ''very suspicious,'' Mr.
Coyle said. He offered a scenario of someone who buys a house for $400,000, then
later persuades the lender that his financial circumstances are such that he
needs to sell, and that a short sale at $200,000 is warranted. Unbeknownst to
the lender, the buyer is his sister.

''Generally what happens is, I sell it to my sister with a different last name
so it looks like everything's O.K.,'' he explained. His sister then transfers
ownership back to him using a quitclaim deed. ''The bank just lost $200,000,''
he says, ''and I never even left the house.''




URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2014/12/14/realestate/falsified-mortgage-applications-on-
the-rise.html

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: CHARTS: INDEX FOR ADJUSTABLE RATE MORTGAGES: 1-year Treasury rate
(Source: HSH.com)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 The New York Times Company


                             507 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Anniston Star (Alabama)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            November 1, 2011 Tuesday

EDITORIAL: Faith-based public policy: Proof of claims of vast voter fraud in
Alabama is frustratingly absent

BYLINE: The Anniston Star, Ala.

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 518 words


Nov. 01--As a politician, Artur Davis was always difficult to typecast.

The four-term Democratic congressman representing west Alabama occasionally
voted in a way that put him at odds with national Democrats. On voter ID laws as
a way to combat voter fraud, however, Davis was in agreement with his Democratic
colleagues in Congress. That is to say that he joined those who opposed the
initiative as unnecessary and potentially harmful to legally qualified voters
who might have trouble obtaining a suitable ID card.

That's no longer the case. Davis has changed his mind.

In a mid-October column in the Montgomery Advertiser Davis wrote, "Without any
evidence to back it up, I lapsed into the rhetoric of various partisans and
activists who contend that requiring photo identification to vote is a
suppression tactic aimed at thwarting black voter participation."

His column continued, "The truth is that the most aggressive contemporary voter
suppression in the African American community, at least in Alabama, is the
wholesale manufacture of ballots, at the polls and absentee, in parts of the
Black Belt."

In doing an about-face on voter ID, Davis joins a host of Alabamians in claiming
voter fraud is rampant in Alabama.

The problem is that hard evidence to back up these claims is frustratingly
absent. Davis, who failed to win the Democratic nomination for governor in 2010,
declined to provide specifics. The public is expected to take these allegations
on faith. "I don't think that anybody who has lived in the state of Alabama over
the past 10 years doubts that voter fraud exists," Davis told a Star reporter.

The record suggests something less than a tsunami of fraud. Over the past two
decades, there have been fewer than a dozen convictions for voter fraud here.

Alabama's evidence-free view mirrors a belief by many Republicans lawmakers
across the country, as TalkingPointsMemo.com recently pointed out. In September,
U.S. Rep. Todd Rokita, R-Ind., repeated the claim that voter fraud is "happening
everywhere from New York to California." So, why so few prosecutions? Rokita,
who was Indiana's secretary of state for eight years, said, "It's the kind of
cases, the kind of fraud, that's very hard to prosecute, but that doesn't mean
it doesn't exist."

In your heart, you know there's fraud?

The left-leaning Brennan Center for Justice disagrees. Its 2007 study reported
"voter fraud is extraordinarily rare." It went on to suggest, "This is because
fraud by individual voters is a singularly foolish and ineffective way to
attempt to win an election." Lawbreakers face the prospect of five years behind
bars and a $10,000, fine all to change just few votes, rarely enough to swing an
election.

Mere belief in widespread voter fraud without dates, names and locations was
enough to convince the state to pass a tough voter ID law. That's a sloppy way
for lawmakers to conduct public policy. The harm from the law, however, may
become tangible very soon.

___ (c)2011 The Anniston Star (Anniston, Ala.) Visit The Anniston Star
(Anniston, Ala.) at www.annistonstar.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: November 1, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20111101-AO-EDITORIAL-Faith-based-public-policy-Proof-of-claims-of-vast-voter-
fraud-in-Alabama-is-frustratingly-absent-1101-20111101

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AO


                        Copyright 2011 The Anniston Star


                             508 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                    January 20, 1994, Thursday, City Edition

DOW SETS ANOTHER RECORD.

SECTION: BUSINESS; BUSINESS DIGEST; Pg. 1E

LENGTH: 849 words



Some worse-than-expected corporate earnings reports depressed technology  stocks
Wednesday, but the Dow Jones industrial average rose 14.08 points to  3,884.37,
eclipsing its previous mark of 3,870.29.

Nation

Phar-Mor scandal powered by "greed'

   Power, greed and loyalty to Phar-Mor founder Michael Monus fueled an  alleged
$ 1-billion insider fraud scheme at the drugstore chain, a  court-appointed
examiner said Wednesday.

Jay Alix, head of a Southfield, Mich. corporate turnaround company,  submitted
his findings to U.S. Bankruptcy Court Judge William T. Bodoh.

Monus and top aides at the Youngstown, Ohio discount drug chain are accused  of
doctoring accounting entries during a six-year period, which inflated the
company's stock value by about $ 1-billion.

Monus, 46, has been indicted on 129 counts including bank, mail, wire and  tax
fraud. His trial is to begin Feb. 14 in Cleveland federal court.

Monus' two top lieutenants, Patrick B. Finn and Jeffrey C. Walley, already  have
pleaded guilty to fraud.

Richard D. Goldberg, Monus' attorney, said Monus had not seen the report  and
could not comment.

   SEARS TO SPONSOR COLLINS. Sears, Roebuck and Co., hoping to enhance its
appeal to younger consumers, said Wednesday it will be the exclusive sponsor  of
rock singer Phil Collins' U.S. tour this summer. It is Sears' first rock
sponsorship arrangement.

   LABOR VOWS ENFORCEMENT. The Labor Department said Wednesday that it had
stepped up its efforts to prosecute businesses for violating labor laws and
vowed to continue the crackdown in an effort to help American workers.

Tampa Bay/State

   LINVATEC LAYS OFF WORKERS. Largo medical products manufacturer Linvatec
Corp. has laid off an undisclosed number of employees as part of a companywide
shakeup by parent Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. Company officials would not say how
many of its estimated 500 employees lost their jobs, or whether more layoffs
were planned. Earlier this month, Bristol-Myers Squibb announced it would
reduce its worldwide work force by 5,000 employees. The pharmaceutical giant
bought Linvatec, formerly known as Concepts Inc., in 1990. As recently as  1992,
the company employed about 850 people at its 150,000-square-foot plant  in
Largo, according to the Florida Manufacturers Register.

ASIAN-OWNED BANK OPENING. An assortment of Chinese business owners is  opening
one of Florida's first Asian-owned banks today. Great Eastern Bank of  Florida's
office is in a Miami office park and warehouse district popular with  Asian
newcomers and exporters.

   DICKIE OPENING IN ORLANDO. With the appeal of work clothes becoming even
more trendy, Williamson-Dickie Manufacturing Co. is opening its first retail
outlet next month in Florida at the Belz Factory Outlet World in Orlando.

WESTELL SIGNS DEAL. Westell Inc. has signed an agreement to provide systems  to
Bell Atlantic Corp. for the delivery of interactive video and local  telephone
service over existing copper wires. Terms of the contract were not  disclosed,
but Westell said the arrangement will accelerate Bell Atlantic's  move into the
multimedia market. Westell has offices in Tampa and Oswego,  Ill., where it has
a manufacturing plant. Much of what Westell is deploying is  based on technology
developed by AT&T Paradyne in Largo.

Earnings

   AMR CORP. The parent of American Airlines said Wednesday it lost  $
253-million in the fourth quarter and $ 110-million for the year, mostly
because of a pre-Thanksgiving strike by flight attendants. The airline said  the
five-day walkout cut profits by $ 190-million - more than the $ 160-million  the
company had expected.

DIGITAL EQUIPMENT CORP. The high-tech company reported Wednesday a  $
72.1-million net loss for its second quarter, leading analysts to question
whether the company has left its troubles behind.

   PFIZER INC. Battered by competition in drug prices and an unexpected  slowing
in buying by wholesalers, the diversified New York-based health care  company
reported it earned 90 cents a share in the fourth quarter. Pfizer said  net
income for the year fell 19 percent to $ 657.5-million, including a  $
525-million after-tax restructuring charge.

Best Mortgage Rate

  The best 30-year fixed mortgage rate in the Tampa Bay area as reported
Wednesday was 7.125 percent with 0 points offered by, among others, Mandarin
Mortgage (813) 963-6263, Apex Mortgage (813) 684-1111, and Abbot Mortgage  (813)
538-8660. For additional mortgage rate information, see the complete  list of
rates offered by area institutions in Saturday's Home & Garden  section. The
information is supplied by National Financial News Services in  West Chester,
Pa.

DOW              DOLLAR             YIELD

30 industrials   vs. Japanese yen   30-year U.S. bond

3884.37          111.30             6.29

+14.08          +0.54             +0.03

LOAD-DATE: January 22, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: DIGEST

                            Times Publishing Company


                             509 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               January 15, 1988, Friday, Late City Final Edition

Word May Be 'Fraud' For Man Seen on TV

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section A; Page 14, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 159 words

DATELINE: LOS ANGELES, Jan. 14


A man described as the biggest winner in the history of televison's ''Password''
game show was arrested on fraud charges today by Federal agents when he arrived
to pick up his $58,000 prize check, the authorities said.

The man, Kerry Ketchem, 36 years old, made four appearances on the NBC game show
in Burbank Jan. 8 and again Monday through Wednesday, using the name Patrick
Quinn. He was arrested at the producer's office here after viewers in Anchorage
recognized him as a fugitive in a credit card fraud case, said Ron Williams, a
Secret Service official.

''It took real chutzpah for somebody on the lam to make an appearance on a
national network show,'' said Jerry Chester, executive vice president of Mark
Goodson Productions in New York.

Mr. Williams, who said the Secret Service had jurisdiction in some credit card
fraud cases, said the man did about $25,000 dollars worth of fraud on credit
cards under the name Patrick Quinn in Alaska.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company


                             510 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Daily Item (Sunbury, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            July 25, 2012 Wednesday

AG: There's no evidence of voter fraud

BYLINE: Rick Dandes, The Daily Item, Sunbury, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 618 words


July 25--HARRISBURG -- As the commonwealth prepares to defend itself in a
lawsuit targeting legislation that would require all voters to present
identification at the polls, court documents show that the attorney general's
office has made a startling admission -- there is no evidence that voter fraud
has taken place in Pennsylvania.

Senior Deputy Attorney General Patrick S. Cawley stipulated Tuesday that "there
have been no investigations or prosecutions of in-person voter fraud in
Pennsylvania, and the parties do not have direct personal knowledge of any such
investigations or prosecutions in other states."

So why does Pennsylvania have the law in the first place, if there have been no
documented cases of voter ID fraud?

The American Civil Liberties Union-initiated lawsuit, which will be heard today
in Commonwealth Court, could answer that question, which is why it's getting so
much national attention.

Mimi Marziani, , of the Brennan Center for Justice in New York City, thinks she
has an answer.

"Pennsylvania's voter ID law fits into the bigger picture of voting rights
battles taking place across the country this year," Marziani said, "and there
are potential implications for the election. I can't get into the head of
legislators, but these laws are only being enacted in states like Pennsylvania,
Texas and Florida, where the legislatures have Republican majorities. There have
been 180 such restrictive laws enacted since 2010. That's quite an extraordinary
number."

Last week, Marziani said, the center's democracy program released a report
showing that restrictive voter ID laws in Pennsylvania and nine other states
across the U.S. could prevent large swaths of elderly, poor and minority
citizens from voting. The report showed that in Pennsylvania, nearly 2.3 million
voting-age citizens--or about 24 percent--live more than 10 miles from the
nearest state Department of Transportation ID-issuing office open more than two
days a week. In addition, 135,544 voting-age citizens lack access to a vehicle
and live more than 10 miles from a state ID-issuing office open more than two
days per week.

Arguing on behalf of 10 plaintiffs, the American Civil Liberties Union and its
allies say the law prevents legally registered voters who are unable to obtain
one of these accepted forms of identification from casting ballots.

It's a burden, they argue, that disproportionately falls on groups such as the
elderly, poor and minorities.

"Those with acceptable photo ID will also be harmed because implementation of
the Voter ID law will lead to longer lines, confusion and delays at the polling
places, as election officials struggle with the new and different types of ID,"
the law's opponents said in their written arguments.

Meanwhile, a rally at the Capitol against the Voter ID law on Tuesday afternoon
spilled over into a news conference where the state's top election official
defended the law and efforts to implement it.

About two dozen protesters, who were blocked by Capitol police from attending
Secretary of State Carol Aichele's news conference, chanted and sang outside the
room. At times, they nearly drowned out Aichele as she answered reporters'
questions.

Several Democratic legislators who took part in the rally were allowed to attend
the news conference, and followed with one of their own. They criticized
authorities for limiting public access to the media event and renewed charges
that the new law is part of national effort by Republicans to suppress the
Democratic vote in the Nov. 6 election.

--With reporting by The Associated Press

___ (c)2012 The Daily Item (Sunbury, Pa.) Visit The Daily Item (Sunbury, Pa.) at
www.dailyitem.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120725-DN-AG-There-s-no-evidence-of-voter-fraud-20120725

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DN


                         Copyright 2012 The Daily Item


                             511 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Massachusetts Lawyers Weekly

                          September 18, 2014 Thursday

Contract - Marketing agreement - Commissions

BYLINE: Tom Egan

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1377  words


Where a plaintiff has brought suit claiming to be owed commissions under a
marketing agreement, a motion by the defendants to dismiss the complaint should
only be allowed as to counts against one defendant for intentional interference
with contractual relations and aiding and abetting fraud.

Background

"Plaintiff Licensed 2 Thrill, LLC ('L2T') brings this lawsuit against Defendants
Rakuten, Inc. ('Rakuten'), Rakuten USA, Inc. ('Rakuten USA') and FreeCause, Inc.
('FreeCause') asserting a number of claims arising from the parties' affiliate
marketing agreement. ...

"In 2008, FreeCause developed a software that allows Internet users to opt into
loyalty/affinity programs for popular brands and charities. ...

"L2T is a company engaged in business development, sales and marketing. ... On
December 28, 2008, L2T and FreeCause entered into a Referral Partner Program
Agreement ('RPP Agreement'). ... Under the RPP Agreement, L2T would introduce to
FreeCause certain businesses and then FreeCause would promote its software to
these businesses. ... If the introduction to a business resulted in FreeCause's
software being downloaded (and thereby generating revenue for FreeCause), L2T
would receive a ten percent commission from the gross revenues. ...

"... By late 2009, L2T alleges, it had introduced FreeCause to dozens of
contacts, including CBS Sports, which signed a contract with FreeCause around
2008 or 2009. ... L2T alleges, upon information and belief, that within one year
of the signing of such contract, 'there were more than 160,000 FreeCause
software downloads to accounts associated with CBS Sports. ' ... L2T asserts
that it should have received $48,000 per month in commissions as a result of the
CBS Sports lead alone, totaling more than $500,000 to date. ... L2T alleges that
FreeCause has paid only about $50,000 total for all of the contacts L2T provided
to it. "

Statute of frauds

"The Defendants first argue that L2T's contract-based claims for breach of
contract, breach of the implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing,
violation of Mass. Gen. L. c. 93A, unjust enrichment and quantum meruit are
barred by the Massachusetts Business Brokers Statute of Frauds, Mass. Gen. L. c.
259, §7. ... Specifically, the Defendants refer to L2T's allegations that 'after
executing the contract, L2T and FreeCause modified and ratified the
modifications through the parties('] actions. ' ...

"The Court concludes that L2T has sufficiently pleaded a breach of contract
claim. ...

"The Court acknowledges that L2T has also alleged that shortly after the parties
entered into the RPP Agreement, they began to 'more informally interact(],' ...
and 'modified the agreement by waiving the requirement of L2T supplying a
written Lead Activity Form and FreeCause supplying its acceptance in writing. '
... Here, however, L2T has not sued FreeCause for its failure to abide by the
terms of the contract's modification, but rather, for its alleged failure to
comply with the terms of the RPP Agreement. Specifically, L2T has alleged that
it introduced FreeCause to CBS Sports and that FreeCause and CBS Sports entered
into a contract around the same time; FreeCause, however, did not make royalty
payments for this lead. ... L2T has, therefore, sued 'on the written contract,'
i.e., FreeCause's obligation under the RPP Agreement to pay commissions for
leads it accepts. Reading the complaint as a whole, a reasonable inference is
that L2T alleges FreeCause shirked its obligations under the terms of the RPP
Agreement and entered into a contract with CBS Sports without formally accepting
the lead per the terms of the contract it had with L2T. L2T has thus pleaded as
the basis of its breach of contract claim that L2T violated the RPP Agreement.
...

"For these reasons, the Court denies the motion to dismiss the breach of
contract claim. To the extent Defendants move to dismiss the fraud, c. 93A,
unjust enrichment, quantum meruit and breach of the covenant of good faith and
fair dealing on the grounds that 'Plaintiff is seeking to enforce an unwritten
promise to pay commissions for finder services,' ... the Court also denies such
motion for the reasons discussed above. "

Tortious interference

"L2T has alleged that Rakuten USA knowingly interfered with the RPP Agreement by
'causing future software sales to L2T's clients to be made to leads provided by
L2T through Rakuten and Rakuten USA's other subsidiaries, not through FreeCause.
' ... The facts pleaded, however, do not sufficiently state an improper motive
or means. L2T alleges that Rakuten USA 'fraudulently misrepresent(ed] facts to
L2T for the purpose of inducing L2T to introduce FreeCause to L2T's business
contacts. ' ... While fraud could constitute an improper motive or means, the
allegations as pleaded do not sufficiently provide a factual basis that Rakuten
USA made fraudulent misrepresentations. The Court cannot discern another basis
of an improper motive or means from the facts alleged as against Rakuten USA,
particularly given that a defendant's 'legitimate advancement of its own
economic interest' ... is not 'improper' for purposes of a tortious interference
claim. ' ..."

Fraud

"The Defendants preliminarily argue that the fraud and aiding and abetting fraud
claims should be dismissed because they were filed outside of the three-year
statute of limitations. ... The Court declines to dismiss the fraud claims on
these grounds. The statute of limitations for torts under Massachusetts law is
three years. Mass. Gen. L. c. 260, §2A. ...

"L2T filed its complaint on May 23, 2013. ... The Court cannot conclude that the
amended complaint clearly establishes that L2T knew or should have known prior
to May 23, 2010 whether, as alleged, FreeCause was improperly withholding
payments, particularly in light of the allegation that FreeCause was paying at
least some commission to L2T through 2010. ... This issue is one to be resolved
after discovery. Therefore, the Court will not dismiss the fraud claims based on
the statute of limitations at this juncture. ...

"The Defendants also argue that L2T has not pleaded its fraud claims with
particularity. ... The Court agrees with the Defendants, but only as to the
aiding and abetting fraud claim against Rakuten USA. ...

"The Court concludes that L2T has satisfied Fed. R. Civ. P. 9(b) in pleading
fraudulent misrepresentation against FreeCause. ... Assuming L2T's assertions
about the nature of FreeCause's alleged misrepresentations are true (as the
Court must at this juncture), it is reasonable to believe that FreeCause
representatives, including its principals, would be aware of the accounting
procedures the company used regarding commissions and that FreeCause knowingly
misrepresented what the commissions would be and how they would be calculated to
induce L2T to enter into the RPP Agreement and subsequently provide FreeCause
with its business contacts.

"The Court cannot so conclude, however, as to the aiding and abetting fraud
claim brought against Rakuten USA. As Defendants note, ... the complaint does
not specify which Rakuten USA representative aided and abetted in FreeCause's
purportedly fraudulent acts, when such aiding and abetting occurred or the
nature of Rakuten USA's assistance or encouragement. ..."

Conspiracy

"... While L2T did not state with particularity its basis for alleging its fraud
-based claim against Rakuten USA, there is sufficient factual basis satisfying
Fed. R. Civ. P. 8(a) that Rakuten USA acted in furtherance of an agreement
between FreeCause and Rakuten USA to support FreeCause's allegedly tortious
conduct. As discussed above, L2T has pleaded that the Defendants
'misrepresent(ed] facts to L2T for the purpose of inducing L2T to introduce
FreeCause to L2T's business contacts and then (] divert those same contacts to
Rakuten's subsidiaries to avoid paying L2T the commissions it should have paid
L2T. ' ... These allegations are sufficient to state a claim for civil
conspiracy. "

Licensed 2 Thrill, LLC v. Rakuten, Inc., et al. (Lawyers Weekly No. 02-466-14)
(13 pages) (Casper, J.) (USDC) (Civil Action No. 13-11257-DJC) (Sept. 15, 2014).

Click here for the full-text opinion.



http://www.masslawyersweekly.com/be-the-first-to-know/ Click here for more from
this resource.

© 2014 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             512 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Credit Union Journal

                               September 27, 2010

Worth Noting

SECTION: GENERAL NEWS; Pg. 3 Vol. 14 No. 39

LENGTH: 887  words


Former CUNA Chair, Eugene, Dies

NORFOLK, Va.â(EURO)"Former CUNA Chairman Christie Eugene, 82, has died. Mr.
Eugene was active in CUs for 61 years, including serving as CUNA chair from
1991-93 and 13 years on the CUNA board. Eugene began leading Norfolk Fire
Department FCU in 1948, before retiring in 2002, and then remaining as
treasurer. Eugene also held numerous volunteer positions with the Virginia
league, from which he received the James P. Kirsch Lifetime Achievement Award in
2006. In 2009, he was inducted into the national CU House of Leaders.

CUNA, NAFCU Make Nominations

WASHINGTONâ(EURO)"CUNA has nominated Mike Long, chief credit officer with UW CU,
Madison, Wis., to serve on the Federal Reserveâ(EURO)(TM)s Consumer Advisory
Council, and re-nominated Alan Cameron, CEO of the Idaho league, to continue
serving on the council. NAFCU nominated Daniel Berry of Duke University FCU and
Issa Elias Stephan of First Financial FCU for positions on the CAC.

CSCU Hosting Three Fraud Webcasts

CLEARWATER, Fla.â(EURO)"Card Services for Credit Unions is launching a
three-part â(EURO)oeFraud Prevention Webcast Seriesâ(EURO) that is open to all
CUs and which it says is designed to offer a tune-upâ(EURO) to CU fraud-fighting
efforts. Sessions are scheduled for: Sept. 21, â(EURO)oeFighting Fraud Today-
Fraud Trends 2010â(EURO) (1 hour); Oct. 13, â(EURO)oeThe Fraud Squadâ(EURO) (90
minutes) and Nov. 17, â(EURO)oeOptimize Your Fraud Prevention Engine- Fraud
Tune-Up Tipsâ(EURO) (90 minutes).

For info: www.cscu.net.

Poll Links CUs, Candidate Support

WASHINGTONâ(EURO)"CUNA has released what it said is an â(EURO)oeoverwhelmingly
positive responseâ(EURO) by voters in a poll that indicates they would support a
candidate who fights against banks and makes it possible for credit unions to
provide loans to small businesses in their respective communities. The
CUNA-sponsored poll, conducted by Frederick Polls of Arlington, Va. and
Voter/Consumer Research of Washington, found that no fewer than three-in-five
voters in separate polls of voters in eight congressional districts around the
country said they would have a â(EURO)oepositive reactionâ(EURO) to a candidate
opposing bank interests and supporting expanded CU MBL authority.

SECU Gives Members 'Another Chanceâ(EURO)(TM)

RALEIGH, N.C.â(EURO)"State Employeesâ(EURO)(TM) CU is offering members
â(EURO)oeAnother Chanceâ(EURO) when it comes to NSF fees and returned check
charges. Another Chance sends checking account-holders a text or other message
whenever a potential NSF might occur. If members make a deposit by the end of
the business day, no NSF fee is charged. SECU offers â(EURO)oeNSF Fee Free
Days,â(EURO) meanwhile, waive any $12 NSF fees the member may incur on two days
each year.

For info: www.nsecu.org.

Irelandâ(EURO)(TM)s CUs Get Warning

DUBLIN, Irelandâ(EURO)"Irelandâ(EURO)(TM)s chief regulator has warned this
countryâ(EURO)(TM)s CUs they can no longer continue paying overly generous
dividends on member savings. James Oâ(EURO)(TM)Brien, the countryâ(EURO)(TM)s
registrar of CUs, said falling income levels and higher loan losses mean many
CUs must rethink their pricing, and that the regulator will be taking a more
aggressive posture in monitoring CUs.

Assenmacher To Retire From MCCCU

MONROE, Mich.â(EURO)"Monroe County Community CU President/CEO Paul Assenmacher
said he will retire on April 1, 2011 after nearly 40 years with MCCCU. During
his tenure, the CU grew from eight employees, approximately 2,800 members and $4
million in assets, to 68 employees, more than 30,000 members and $143 million in
assets. Current EVP/COO Mike Newman has been named to succeed Assenmacher.

Discovery Conference To Be Held Online

MADISON, Wis.â(EURO)"CUNA Mutual Groupâ(EURO)(TM)s said it will, for the first
time, host its 2010 Discovery Conference online on Nov. 3. Registration is free
for the day-long event, which will include opportunities for networking via chat
rooms, an exhibit hall, and prizes. Registration will open Sept. 27 at
www.cunamutual.com/discoveryonline.

Michigan CUs Post Positive Numbers

LANSING, Mich.â(EURO)"Michigan credit unions showed continued growth in the
second quarter, reporting strong net worth, lending, and membership gains,
according to CUNA and NCUA data. During Q2, 15,000 additional members have
joined CUs, earnings averaged 0.3%, the average net worth ratio is 10.7%,
lending grew 1.2% (led by used auto loans), and commercial loans were up 17.7%.

White Paper Examines Grant Process

MADISON, Wis.â(EURO)"Why donâ(EURO)(TM)t more credit unions apply for grants? A
new white paper seeks to make the grant application process less intimidating.
Released by the CUNA Marketing & Business Development Council, â(EURO)oeWriting
Grants Right: Extend Your Outreachâ(EURO)"and Budgetâ(EURO) demystifies the
â(EURO)oegrant-writing process and offers practical recommendations on where to
look for funding, how to cultivate relationships with grant-makers, and how to
craft a winning application.â(EURO)

For info: www.cunacouncils.org and select the â(EURO)oeMarketing & BizDevâ(EURO)
tab.

NAFCU Webcast For Directors

WASHINGTONâ(EURO)"NAFCU will host a webcast on Sept. 29 titled,
â(EURO)oeFiduciary Duties: The Changing Landscape for Credit Union
Directorsâ(EURO) from 2-3:30 p.m. EDT.

For info: 800-344-5580, www.nafcu.org/FiduciaryDuties.

URL: http://www.cujournal.com/

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter

JOURNAL-CODE: CUJ


                        Copyright 2010 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             513 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                 The Daily Record of Rochester (Rochester, NY)

                          February 25, 2004 Wednesday

NY governor announces grants for programs to reduce motor vehicle theft and
insurance fraud

BYLINE: Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 426 words


Grants totaling $4.3 million for programs to reduce Motor Vehicle Theft and
Insurance Fraud across New York State are being divided among 27 communities,
including several Western New York locations. The funding will provide law
enforcement agencies with specialized training, enhanced prosecution and sting
operations that target incidences of auto theft and insurance fraud.

"These grants will provide communities with enhanced resources to prevent auto
theft and insurance fraud which cost New Yorkers and the auto insurance industry
millions of dollars each year," noted Gov. George Pataki.

Director of Criminal Justice Chauncey G. Parker said, "Auto theft is a crime
that disrupts lives and poses significant costs for all New Yorkers. By
targeting the organized trading of stolen cars and parts, police and prosecutors
can reduce auto theft and incidences of insurance fraud."

New York State has made considerable progress in its efforts to reduce the
incidence of motor vehicle theft.

Among the grant recipients named in the recent announcement were:

City of Buffalo Police Department: $80,000. This funding will enable the Buffalo
Police Department to dedicate a detective to investigations and enforcement
initiatives designed to reduce the incidence of motor vehicle theft and
insurance fraud.

Town of Cheektowaga Police Department: $35,000. The Cheektowaga Police
Department will continue targeted law enforcement efforts intended to reduce
motor vehicle theft and insurance fraud through enhanced investigation.

Erie County District Attorney's Office: $160,000. The Erie County District
Attorney's Office will continue the coordination of law enforcement efforts
intended to reduce motor vehicle theft and insurance fraud and provide
specialized prosecution of such cases.

Monroe County District Attorney's Office: $142,549. This new award will allow
the Monroe County District Attorney to initiate the coordination of law
enforcement efforts intended to reduce motor vehicle theft and insurance fraud
and provide specialized prosecution of such cases.

City of Rochester Police Department: $50,000. The Rochester Police Department
will continue targeted law enforcement efforts intended to reduce motor vehicle
theft and insurance fraud.

Niagara County District Attorney's Office: $120,000. The Niagara County District
Attorney will continue to coordinate law enforcement efforts intended to reduce
motor vehicle theft and insurance fraud and to provide specialized prosecution
of such cases.

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Government activity

                      Copyright 2004 Dolan Media Newswires
                                All Rights Reserved


                             514 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 14, 2015 Tuesday

Last Two Defendants Sentenced In Bakersfield Mortgage Fraud Scheme

LENGTH: 422  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


United States Attorney's Office for the Eastern District of California has
issued the following press release:

Evelyn Brigget Sanchez, 32, and Darling Arlette Montalvo, 34, both of
Bakersfield, were sentenced today to two years in prison each for their
involvement in a mortgage fraud scheme that ran from October 2005 to May 2007,
United States Attorney Benjamin B. Wagner announced. Sanchez and Montalvo were
convicted at trial of conspiracy to commit mail fraud, wire fraud, and bank
fraud. Sanchez was also convicted of 11 counts of mail fraud, and Montalvo was
also convicted of 10 counts of mail fraud and one count of money laundering.

According to court documents, between October 2005 and May 2007, Sanchez and
Montalvo conspired with co-defendants Eric Hernandez, Monica Hernandez, and
Patricia King to defraud mortgage lenders by submitting false loan applications
and fraudulent supporting documentation, causing the lenders to fund mortgage
loans for the defendants' benefit on the basis of false and misleading
information. During this time, Eric Hernandez and Evelyn Sanchez were employed
at mortgage brokerages in Bakersfield. The defendants submitted loan
applications to lenders that included material misstatements concerning the
borrowers' income, assets, and employment, and false statements concerning the
borrowers' intent to reside in the properties as owner-occupiers, among other
false statements. The defendants also fabricated false supporting documentation
and submitted it to lenders in support of the loan applications.

The court also ordered the defendants to pay forfeiture money judgments to the
United States in the amounts of $1,412,100 for Sanchez and $1,017,100 for
Montalvo. The court set a further hearing on June 22, 2015 to determine the
restitution amounts owed to victims of the crime.

Eric Hernandez, Monica Hernandez, and Patricia King previously pleaded guilty
and were sentenced for their roles in the scheme. Eric Hernandez was sentenced
on Sept. 16, 2013, to 10 years and 10 months in prison. King was sentenced on
April 23, 2012, to three years and one month in prison. Monica Hernandez was
sentenced on January 5, 2015, to one year in prison.

This case is the product of an investigation by the Internal Revenue Service -
Criminal Investigation and the Federal Bureau of Investigation. Assistant U.S.
Attorneys Kirk Sherriff and Henry Carbajal III prosecuted the case.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             515 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Lawyers Weekly USA

                                January 29, 2007

Defendant must show 'bad faith' to get attorney fees, rules Illinois Supreme
Court

BYLINE: Lawyers USA Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 234  words


A defendant must show bad faith on the plaintiff's part to recover attorney fees
as the prevailing party in a consumer fraud action, the Illinois Supreme Court
has ruled.

The plaintiff, unhappy with the weather on a safari trip arranged by the
defendant, sued under a consumer fraud statute.

The trial court awarded the defendant summary judgment, ruling that it had not
engaged in any deceptive act or practice and should not, on public policy
grounds, be held liable for acts of God.

As the prevailing party in the fraud suit, the defendant sought attorney fees.

But the Illinois Supreme Court held that bad faith is a prerequisite for
attorney fees to be awarded to the prevailing defendant in a consumer fraud
action, and this defendant had not made such a showing.

"Limiting a consumer fraud defendant's ability to recover fees to instances
where the plaintiff acted in bad faith," the court said, "is consistent with the
purpose of the [Illinois Consumer Fraud and Deceptive Business Practices] Act.
If this limitation did not exist, a prevailing defendant could be awarded fees
simply because the plaintiff, although having a legitimate claim and proceeding
in good faith, lost at trial on the proofs. The potential for such a penalty
would act as a deterrent to the filing of valid consumer fraud claims. "

Krautsack v. Anderson (Lawyers USA No. 9934922) Illinois Supreme Court No.
101718. Dec. 21, 2006.

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             516 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                        The Daily Record (Baltimore, MD)

                              July 16, 2004 Friday

The health care fraud/affirmative civil enforcement team

BYLINE: Peter Geier

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 426 words


Unit chief Virginia B. Evans, a federal prosecutor for more than 20 years,
practiced in New Orleans, La. and Brooklyn, N.Y., before to coming to Baltimore
in 1991. She has worked on health care fraud cases since 1995, branching into
civil health care fraud in 2001.

In addition to managing the health care fraud/affirmative civil enforcement unit
and reviewing all incoming referrals, Evans trains and does outreach to law
enforcement agencies, trade associations, beneficiary groups, fiscal
intermediaries and insurance carriers.

The goal of all that outreach is to bring in more cases -- and thereby make more
work for her five assistant attorneys:

*Roann Nichols, with more than a decade of civil and criminal health care fraud
experience, is the health care fraud coordinator. Nichols keeps in contact with
investigative agencies, fiscal intermediaries and carriers, and helps review
health care fraud cases those sources refer to the unit, Evans said.

*Michael A. DiPietro, former head of Attorney General J. Joseph Curran Jr.'s
insurance fraud unit, is the affirmative civil enforcement (ACE) coordinator.
DiPietro, with civil and criminal law experience at the federal, state and local
government levels, reviews all the office's criminal cases for ACE recovery
potential, but focuses mainly on civil cases involving government contracting
and grant fraud.

*Thomas F. Corcoran came to the unit from a private medical malpractice defense
practice. Corcoran works on civil and criminal health care fraud cases and is
developing an expertise in defense contracting fraud. He also watches the
bankruptcy docket and the U.S. Attorney's financial litigation unit for ACE
matters, Evans said.

*Jamie M. Bennett, a long-time federal prosecutor with lots of trial experience,
was formerly in private practice. Bennett does civil and criminal cases, mostly
health care fraud, but also has worked on False Claims Act cases involving
federal flood insurance and other government programs, Evans said.

*Gina L. Simms, in the U.S. Attorney's Greenbelt office, is not technically a
member of the health care fraud/ACE unit; she works exclusively on criminal
health care fraud matters. She refers cases with civil potential not yet
addressed to the Baltimore unit. (The case of Dr. Lum Lui, the dentist discussed
in the main story, is just one example, Evans said.)

Rounding out the team are full-time paralegal Glenda Foster and health care
fraud/ACE auditor Mary G. Hammond, formerly with Curran's office, who does the
unit's data analysis.

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: General news

                      Copyright 2004 Dolan Media Newswires


                             517 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   December 12, 1992, Saturday, Final Edition

Md. State Police Start Insurance Fraud Section

Richard Tapscott, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: METRO; PAGE B8

LENGTH: 242 words

DATELINE: ANNAPOLIS, Dec. 11, 1992


Using $ 110,000 donated by insurance companies, the Schaefer administration
launched a six-member investigative unit in the Maryland State Police today to
combat insurance fraud.

"The criminals who commit insurance fraud are taking money from the pockets of
Maryland citizens, who must pay for this crime through higher insurance
premiums," Gov. William Donald Schaefer said.

Schaefer, who was rebuffed by the General Assembly this year when he tried to
establish such a unit as part of insurance industry revisions, said he could not
have gotten it off the ground without the private contributions, which will
cover operating costs this year.

William A. Fogle Jr., secretary of the Department of Licensing and Regulation,
said the unusual funding mechanism for the fraud unit represented "another
opportunity to bring government and the private sector together."

However, the governor said he will ask for a state appropriation to pay for the
unit next year.

Nearly a half-dozen insurance executives, appearing at a news conference with
Schaefer, said fraud annually accounts for millions of dollars in losses, which
must be made up through premiums. A 5 percent fraud rate in Maryland would total
more than $ 50 million.

The state joins at least nine others with special units to investigate insurance
fraud.

The new unit, headed by Lt. John R. Davis, will have investigators and an
assistant attorney general to speed prosecutions.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: MARYLAND NEWS

                       Copyright 1992 The Washington Post


                             518 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                           The Jena Times (Louisiana)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                October 24, 2012

Voter fraud is the way to Americas destruction

BYLINE: The Jena Times staff

LENGTH: 805  words


Does voter fraud actually exist?

If you ask members of the Obama administration, Democratic lawmakers or the
left-leaning media, they often argue it's a myth concocted by Republicans to
suppress Democratic turnout.

Even U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder has called voter fraud "a problem ithat
does not really exist."

But what you won't see in most of the nation's headlines is the series of ex-I
plosive investigations by patriot James O'Keefe and his nonprofit, Project
Veritas.

In stunning video footage (called '"DNC Staffer Assists Double Voting In Support
of Obama" on YouTube), a top Obama campaign worker gleefully helps an undercover
reporter obtain ballots in two states. The reporter identifies herself as an
Obama supporter who has illegally registered in Florida and Texas.

Organizing for America regional field director Stephanie Caballero a salaried
employee of the Democratic National Committee in Houston offers to print out a
ballot the reporter can mail to Florida.

"Oh, my God, this is so funny," Caballero says. "It's cool, though."

She advised the undercover reporter to say "I don't know" to anyone who might
check.

Caballero was fired after the video's release, but only after House Judiciary
Committee Chairman Lamar Smith demanded that the Obama campaign and DNC
terminate staffers who engaged in voter fraud.

However, this was no isolated incident. Project Veritas' latest effort in Texas,
New Jersey, New York and Connecticut shows Obama campaign workers helping people
who want to commit election fraud.

In April, I wrote about investigations in Minnesota, New Hampshire and Vermont,
where O'Keefe obtained ballots by using celebrity names, such as Tom Brady and
Tim Tebow, and even the names of some of the 1.8 million people who are deceased
but still registered voters. Video proof from Eric Holder's own voting precinct
in Washington, D.C., revealed that voter fraud is alive and well in the nation's
capital.

O'Keefe promised to release more videos as long as the Obama campaign, Congress,
governors, attorneys general and the media continue to downplay his
investigations.

Obama campaign staffers are only doing what they are told and emulating what
they see as acceptable to their leaders. Meanwhile, the Obama administration is
working to nullify state laws enacted to prevent voter fraud.

As WorldNetDaily reported, the Advancement Project a powerful group with leaders
who have donated tens of thousands of dollars to the Obama campaign and DNC -
also has been waging a war against voter ID laws.

These common-sense laws safeguard election integrity by requiring a voter to
present identification before casting a ballot. A Washington Post poll reveals
that voter ID laws have support from 74 percent of Americans. And voter fraud is
widespread:

According to The Columbus Dispatch, at least I in 5 registered voters in Ohio
should be ineligible to cast a ballot.

True the Vote, an election integrity group, notified 160 counties that there are
more voters on registration rolls than eligible voters in each location.

In February, the Pew Center found 2.8 million people with active registrations
in more than one state.

-According to Project Veritas, the North Carolina Board of Elections was given a
list of 30,000 residents who died between 2002 and 2012 and still are registered
to vote. (And that's a state Obama won by only 14,000 votes in 2008!)

Good citizens must ensure that Americans enjoy a secure system of elections.
There are ways to help stop voter fraud. What can you do?

Volunteer to be a poll watcher in your precinct, or sign up for True the Vote's
poll volunteer program.

When you encounter a case of possible voter fraud, report it to election
officials, media and lawmakers.

Support voter ID laws in your state.

Demand that Congress investigate cases of fraud.

Pressure state lawmakers to require verification of voters' citizenship using
the U.S. Department of Homeland Security's Systematic Alien Verification for
Entitlements database. In states where fraud is rampant, task forces must
investigate.

State and federal judges have blocked or postponed implementation of voter ID
laws in several states. Pressure governors and state attorneys general to have
such voter ID rulings overturned. The system cannot be trusted!

Go to http://www.EndVoterFraud-Now.com and sign Project Veritas' open letter to
Holder, demanding that he "ensure enforcement of all federal and state laws
passed to protect the integrity of America's electoral system effective
immediately."

Finally, share this information to help protect the integrity of America's
election process.

Does voter" fraud actually exist? Yes! And it threatens the very fabric of our
constitutional republic.

In America, voting is a privilege that belongs only to citizens who are
qualified to vote. We have the right to safeguard it at all costs.

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JEN

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                         Copyright 2012 The Jena Times


                             519 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           November 20, 1984 Tuesday

U.S. federal grand jury indicts   Butcher and Barr on 32 counts

BYLINE: DJ

LENGTH: 267 words

DATELINE: MEMPHIS, TN


Dow Jones Service
    MEMPHIS, Tenn.  - A U.S. federal grand jury has indicted bankrupt
 financier Jake Butcher on 32 criminal counts involving actions on his
 United American Bank of Memphis. The grand jury also indicted Jesse Barr,
 a longtime associate of Mr. Butcher, on the same charges.

"Included in those counts are mail fraud, wire fraud, false statements  to the
bank, misapplication of bank funds, bank robbery and conspiracy,"  said
Assistant U.S. Attorney Dan Clancy.

District Judge Robert McRae issued arrest warrants for them, setting
 $500,000 (U.S.) unsecured bond for Mr. Butcher and a $50,000 bond for Mr.
 Barr.

Mr. Butcher and Mr. Barr were indicted last Wednesday by a Knoxville
 grand jury on 44 counts of bank fraud, conspiracy and falsifying bank
 records. They were accused of diverting $14.9-million from the United
 American Bank of Knoxville for their own personal use.

Another associate, Jack Patrick, was charged in a 32-count indictment
 with the same charges, involving the diversion of about $7-million in
 funds.

On Friday, the Federal Home Loan Bank Board closed five Tennessee
 savings and loan associations, three of them with ties to Mr. Butcher. The
 board said the banks were insolvent because of "questionable loans."
    Grand juries in Nashville, Chattanooga and Lexington, Ky., are also
 hearing evidence in the Butcher case.

Mr. Butcher and his brother, C.H. Butcher Jr., once owned or controlled
 27 banks in Tennessee and Kentucky. Nine of those banks have failed and
 the grand juries and other federal agencies are investigating those
 failure for possible criminal activities.

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1984 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             520 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 2, 2017 Thursday

Rutledge, Western Union Reach Settlement Regarding Wire Transfers Defrauding
Consumers

LENGTH: 431  words

DATELINE: New York



 Little Rock: Arkansas Attorney General Leslie Rutledge has issued the following
news release:
  Arkansas Attorney General Leslie Rutledge has reached a multistate settlement
agreement with the Colorado-based Western Union Co. to resolve an investigation
that focused on complaints of consumers who used Western Union's wire transfer
service to send money to third parties involved in schemes to defraud consumers.





 "Scam artists continue to find new ways to convince unsuspecting consumers to
wire them money using services like Western Union," said Attorney General
Rutledge. "While my office continues to educate Arkansans about the dangers of
wiring money to someone you don't know, companies like Western Union should have
protections in place to help consumers spot these types of scams. Wire transfers
cannot be tracked to be returned to the original sender if it is found to be a
scam."



 The settlement requires Western Union to develop and put into action a
comprehensive anti-fraud program designed to help detect and prevent incidents
where consumers who have been the victims of fraud use Western Union to wire
money to scam artists.



 That anti-fraud program, which Western Union has agreed to evaluate and update
as warranted, includes the following elements:



     Anti-fraud warnings on send forms that consumers use to wire money

     Mandatory and appropriate training and education for Western Union's agents
about fraud-induced wire transfers

     Heightened anti-fraud procedures when warranted by circumstances, such as
increased fraud complaints

     Due diligence checks on Western Union agents who process money transfers

     Monitoring of Western Union agent activity related to prevention for fraud
-induced money transfers

     Prompt and appropriate disciplinary action against Western Union agents who
fail to follow required protocols concerns anti-fraud measures.



 Western Union has agreed to pay a total of $5 million to the 49 states and the
District of Columbia for costs and fees. Arkansas is slated to receive more than
$53,000. Western Union also settled claims related to fraud-induced transfers
with the Federal Trade Commission and the U.S. Department of Justice that was
announced earlier this month. As part of those related settlements, Western
Union has agreed to pay $586 million to a fund that the Department of Justice
will administer to provide restitution to victims of fraud induced wire
transfers nationwide, including Arkansans.
 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             521 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 17, 2013 Tuesday

Washington: Mortgage Fraud Training

LENGTH: 311  words

DATELINE: Washington


U.S. Office of Justice Programs has issued the following news release:

Mortgage Fraud Training
September 24, 2013 - September 26, 2013
Sponsoring
Organization(s):  National White Collar Crime Center
City:  Concord
State/Territory:  New Hampshire
Country:  USA
Event Site:  Site not yet available
Classification:  Courts
Law Enforcement
Topic:  Courts
Law Enforcement
Audience/
Additional
Information:  Mortgage fraud training for investigators and prosecutors is being
offered by the NW3C as part of a larger collaborative BJA effort. The course
introduces attendees to the traditional mortgage process, and explores the
common fraud schemes during each part of the process, while identifying red
flags within the transactions and documents. Instructors discuss real-life
examples of past and present cases and assist students in working through a
mortgage fraud scenario involving several types of fraudulent activity. Many
times mortgage fraud is not a singular type of fraud and it may encompass other
crimes.

The training includes presentations and discussions on the following topics:

oPlayers, Transactions, and Documents (How the mortgage process should work)
oCommon Schemes (Descriptions of the schemes and indicators of fraud)
[#x25e6]Origination and Processing Fraud Schemes
oApplication Fraud
oIdentity Theft
oStraw Buyer
oMultiple Loans
oProperty Theft
oAppraisal Fraud
oSilent Seconds
oIllegal Flipping
oIllegal Short Sales
oBuilder Bailout


[#x25e6]Closing and Post-Closing Fraud Schemes
oReverse Mortgage Scams
oIllegal Loan Modification
oForeclosure Rescue Scam
oSection 8 Fraud
oReal Estate Owned (REO) Property
oBizarre Scams


Number of
Attendees:  36
Event URL:  http://www.nw3c.org/training/financial-crimes/64
Event
Contact:
Name:  Robert Matheny
Title:  Supervisor
Affiliation:  NW3C
Phone:  877-628-7674
Fax:  304-368-2352
Email:  rmatheny@nw3c.org

For more information please visit: https://www.ncjrs.gov

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             522 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       Telegram & Gazette (Massachusetts)

                   November 13, 2002 Wednesday, ALL EDITIONS

Woman admits to fraud;
 Computers sold on eBay weren't delivered

BYLINE: Jim Bodor

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. E1

LENGTH: 314 words

DATELINE: BOSTON



- A woman who bilked consumers around the country out of more than $800,000 in
an online computer sales scam yesterday agreed to plead guilty to 10 charges of
fraud, according to federal authorities.

The U.S. attorney's office said yesterday that Teresa Smith, 25, of Farmington,
Conn., formerly of 65 Lake Ave., Worcester, has agreed to plead guilty to five
counts of mail fraud and five counts of wire fraud.

According to the U.S. attorney's office in Boston, Ms. Smith sold hundreds of
computers through Internet auction sites from April to October 2001 and failed
to deliver the goods. Some buyers received computers, authorities said, but
about 300 others were required to make immediate payment and never received
computers or a refund.

Ms. Smith's victims inundated the Better Business Bureau of Central New England
Inc. with complaints.

West Boylston police officer Jay Dugan later arrested her on a charge of
larceny, sparking the investigation by the U.S. attorney's office. Four of Ms.
Smith's businesses used an address of Suite 32, 45 Sterling St., West Boylston.

Ms. Smith used a series of eBay identities to perpetrate her fraud, authorities
said, changing her online identity often to continue the scheme. In all she
received payments worth more than $800,000, the U.S. attorney's office said.

Ms. Smith faces a maximum sentence of five years in prison on each count and a
$250,000 fine.

People from Ohio, New Jersey, California, Michigan, New York and other states
responded to Ms. Smith's offers. They ordered computers, sending her cashier's
checks for systems priced from $2,000 to $5,200. Weeks would pass, but in most
cases they received no equipment.

When they contacted Ms. Smith to complain, she promised to deliver the equipment
soon or sent a refund check. Those checks usually bounced, the Better Business
Bureau said.

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 2002 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.


                             523 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                    December 29, 1991, Sunday, State Edition

Boxer Berbick arrested in mortgage scheme

BYLINE: TONI MOORE

SECTION: SPORTS; SPORTS DIGEST; Pg. 2C

LENGTH: 526 words



Former heavyweight boxing champion Trevor Berbick is in trouble with the law
once again. The 39-year-old boxer was arrested Friday on charges of grand theft
and mortgage fraud. He allegedly had a woman impersonate his wife in order to
take out a $ 95,000 mortgage on his Miramar home. "The impersonator signed as
his wife in May 1990. He got a cashier's check for $ 76,683 and told us he spent
the money to pay bills," Fort Lauderdale Police Sgt. John Calabro said. Police
don't know the woman who impersonated Berbick's wife but are continuing the
investigation. She also would face grand theft and fraud charges. Berbick was
freed from the Broward County Jail later Friday on $ 7,500 bail. Berbick won the




 WBC title from Pinklon Thomas in March 1986 and lost it eight months later when
Mike Tyson knocked him out in two rounds.
 Boxing: Details are being worked out for a rematch between heavyweight champion
Evander Holyfield and George Foreman, promoter Bob Arum told the Atlanta
Journal-Constitution Friday.
 Preps: Coach Lesly Gaetjens of Washington, D.C.'s Bell Multi-Cultural School
was hospitalized after he received head injuries from punches by point guard
Raynard Etheridge in the third period of a tournament game, the Washington Post
reported Saturday. Etheridge, 18, said he was angered when his coach refused to
dedicate the game to Bert Reid, a Bell soccer player and Etheridge's closest
friend, who recently had been killed. Gaetjens said dedicating the game never
came up before the incident.  Etheridge was charged with simple assault.
 Women's basketball: At the Big Ten-Southeastern Conference Challenge at
Knoxville, Tenn., on Saturday, No. 3 Tennessee (6-1) beat No. 7 Penn State (7-3)
82-81 on Kelli Casteel's basket with four seconds left. Then, Vanderbilt's Donna
Harris scored a season-high 29 points and Julie Powell had 28 as the No. 4
Commodores (11-0) beat No. 5 Iowa (7-1) 95-65. Florida (5-5) defeated New
Hampshire (4-3) in the opening round of the Lady Gator Classic at Gainesville
75-67 to advance to the title game against No. 6 Stephen F. Austin (5-1), which
trounced Iowa State (2-6) 82-47.
 Tennis: Richard Krajicek trounced Todd Woodbridge 6-0, 6-3 and Brenda Schultz
beat Rachel McQuillan, 6-7 (5-7), 6-3, 6-2 in the Netherlands' victory over
Australia Saturday in the first round of the Hopman Cup team tournament at
Perth, Australia. Natalia Zvereva defeated Jo Durie 4-6, 6-0, 6-4, while Andrei
Cherkasov defeated Jeremy Bates 6-3, 4-6, 6-1 to give the new Commonwealth of
Independent States a win over Great Britain.
 Golf: Defending champion Jane Geddes moved into a one-stroke lead in the Daiyko
Masters by firing her second straight 5-under-par 69.
 Et cetera: Charlotte, N.C., and Ottawa, Ontario, have been awarded Triple-A
expansion franchises and will begin play in 1993, the National Association of
Professional Baseball Leagues announced.  At the WKA Enduro World Championships
kart races at Daytona International Speedway, Robert Noaker Jr. of Duncannon,
Pa., won in the .600 Junior Lite class, while Joe Kelly of Treasure Island
finished fifth.
 Compiled by Toni Moore.

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO; TREVOR BERBICK

TYPE: DIGEST

                            Times Publishing Company


                             524 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                            February 3, 2015 Tuesday

Glover: The struggle for equality and justice is far from over

BYLINE: By Supervisor Federal Glover For the Contra Costa Times

SECTION: MY TOWN; Eastern Contra Costa; Contra Costa; News; Local

LENGTH: 861 words


Editor's note: February is Black History Month. The following speech was
prepared by the author for Martin Luther King Day last month.

Selma ... Memphis ... Montgomery ... Birmingham ... Compton ... Watts ... Staten
Island ... Chicago ... Sanford, Florida ... Ferguson ... Oakland ... Richmond
... Pittsburg ... Antioch.

They are all linked on the same path to freedom paved by Trayvon Martin ...
Michael Brown ... Eric Gardner ... Rodney King ... Rosa Parks ... Emmitt Till
... Bobby Seale ... Huey Newton ... Malcolm X ... Martin Luther King.

The people and places I mentioned from the past; the people making news today --
they are all part of us -- all of us.

We've all witnessed in the last few months -- since 2004 really -- that the
election of a black man as President of the United States is not the end of
America's racial problems. We are not living in a post-racial society -- that
"promised land" -- Dr. King talked about in his famous "I Have A Dream" speech.

There is still work to be done: Sermons to hear, meetings to attend, petitions
to sign, votes to be cast ... and marches to march.

If you watched the movie Selma, one of the high points was the march across the
Edmund Pettus Bridge where marchers met the billy clubs of the police. Today, we
still have bridges to cross to get to the other side. We still have hurdles to
climb; we still have barriers that need to be torn down.

Some of those barriers are physical barriers like the Edmund Pettus Bridge.

Some of those barriers are legal barriers, like the voter ID required in some
states. Did you know you need a photo ID in order to vote in Texas? 34 states
have implemented voter ID laws. For what?

It is important to protect the integrity of our elections. But we must be
careful not to undermine free and fair access to the ballot in the name of
preventing voter fraud.

The Brennan Center for Justice of the New York University's School of Law has
been looking into this myth of voter fraud. Their studies reveal that voter
fraud is very rare, voter impersonation is nearly non-existent, and much of the
problems associated with alleged fraud in elections relates to unintentional
mistakes by voters or election administrators.

Their report, "The Truth About Voter Fraud," reveals most allegations of fraud
turn out to be baseless -- and that of the few allegations remaining, most
reveal election irregularities and other forms of election misconduct.

Voter fraud is not acceptable in our elections, but we must find a balance and
not impose solutions that make it harder for millions of eligible Americans to
participate in our democracy.

Some of those laws have been overturned. The legality of the remaining laws are
being challenged and will be decided in the Supreme Court this year.

Some are barriers that we make for ourselves. Sometimes we think we're not smart
enough, not strong enough, not rich enough, not powerful enough ... to make a
difference.

In the beginning, Dr. King was not strong, rich or powerful. But he was smart.
From a simple country preacher who was a pastor at Dexter Avenue Baptist Church
in Montgomery, Alabama, he became one of the most influential Americans in our
country's history. He led a movement that was powerful enough to change America
forever.

He became powerful not by raising a fist or throwing a rock. He chose
nonviolence. He was a man of peace. Nonviolence was his weapon; a weapon was so
powerful that all the police dogs, police batons, fire hoses and Jim Crow laws
could not change his path toward justice and equality.

He became powerful by lifting his mind ... and lifting our spirits, raising our
expectations and determination, and ... lifting us out of the pit of despair ...
freeing us from the chains of ignorance and the chains of old ways of negativity
that prevented us from aspiring to do great things.

Today we are being tested again. We find ourselves fighting the old battles
again. Instead of a bridge, instead of a Freedom bus, instead of a lunchroom
counter, we are fighting in the courts and the halls of city halls and state
legislatures and in the avenues and halls of the Congress.

We need to free ourselves from the old patterns of thinking: Democrat vs.
Republican, Christian vs. Muslim, Liberal vs. Conservative, black vs. white,
rich vs. poor, patriot vs. immigrant, student vs. the teacher, red vs. blue, the
"People" vs. the "establishment" ... or, US vs. THEM.

We need to find a common ground that allows us to be our own individual selves,
to worship in our mosques, temples or churches, to believe in Allah, Buddha or
Yahweh ... and at the same time, work toward the common good, work toward
perfecting our democracy, toward America as it ought to be.

King's words allow us to dream... dream of a better world ... a dream rooted in
the American Dream ... a dream we all can share. As Martin Luther King said, a
dream where

"All of God's children, black men and white men, Jews and Gentiles, Protestants
and Catholics, will be able to join hands and sing in the words of the old Negro
spiritual:

Free at last! Free at last!

Thank God Almighty, we are free at last."

Glover represents District V on the Contra Costa Board of Supervisors.

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             525 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                          November 22, 2006 Wednesday

Ex-Mt. Lebanon man pleads guilty in scam

BYLINE: Jason Cato

LENGTH: 385 words


Getting fired by Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. for insurance fraud in the
early 1990s apparently wasn't enough of a lesson for Gary Antonino, a former Mt.
Lebanon resident.

On Tuesday, he pleaded guilty in federal court in Pittsburgh to charges stemming
from accusations that he bilked elderly investors out of millions of dollars in
a scam that involved a string of businesses he owned in Western Pennsylvania and
Ohio.

Antonino, 51, of Orlando, Fla., pleaded guilty to one count each of bank fraud,
wire fraud and money laundering. In exchange, 15 charges were dropped.

Prosecutors said he was accused of defrauding investors out of between $4.5
million and $7 million between 1996 and 2003. Antonino's brother, Richard
Antonino, 56, of Forest Hills, also is charged in the case.

Richard Antonino operated under various business names, including Retirement
Income Counseling, according to court papers.

The brothers were accused of soliciting investments under the pretense of making
capital improvements at a number of businesses Gary Antonino owned, including
Sew Clean Drycleaning in Pittsburgh and a golf driving range, go-cart track and
paintball facility in Ohio.

Instead, the money was used "to pay back other investors or personal obligations
for his (Gary Antonino's) lifestyle," Assistant U.S. Attorney Brendan Conway
said in court.

The brothers used a $700,000 certificate of deposit from Iron & Glass Bank in an
effort to alleviate investors' worries about their money being secure, Conway
said. The deposit, however, was being used as collateral by the bank, he said.

Gary Antonino likely faces between 78 months and 97 months in prison when he's
sentenced Feb. 23 by U.S. District Judge Thomas M. Hardiman. Richard Antonino is
expected to plead guilty Monday.

The brothers were fired by MetLife in the 1990s as a result of a major scandal
stemming from illegal trading activity that involved many of the company's
agents in Pennsylvania, Ohio and West Virginia. Gary Antonino was the Pittsburgh
regional manager. Richard Antonino was an insurance salesman.

The company consolidated three class-action lawsuits in 1999 and agreed to pay
$1.7 billion to settle claims brought by 700 clients.

In 1994, the company paid $1.5 million to settle improper sales practice
allegations in Pennsylvania.

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2006 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             526 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                    August 26, 2000, Saturday, Home Edition

NATION IN BRIEF

BYLINE: From News Services

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: News; Pg. 6A

LENGTH: 664 words

Guilty plea entered in charity fraud
A former American Cancer Society executive pleaded guilty in Columbus, Ohio,
Friday to embezzling nearly $ 8 million from the charity, using the money to pay
for an addition at his home and landscaping that included 35 Aristocrat pear
trees. Daniel Wiant, 35, earlier had agreed to admit to bank fraud, money
laundering, mail fraud and illegal use of a credit card in the thefts that began
in 1997.

Wiant smiled at his wife, Kathy, who was seated in the front row, after U.S.
District Judge Joseph Kinneary accepted the plea agreement. She turned him in to
authorities after he called her in June to tell her he had stolen $ 6.9 million
from the charity by transferring it to a bank in Austria.

No sentencing date was set for Wiant, who remains in custody. The maximum
sentence possible would be 30 years in prison and about a $ 1 million fine.

Ex-veterans' official accused of embezzling
A former treasurer of a Korean War veterans organization has been indicted for
allegedly embezzling $ 240,000 and using the money to buy jewelry, pornography
and other personal items. John P. Maison, 66, of Jacksonville was charged with
12 counts of mail fraud and four counts of wire fraud following a federal grand
jury indictment in East St. Louis, Ill., this week.

New York City woman ill with West Nile virus
A New York City woman was listed in critical condition Friday from complications
stemming from the West Nile virus, officials said. The 87-year- old unidentified
Brooklyn woman was diagnosed with the virus Aug. 15 after she was hospitalized
for an unrelated ailment. In addition, an 84-year-old woman from Staten Island
was listed in serious condition Friday, according to the city Health Department.
The city continued its war against mosquitoes that transmit virus, planning to
spray areas of the Bronx, Brooklyn and Staten Island. Five city residents have
been diagnosed with West Nile virus this year, Health Commissioner Dr. Neil L.
Cohen said. All are 63 or older, he said.

Flowers' suit against Clintons axed
A federal judge in Las Vegas has dismissed a defamation lawsuit Gennifer Flowers
brought against first lady Hillary Rodham Clinton and two former presidential
advisers. U.S. District Judge Philip Pro ruled Thursday that Flowers' lawsuit
had passed the statute of limitations. The original suit accused President
Clinton aides George Stephanopoulos and James Carville of libeling and
slandering Flowers continuously since 1992. The first lady was added to the
lawsuit in January. Flowers accused the first lady of orchestrating burglaries
of her home, defaming her and invading her privacy. Flowers first gained
national attention when she claimed during the 1992 presidential campaign that
she had a 12-year affair with the president when he was governor of Arkansas. He
later admitted to the affair.

Florida executes man for 1995 murder
A man who said he killed a woman to satisfy an urge to kill was executed by
injection in Starke, Fla., Friday. Dan Patrick Hauser didn't say anything before
his execution began. Hauser, 30, had fired his attorney and had fought attempts
to spare his life. Hauser was sentenced to death for the New Year's Day 1995
murder of Melanie Rodrigues, 21. Authorities believed Hauser lured her into his
apartment that night after she left her job at a Fort Walton Beach nightspot.
Hauser was the fifth Florida inmate executed this year.

Northeast roads safest, West's most dangerous
The congested roads of the Northeast are the safest when it comes to car travel,
while the wide-open highways of sprawling Western states are among the most
dangerous, according to a national report to be released next month.
Massachusetts, deemed the safest state for drivers, averaged 0.8 deaths per 100
million miles traveled last year, compared to a national average of 1.5 deaths,
the National Safety Council found. Georgia was right at the national average of
1.5.

LOAD-DATE: August 26, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 2000 The Atlanta Constitution


                             527 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                           January 21, 2016 Thursday

Atlantic City Man Sentenced To 30 Months In Prison For Conspiring With Alleged
Members Of Organized Crime Family And Others In Fraud Scheme

LENGTH: 652  words


CAMDEN, N.J.  An Atlantic City, New Jersey, man was sentenced today to 30 months
in prison for assisting members and associates of an organized crime family in a
fraud scheme, U.S. Attorney Paul J. Fishman announced.

John Parisi, 54, previously pleaded guilty before U.S. District Judge Robert B.
Kugler to conspiring to defraud FirstPlus Financial Group Inc. (FPFG), a
Texas-based financial services company targeted for extortionate takeover and
looting by a group led by Nicodemo S. Scarfo. Judge Kugler imposed the sentence
today in Camden federal court.

According to documents filed in this case and statements made in court:

Parisi and 12 others  including his cousin, Scarfo, an alleged member of the
Lucchese La Cosa Nostra (LCN) crime family, and Salvatore Pelullo, an alleged
associate of the Lucchese and Philadelphia LCN families  were variously charged
in a November 2011 indictment with a racketeering conspiracy, including acts of
securities fraud, wire fraud, mail fraud, bank fraud, extortion, interstate
travel in aid of racketeering, money laundering and obstruction of justice. The
indictment charged that FPFG was targeted for extortionate takeover and looting
by a group of the conspirators. A substantial part of the enterprises activities
occurred in New Jersey, including communications and the transfer of money into
and out of the state. John Parisi admitted that he joined the conspiracy in
April 2007.

Parisi managed a family trust and a limited liability company on behalf of
Scarfo as part of the scheme to defraud FPFG.  Parisi said Scarfo directed him
in the use of various bank accounts through which Scarfo received hundreds of
thousands of dollars between July 2007 and April 2008 as part of the scheme. As
alleged in the indictment, the money involved proceeds of the fraud that Scarfo
allegedly received as part of a fraudulent consulting agreement between his
shell company, Learned Associates, and one controlled by Pelullo. The money also
involved proceeds received from the fraudulent sale of Scarfo and Pelullos
worthless companies to FPFG in 2007. The receipt of the fraudulent proceeds
often occurred in the form of wire transfers from accounts in Pennsylvania to
accounts in New Jersey.

Parisi admitted that beginning in February 2008 he assisted Scarfo and his
then-fiance, Lisa Marie Scarfo, obtain a mortgage for a $715,000 house in Egg
Harbor Township, New Jersey, that the Scarfos intended to purchase. Lisa Marie
Scarfo pleaded guilty on Sept. 17, 2013, to a conspiracy to make a false
mortgage loan application in connection with the purchase of the Egg Harbor
Township house.

In addition to the prison term, Judge Kugler sentenced Parisi to two years of
supervised release and ordered him to pay $14 million in restitution.

Scarfo, Pelullo, and William and John Maxwell were convicted in convicted in
July 2014 of racketeering conspiracy and related offenses, including securities
fraud, wire fraud, mail fraud, bank fraud, extortion, money laundering and
obstruction of justice, after a six-month trial before Judge Kugler.  Scarfo and
Pelullo were previously sentenced to 30 years in prison.  William and John
Maxwell were previously sentenced to 20 and 10 years in prison, respectively.

U.S. Attorney Fishman credited special agents of the FBI in Newark, under the
direction of Special Agent in Charge Richard M. Frankel, with the investigation
leading to todays sentencing. They also thanked the U.S. Department of
Labor-Office of Inspector Generals Office of Labor Racketeering and Fraud
Investigations New York Region, the FBIs Philadelphia Division and the Bureau of
Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives for their roles in the case.

The government is represented by Assistant U.S. Attorneys Steven DAguanno and
Howard Wiener of the New Jersey U.S. Attorneys Office Camden Office.

Defense counsel:  Lisa Evans Lewis Esq., Camden 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: January 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             528 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                            August 7, 2014 Thursday
                                 METRO EDITION

Charges: Investor cash used in Vegas

BYLINE: PAUL WALSH; MARY LYNN SMITH; STAFF WRITERS, STAR TRIBUNE (Mpls.-St.
Paul)

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 735 words



HIGHLIGHT: A financial planner accused of taking $10 million from dozens of
investors indicted for fraud.


Susan Gosz trusted that Minneapolis financial planner Sean Meadows would invest
her life savings wisely. Instead, the family friend swindled her and more than
50 other people out of at least $10 million, using some of the money on gambling
and sex-oriented entertainment in Minnesota and Las Vegas, authorities say.

Meadows, 41, of Eden Prairie, was indicted Tuesday in federal court in St. Paul
on three counts of mail fraud, seven counts of wire fraud, and one count each of
money laundering and executing a transaction involving fraud proceeds.
Prosecutors say he persuaded his victims to tap their retirement and other
savings accounts by promising high rates of returns - up to 10 percent annually.
But the investments were never made. Instead, from 2007 to April 2014, he is
accused of operating a classic Ponzi scheme, using money from new investors to
make interest and/or principal repayments to existing investors.

Prosecutors say Meadows used his clients' money to pay expenses on personal
investment properties and personal credit card bills. He bought a vehicle,
traveled to Las Vegas, gambled at casinos and online, and spent more than
$100,000 on sex-oriented entertainment.

The indictment also called on Meadows to forfeit to the federal government
possessions that include Rolex watches, a pleasure boat, a 1968 Camaro, and real
estate in St. Paul, Minneapolis, White Bear Lake, Mound, River Falls, Wis., and
Atwater, Minn. The list also included his primary residence on Sand Ridge Road
in Eden Prairie.

Gosz said she learned in May that Meadows was being investigated for fraud and
that all of her retirement money was gone - more than $200,000 that she had
turned over to him since 2008. Gosz said Meadows also persuaded her and her
husband to refinance their Golden Valley home and invest the money. That money
also is gone, she said.

"I was just horrified." said Gosz, 65, who was forced to retire in 2003 because
of a disability. "I kept saying to my husband, 'Were we fools?' And Mike [her
husband] kept saying, 'We thought he was a good guy.' "

"Sean is very affable ... smooth," she said. "He talks fast and writes fast.
Anytime we asked questions of him, he would talk fast and talk in financial
terms that I didn't understand. And after the meetings I would say to my
husband, 'Do you know what he was talking about?' And Mike would say, 'Not
really. But this is Sean, so I'm sure it's all fine.' "

When the couple asked Meadows for financial statements, Gosz said, he claimed he
had already sent it to her. Gosz says the fatigue she suffers from her
disability affects her memory. "And Meadows knew that," she said. "I thought
maybe I misplaced it or filed it in the wrong place."

In March, Gosz said she and her husband decided they needed to liquidate some of
the investments they thought Meadows had made so that they could sell their home
and downsize.

They called, texted and e-mailed Meadows, but he never responded. Then weeks
later, they learned he was under investigation. "And our money was gone," she
said.

"I'm just glad there is going to be justice and he's going to be held
accountable," Gosz said. "I hope he serves enough time that he's never ever able
to hurt people like this again."

Meadows' attorney, Mark Larsen, said Wednesday that "We've been anticipating the
indictment for two or three months. We are cooperating fully with the U.S.
government."

While Larsen said it's too early to say whether a plea agreement is possible,
"We don't anticipate having substantial differences [of opinion] in the case.
There are some areas of disagreement. If we need to hammer these out in the
courtroom, that's what we are prepared to do."

Meadows remains free, having been charged by summons, his attorney said.

A 65-year-old Roseville man who said he lost about $200,000 to Meadows' scheme
also is closely watching the case.

"The people who run these schemes can sell you anything," said the retired
firefighter and construction worker, who asked that his name not be used. "They
just wrap you around their little finger. ... Now I don't even trust the mailman
delivering my mail. You can't trust anyone nowadays."

"I'm probably just a little fish" compared to the people who lost millions to
Bernie Madoff's Ponzi scheme, he said. "But it's everything to me, and I'm sure
it's everything to a lot of people."

paul.walsh@startribune.com · 612-673-4482 mlsmith@startribune.com · 612-673-4788

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2014 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             529 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


            The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             March 1, 2012 Thursday

Federal Trade Commission: Dunn ranks among country's top 5 in ID theft, fraud
rate

BYLINE: James Halpin, The Fayetteville Observer, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 400 words


March 01--Dunn ranks among the top five places in the country for its rate of
identity theft and fraud crimes, and Fayetteville is close behind, according to
a Federal Trade Commission report released today.

The greater Dunn area had the fourth-highest rate of complaints for fraud in the
country last year, with 891.3 per 100,000 people, according to the FTC report.
The Fayetteville area, meanwhile, came in 29th with 637.1 complaints, the report
says.

Dunn also came in fifth on the list of identity theft complaints with a rate of
162.8 per 100,000. Fayetteville came in 53rd, with a rate of 113.2 identity
theft complaints.

North Carolina as a whole ranked 25th in the country for identity theft
complaints and 30th in the country for fraud complaints, according to the
report.

The Cape Fear region wasn't the only part of the state to make the top 50 lists,
however. The Thomasville-Lexington area came in second for fraud, while Durham
placed 26th, Rocky Mount placed 32nd and Burlington came in at 50.

Other North Carolina cities making the identity theft top 50 are the
Thomasville-Lexington area, 21st; New Bern, 35th; Rocky Mount, 45th; and
Goldsboro, 46th.

The report is generated from data collected through the FTC's Consumer Sentinel
Network, which amassed more than 1.8 million complaints last year. More than
half were for fraud, while 15 percent were for identity theft and 30 percent
were other complaints.

Consumers reported being defrauded of more than $1.5 billion, and 68 percent of
those who filed a fraud-related complaint also reported losing money, according
to the report. The median loss was $537, the report says.

Of fraud victims who reported the method of contact, 43 percent reported being
reached by email, while 13 percent reported a website. Seven percent reported
being duped by mail.

Among victims of identity theft, 27 percent reported fraud of government
documents and benefits, followed by credit card fraud at 14 percent and phone
and utilities fraud at 13 percent. Bank fraud came in at 9 percent.

The statistics show that identity theft was the No. 1 complaint for military
members, followed by debt collection.

Staff writer James Halpin can be contacted at halpinj@fayobserver.com or
486-3509.

___ (c)2012 The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, N.C.) Visit The
Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, N.C.) at www.fayobserver.com Distributed by
MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20120301-FY-Federal-Trade-Commission-Dunn-ranks-among-country-s-top-5-in-ID-thef
t-fraud-rate-0301-20120301

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FY


                    Copyright 2012 The Fayetteville Observer


                             530 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


            The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             March 1, 2012 Thursday

Federal Trade Commission: Dunn ranks among country's top 5 in ID theft, fraud
rate

BYLINE: James Halpin, The Fayetteville Observer, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 400 words


March 01--Dunn ranks among the top five places in the country for its rate of
identity theft and fraud crimes, and Fayetteville is close behind, according to
a Federal Trade Commission report released Wednesday.

The greater Dunn area had the fourth-highest rate of complaints for fraud in the
country last year, with 891.3 per 100,000 people, according to the FTC report.
The Fayetteville area, meanwhile, came in 29th with 637.1 complaints, the report
says.

Dunn also came in fifth on the list of identity theft complaints with a rate of
162.8 per 100,000. Fayetteville came in 53rd, with a rate of 113.2 identity
theft complaints.

North Carolina as a whole ranked 25th in the country for identity theft
complaints and 30th in the country for fraud complaints, according to the
report.

The Cape Fear region wasn't the only part of the state to make the top 50 lists,
however. The Thomasville-Lexington area came in second for fraud, while Durham
placed 26th, Rocky Mount placed 32nd and Burlington came in at 50.

Other North Carolina cities making the identity theft top 50 are the
Thomasville-Lexington area, 21st; New Bern, 35th; Rocky Mount, 45th; and
Goldsboro, 46th.

The report is generated from data collected through the FTC's Consumer Sentinel
Network, which amassed more than 1.8 million complaints last year. More than
half were for fraud, while 15 percent were for identity theft and 30 percent
were other complaints.

Consumers reported being defrauded of more than $1.5 billion, and 68 percent of
those who filed a fraud-related complaint also reported losing money, according
to the report. The median loss was $537, the report says.

Of fraud victims who reported the method of contact, 43 percent reported being
reached by email, while 13 percent reported a website. Seven percent reported
being duped by mail.

Among victims of identity theft, 27 percent reported fraud of government
documents and benefits, followed by credit card fraud at 14 percent and phone
and utilities fraud at 13 percent. Bank fraud came in at 9 percent.

The statistics show that identity theft was the No. 1 complaint for military
members, followed by debt collection.

Staff writer James Halpin can be contacted at halpinj@fayobserver.com or
486-3509.

___ (c)2012 The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, N.C.) Visit The
Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, N.C.) at www.fayobserver.com Distributed by
MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20120301-FY-Federal-Trade-Commission-Dunn-ranks-among-country-s-top-5-in-ID-thef
t-fraud-rate-0301-20120301

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FY


                    Copyright 2012 The Fayetteville Observer


                             531 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

              February 24, 1999, Wednesday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

INTERNET FRAUD COMPLAINTS JUMP SIXFOLD LAST YEAR;
AUCTIONS ACCOUNT FOR TWO OUT OF THREE CASES

BYLINE: The Associated Press

SECTION: BUSINESS, Pg. C1

LENGTH: 493 words

DATELINE: TRENTON, N.J


Consumer complaints of online fraud jumped sixfold last year, with Internet
auctions prompting two out of every three complaints, a consumer group reported
Tuesday.

The number of consumers complaining that they were defrauded online went from
1,280 in 1997 to 7,752 last year, according to Internet Fraud Watch, an online
fraud reporting system created by the National Consumers League.

As officials in New Jersey, California and New York try to cope with a brand of
fraud that defies boundaries, the Federal Trade Commission said it is launching
a 24-hour Internet fraud-detecting group next month.

"More people are online, and more people are getting scammed," Susan Grant,
director of Internet Fraud Watch, told New Jersey Attorney General Peter
Verniero and a state panel at a hearing Tuesday.

The top 10 complaints by callers to Internet Fraud Watch are, in order of
frequency: auctions, general merchandise sales, computer equipment and software,
Internet services, work-at-home offers, business opportunities, marketing
schemes, credit card offers, advance fee loans and employment offers.

William Porter, a La Platta, Md., scientist, said he gave up trying to get his
money back after he paid a California-based seller $ 615 for a computer that
never arrived following an online sale hosted by eBay, the largest Internet
auction service. He still bids online to add to his collection of vintage GI Joe
action figures, but now he'll rarely risk more than $ 100.

New York City's Department of Consumer Affairs said last month it is looking
into whether some online auction sellers are offering bogus baseball
paraphernalia, and a Ventura County, Calif., district attorney has prosecuted
auction house Alto for failing to file a $ 20,000 bond with the state for
holding auctions.

Grifters have followed the surge that has brought 79 million Americans to the
Internet, regulators say. Market researcher Jupiter Communications estimates
that the number of Internet auction customers will jump sixfold from 1.2 million
to 6.5 million by 2000, when they will spend about $ 7.1 billion.

The Federal Trade Commission is increasing its surveillance of Internet fraud,
but the agency says such crimes are not yet among its top complaints.

Eileen Harrington of the FTC's Bureau of Consumer Protection said the agency
plans to set up a special unit next month to monitor the Internet 24 hours a day
to look out for scam artists.

The agency held a meeting in August to inform online auction houses they needed
to take extra measures to protect consumers, she said. Some, including eBay, did
add security measures and penalties for bogus bidders and sellers who don't
deliver what they promise.

Consumer advocates say people who buy on the Internet should use either a credit
card or buy through an escrow service, a third party that will hold payment of
the check until the consumer is satisfied for a fee of 3 percent to 5 percent.

LOAD-DATE: July 7, 1999

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC Color Graphic/Illustration - Consumer complaints of online
fraud
 Top ten
 * Auctions
 * General merchandise sales
 * Computer equipment and software
 * Internet services
 * Work-at-home offers
 * Business opportunities
 * Marketing schemes
 * Credit card offers
 * Advance fee loans
 * Employment offers

 1996   1997   1998
 689  1,280  7,752

 Source: National Consumers League

                  Copyright 1999 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             532 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Orange County Register (California)

                            November 30, 2012 Friday

Two men behind fraud scheme get 25-year sentences

BYLINE: Vik Jolly Register writer, The Orange County Register

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B

LENGTH: 344 words

DATELINE: SANTA ANA


A U.S. District Court judge Wednesday sentenced to 25 years each in federal
prison two men who prosecutors say led one of the most sophisticated bank fraud
and I.D. theft schemes in Southern California from behind prison walls.

The scheme stole the identities of hundreds of people and targeted elderly and
other vulnerable victims, federal prosecutors say. For the approximate six-year
duration of the scheme ending in 2011, defendants conspired to cause at least $8
million in losses, with victims in Orange, Los Angeles and San Bernardino
counties, as well as in Arizona, Texas and Nevada, prosecutors said.

Angus Brown, 36, also known as "Homicide" and described in court papers as a
"career criminal and identity thief" with several prior convictions, was serving
time for identity theft when he participated in the scheme, a news release said.

Arman Sharopetrosian, also known as "Horse," 33, of Burbank and a member of the
Armenian Power criminal enterprise, was serving a 10-year sentence for shooting
at an occupied vehicle and carrying a concealed weapon when he committed the
federal fraud offense, the release said.

Brown pleaded guilty in December last year to conspiracy to commit bank fraud
conspiracy, bank fraud and 17 counts of aggravated identity theft.

Earlier this year, Sharopetrosian was found guilty of one count of bank fraud
conspiracy, four counts of bank fraud and seven counts of aggravated identify
fraud by U.S. District Court Judge David Carter, who sentenced him and Brown on
Wednesday.

"The court's sentence is a strong message to serial identity thieves and
fraudsters that their conduct will be met with stiff consequences," Assistant
U.S. Attorney Joseph McNally said.

According to a fraud indictment issued by a federal grand jury in Orange County,
members of Armenian Power worked with members of black street gangs and bribed
bank insiders to gather information allowing them to take over accounts in a
scheme that caused millions in losses, a news release from the U.S. Attorney's
Office said.



714-834-3773 or vjolly@ocregister.com

LOAD-DATE: December 1, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE:  Story

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Orange County Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                             533 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Orange County Register (California)

                            November 30, 2012 Friday

Two men behind fraud scheme get 25-year sentences

BYLINE: Vik Jolly Register writer, The Orange County Register

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B

LENGTH: 344 words

DATELINE: SANTA ANA


A U.S. District Court judge Wednesday sentenced to 25 years each in federal
prison two men who prosecutors say led one of the most sophisticated bank fraud
and I.D. theft schemes in Southern California from behind prison walls.

The scheme stole the identities of hundreds of people and targeted elderly and
other vulnerable victims, federal prosecutors say. For the approximate six-year
duration of the scheme ending in 2011, defendants conspired to cause at least $8
million in losses, with victims in Orange, Los Angeles and San Bernardino
counties, as well as in Arizona, Texas and Nevada, prosecutors said.

Angus Brown, 36, also known as "Homicide" and described in court papers as a
"career criminal and identity thief" with several prior convictions, was serving
time for identity theft when he participated in the scheme, a news release said.

Arman Sharopetrosian, also known as "Horse," 33, of Burbank and a member of the
Armenian Power criminal enterprise, was serving a 10-year sentence for shooting
at an occupied vehicle and carrying a concealed weapon when he committed the
federal fraud offense, the release said.

Brown pleaded guilty in December last year to conspiracy to commit bank fraud
conspiracy, bank fraud and 17 counts of aggravated identity theft.

Earlier this year, Sharopetrosian was found guilty of one count of bank fraud
conspiracy, four counts of bank fraud and seven counts of aggravated identify
fraud by U.S. District Court Judge David Carter, who sentenced him and Brown on
Wednesday.

"The court's sentence is a strong message to serial identity thieves and
fraudsters that their conduct will be met with stiff consequences," Assistant
U.S. Attorney Joseph McNally said.

According to a fraud indictment issued by a federal grand jury in Orange County,
members of Armenian Power worked with members of black street gangs and bribed
bank insiders to gather information allowing them to take over accounts in a
scheme that caused millions in losses, a news release from the U.S. Attorney's
Office said.



714-834-3773 or vjolly@ocregister.com

LOAD-DATE: December 1, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE:  Story

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Orange County Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                             534 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Orange County Register (California)

                            November 30, 2012 Friday

Two men behind fraud scheme get 25-year sentences

BYLINE: Vik Jolly Register writer, The Orange County Register

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B

LENGTH: 344 words

DATELINE: SANTA ANA


A U.S. District Court judge Wednesday sentenced to 25 years each in federal
prison two men who prosecutors say led one of the most sophisticated bank fraud
and I.D. theft schemes in Southern California from behind prison walls.

The scheme stole the identities of hundreds of people and targeted elderly and
other vulnerable victims, federal prosecutors say. For the approximate six-year
duration of the scheme ending in 2011, defendants conspired to cause at least $8
million in losses, with victims in Orange, Los Angeles and San Bernardino
counties, as well as in Arizona, Texas and Nevada, prosecutors said.

Angus Brown, 36, also known as "Homicide" and described in court papers as a
"career criminal and identity thief" with several prior convictions, was serving
time for identity theft when he participated in the scheme, a news release said.

Arman Sharopetrosian, also known as "Horse," 33, of Burbank and a member of the
Armenian Power criminal enterprise, was serving a 10-year sentence for shooting
at an occupied vehicle and carrying a concealed weapon when he committed the
federal fraud offense, the release said.

Brown pleaded guilty in December last year to conspiracy to commit bank fraud
conspiracy, bank fraud and 17 counts of aggravated identity theft.

Earlier this year, Sharopetrosian was found guilty of one count of bank fraud
conspiracy, four counts of bank fraud and seven counts of aggravated identify
fraud by U.S. District Court Judge David Carter, who sentenced him and Brown on
Wednesday.

"The court's sentence is a strong message to serial identity thieves and
fraudsters that their conduct will be met with stiff consequences," Assistant
U.S. Attorney Joseph McNally said.

According to a fraud indictment issued by a federal grand jury in Orange County,
members of Armenian Power worked with members of black street gangs and bribed
bank insiders to gather information allowing them to take over accounts in a
scheme that caused millions in losses, a news release from the U.S. Attorney's
Office said.



714-834-3773 or vjolly@ocregister.com

LOAD-DATE: December 1, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE:  Story

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Orange County Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                             535 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                           December 1, 2011 Thursday

Regional report / American Bank, others win judgment in Pearlman fraud case

BYLINE: Pioneer Press

SECTION: INTL BIZ BRIEFING

LENGTH: 614 words


Minneapolis law firm Lindquist & Vennum said Friday that it won a jury verdict
finding that TD Bank helped former Orlando, Fla., businessman and boy-band
promoter Louis Pearlman commit fraud against 26 banks including American Bank in
St. Paul.

The suit, in Minnesota Federal District Court, was brought on behalf of banks
that made a $28.5 million loan to Pearlman in March 2006. The jury awarded
American Bank and the others nearly $13.6 million, the law firm said.

The jury rendered its verdict Thursday, the law firm said.

Pearlman, known as founder and promoter of 1990s bands The Backstreet Boys and
*NSYNC, is serving a 25-year federal prison sentence for his role in a $300
million Ponzi and bank fraud scheme.

Pearlman pleaded guilty in March 2008.

- News services

Bixby consultant faces probation charges

A Minneapolis man who pleaded guilty to securities fraud as a consultant to
Bixby Energy Systems, a struggling coal-to-gas startup, was arraigned Friday in
U.S. District Court in St. Paul for soliciting for investments for another
venture.

Dennis Desender, 64, was on probation three months ago after pleading guilty in
federal court to one count of securities fraud. He said he committed the fraud
while raising money for Bixby, which makes equipment to convert coal to gas for
energy production.

Desender's probation included a condition that he not solicit investments while
awaiting sentencing, Assistant U.S. Attorney Chris Wilton said.

Desender was caught by his probation officer soliciting funds for a venture
involving a cheesecake and candle business, Wilton said. Authorities arrested
Desender on Thursday, Wilton said.

Desender is to appear in U.S. District Court in St. Paul on Wednesday before
Judge Susan Richard Nelson to determine if he remains on probation.

- Leslie Brooks Suzukamo

Target expanding Brooklyn Park offices

Target Corp. plans to construct a 245,000-square-foot office building in
Brooklyn Park, the Minneapolis-St. Paul Business Journal reports.

The building would further enlarge Target's corporate footprint in the northern
Minneapolis suburb, where the discounter already has some 1,300 corporate
employees. Target's headquarters and most of its corporate employees, totaling
around 10,000, are in downtown Minneapolis.

The Business Journal reported that Target's planned expansion is detailed in an
economic-assistance contract with Brooklyn Park. Its city council will consider
approving the contract at its Dec. 12 meeting.

- Tom Webb

Dayton engaging in sugar labor dispute

Gov. Mark Dayton is traveling to Moorhead today to meet with American Crystal
Sugar Co. executives at their invitation and to attend a meeting organized by
union workers. About 1,300 workers at Crystal plants in Minnesota, North Dakota
and Iowa have been locked out since Aug. 1 because of a contract dispute. The
company is using replacement workers.

Dayton spokeswoman Katharine Tinucci said the governor will reiterate comments
he made a week ago urging executives and locked-out factory workers to return to
the bargaining table. Dayton said the lockout has devastated families,
communities and the Red River Valley economy.

During the afternoon, Dayton will attend a public forum at Minnesota State
University-Moorhead put on by locked-out workers. Tinucci said Dayton's main
goal is to hear their concerns.

American Crystal Sugar Co. held its annual shareholder meeting Thursday at a
hotel where more than a dozen security guards were present.

- Associated Press

BRIEFLY

The board of Graco Inc., Minneapolis, declared a regular quarterly dividend of
22-1/2 cents per common share, an increase of 7.1 percent, payable Feb. 1 to
shareholders of record Jan. 17.

- From news services

LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             536 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                             April 7, 2009 Tuesday

News In Brief: 24 arrested in San Diego mortgage scheme; U.S. drinking more, but
cheaper, California wine

BYLINE: Mercury News wire services

SECTION: NEWS; Business

LENGTH: 627 words


LOCAL, STATE

24 arrested in mortgage scheme

Two dozen people have been charged with racketeering in connection with a
fraudulent mortgage scheme run by a street gang member, according to an
indictment unsealed Tuesday in San Diego federal court.

Authorities contend the group profited from loans arranged for amounts in excess
of the price of the homes, among other tactics. The homes went into foreclosure
soon after they were sold, according to the indictment.

The suspected mastermind was Darnell Bell, 38, a member of the Lincoln Park
street gang long known to law enforcement for violence and drug sales.

From 2005 to 2008, the scheme involved the sale of 220 homes and mortgages worth
more than $100 million issued by 70 lenders, U.S. Attorney Karen Hewitt said at
a news conference.

The 24 defendants face charges including conspiracy, bank and wire fraud, money
laundering and racketeering. The racketeering charge could lead to much tougher
sentences than might be expected in other real estate fraud cases.

The homes were mostly located in the cities of Spring Valley and La Mesa and the
San Diego neighborhood of Encanto, according to the indictment.

Also indicted were people in the real estate, title insurance, appraisal and
notary public businesses. FBI agents became concerned when scanning so-called
suspicious activity reports filed by lenders.







U.S. drinks more, cheaper Calif. wine

Americans are drinking more California wine, but they're choosing less-expensive
bottles.

The Wine Institute says that U.S. sales of California wines totaled about 467
million gallons last year, up 2 percent from 2007, despite the country's deep
recession. But the retail value of the sales was down slightly from 2007.

Sales of California wine at restaurants fell 10 percent in terms of volume
because budget-conscious people are eating out less, the institute said in a
report.

NATION

Southwest to fly into LaGuardia

Southwest Airlines said Tuesday that it will set up shop at New York's LaGuardia
Airport in June, the carrier's first entry into the major market.

The move not only helps Southwest push into one of the country's busiest
airports, but it also taps into budget-conscious travelers' desire for low-cost
fares during the recession.

The Dallas company will have eight daily nonstop flights   five between
LaGuardia and Chicago Midway and three between LaGuardia and
Baltimore/Washington International Thurgood Marshall Airport.

Southwest will also provide direct or connecting service from New York to
locations such as Las Vegas, Denver, Seattle, San Diego and Los Angeles.

Madoff business to be sold

A Manhattan bankruptcy judge approved a plan Tuesday that, barring any sweetened
last-minute offers, would allow a Boston firm to take over a securities-trading
operation owned by disgraced financier Bernard Madoff.

A court-appointed trustee overseeing the liquidation of Bernard L. Madoff
Investment Securities had announced last month that Castor Pollux Securities
wanted to buy the former Nasdaq chairman's legitimate market-making business.

Castor Pollux agreed to pay $500,000 at closing and then up to $15 million in
revenues from trades through 2012.

WORLD

Four tax havens agree to change

Four nations will no longer be blacklisted as uncooperative tax havens after
they bowed to pressure from world leaders and agreed to implement new rules on
financial openness, an international organization said Tuesday.

Angel Gurria, head of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development,
said the Philippines, Uruguay, Costa Rica and Malaysia have been moved off the
blacklist after they agreed to cooperate with international authorities.

"These four jurisdictions have now made a full commitment to exchange
information according to the OECD standard," he said.

LOAD-DATE: April 9, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             537 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Washington Post

                     July 1, 2000, Saturday, Final Edition

U.S. Conducting 240 Probes of Possible Mortgage Fraud

Sandra Fleishman, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. E01

LENGTH: 696 words


About 240 criminal investigations into possible mortgage fraud are underway in
38 states, including Maryland, and the District of Columbia, federal officials
said yesterday at a Senate hearing.

The officials from the inspector general's office of the Department of Housing
and Urban Development testified at a two-day session on whether the federal
government is facilitating a fraudulent practice known as property flipping. The
inspector general's office joined critics who contend that HUD and the Federal
Housing Administration fail to properly monitor lenders and appraisers on
federally backed loans.

Home buyers nationally are complaining about fraud and abuse in mortgage
practices, generally referred to as predatory lending.

Flipping occurs when dilapidated properties, often in distressed neighborhoods,
are bought and quickly resold, with only cosmetic repairs and wildly inflated
prices. Usually the buyers are unsophisticated first-timers who cannot afford
repairs and also make the mortgage payments. The homes often go to foreclosure.

The HUD inspector general's office has been working with federal prosecutors in
six regions of the country since 1999 to detect mortgage fraud by lenders and
appraisers. Yesterday, federal prosecutors said they are investigating the
inspector general's findings of fraud in the Washington area.

Channing Phillips, a spokesman for the U.S. attorney's office for the District,
said he could not comment on the size or scope of the investigation.

The inspector general's office also would not comment.

At the Senate hearing yesterday, Philip Kesaris, the assistant inspector general
for investigation, called the flipping schemes "the fraud du jour."

According to HUD Inspector General Susan Gaffney, "Massive property-flipping
schemes involving FHA-insured mortgages continue to be uncovered" in locations
such as New York, Baltimore, Chicago and Los Angeles.

Gaffney said one investigation involves 1,200 FHA-insured loans totaling more
than $ 160 million. About 25 percent of the loans have already resulted in
defaults. Gaffney said "about 100 individuals employed in various segments of
the real estate and lending industry requested and paid for" fraudulent
documents in the loans.

Sen. Susan Collins (R-Maine), chairman of the Governmental Affairs investigative
panel that held the hearings, argued that the FHA and HUD encourage flipping by
failing to properly oversee loans and to bar "bad actor" lenders and appraisers.

The FHA's role is crucial in cases of flipping, according to these critics,
because it insures the loan, gives what appears to be a government stamp of
approval to buyers and ends up paying the lender back if the property is
foreclosed. The FHA last year insured 1.3 million loans with an all-time record
value of $ 125 billion.

Collins repeatedly disputed Federal Housing Commissioner William Apgar's
contention that flipping involving FHA loans is "isolated."

Collins said her staff's nine-month investigation found "the federal government
essentially has subsidized much of this fraud."

HUD Inspector General Gaffney also called on HUD to tighten controls. Gaffney
said HUD has halved its housing staff, "overly relied on contractors" to monitor
loans and appraisals and missed "obvious fraud indicators."

Collins also released a General Accounting Office report that said HUD needs to
"significantly improve" its process for approving lenders.

Apgar claims the monitoring staff has increased "seven-fold" and says most
flipping is occurring in the sub-prime market, in which high-interest-rate loans
are made to people with poor credit. Federal insurance is not involved.

Yesterday Apgar said flipping was "isolated to what we call hot zones," such as
New York, Chicago and Baltimore, "where there is a significant ring of fraud."

The FHA, HUD and the Treasury Department have pledged for years to fight
predatory lending, and recently outlined another series of regulatory steps and
legislative proposals. HUD announced initiatives on flipping--including
requiring lenders to restructure inflated mortgages--the day before Collins's
hearings.

LOAD-DATE: July 01, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2000 The Washington Post


                             538 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    April 24, 1991, Wednesday, Final Edition

Arlington Lawyer Convicted in Immigration Scam;
Codefendant Also Guilty in Scheme Using Forged Papers to Get Permits for Illegal
Aliens

Robert F. Howe, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A17

LENGTH: 605 words


An Arlington immigration lawyer was convicted in federal court in Alexandria
yesterday of 62 felonies for orchestrating a scam that used counterfeit
documents to obtain work and residence permits for more than 100 illegal aliens
in the last two years.

Clifford C. Cooper, 42, convicted of conspiracy, mail fraud, wire fraud and
dozens of other charges, made more than $ 500,000 from the scheme last year
alone, according to prosecutors.

Oluwole Oloyede, Cooper's codefendant, also was found guilty of several felonies
for helping supply Cooper with clients and with such forged documents as Social
Security earnings reports, letters from employers and identification papers from
the Nigerian Embassy.

"It's the American dream for sale," Assistant U.S. Attorney Jeannemarie Gardes
said in her closing remarks to the jury. "Pay up, and you get your green card.
Pay up, and you get your residency permit."

U.S. District Judge James C. Cacheris set sentencing for July 5. Cooper faces a
maximum prison term of more than 200 years.

During the two-week trial, Gardes and Assistant U.S. Attorney Renee Christina
presented evidence showing that Cooper charged illegal aliens $ 2,000 to $ 3,500
in cash each for his help in obtaining permits.

Clients came long distances to his Arlington office, including from California,
Texas, Illinois and New York, according to testimony.

Benjamin Olufemi Fawehinimi, a Nigerian native and District pharmacist, was one
of many witnesses who explained how Cooper's scam worked.

Fawehinimi testified that he went to Cooper to apply for a residence permit and
ended up being prosecuted for an immigration misdemeanor because he followed
Cooper's advice.

Fawehinimi said that although he gave Cooper correct biographical information
and legitimate identification papers, he arrived at Cooper's office one day and
was given a new set of identification documents in which much of the information
had been changed.

"Mr. Cooper said I should study the documents for an interview with the
immigration department. They were not my former documents," Fawehinimi
testified. "Mr. Cooper said I should not worry. I should just cool down."

Fawehinimi also said that Cooper provided four letters in which former employers
vouched for Fawehinimi's character and work status. Fawehinimi testified that he
had not worked at any of the companies.

More than three dozen representatives of Washington area companies testified
during the trial that letters bearing their names and their companies'
letterheads were faked.

"None of the aliens worked for them, and none of them signed letters saying they
worked for them," Gardes said. "Some of those employers didn't even exist."

Gerald Bruce Lee, Cooper's attorney, said the government should no more
prosecute his client than it should prosecute an accountant for using false
income figures provided by clients who want to cheat on their taxes.

"They prepare the applications based on statements and documents they are
provided by their clients," Lee said.

Lee and James C. Clark, Oloyede's attorney, assailed the credibility of the
eight immigrants who were once Cooper's clients and who provided the heart of
the prosecution's case.

"The government has spent an inordinate amount of time proving something that is
uncontested," Clark told the jury. "That is that a scam was perpetrated on the
government, that certain aliens appeared before immigration officials and told
blatant, out-and-out lies."

Several of the witnesses had been convicted of immigration misdemeanors and had
been living in the United States for years on expired visas.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: VIRGINIA NEWS

                       Copyright 1991 The Washington Post


                             539 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Telegram & Gazette (Massachusetts)

                            November 11, 2016 Friday
                              Worcester TG Edition

SECTION: NEWS; 3

LENGTH: 573 words


Grand jury indicts Schock

PEORIA, Ill.  -- The Illinois congressman who resigned amid scrutiny of lavish
spending -- including remodeling his Capitol Hill office in the style of the
television series "Downton Abbey" -- was indicted Thursday on 24 federal counts
ranging from theft of government funds to filing false federal income tax
returns.

The 52-page indictment alleges that Aaron Schock spent $40,000 in government
funds to redecorate his Washington office, including $5,000 on a chandelier, and
asked the House to reimburse him for nearly $30,000 worth of camera equipment.
It also accuses him of running up a $140,000 mileage tab over six years,
reimbursements for 150,000 more miles than his vehicles actually traveled.

The 35-year-old Republican from Peoria is charged with nine counts of wire fraud
, five of falsification of election commission filings, six of filing false
federal income tax returns, two of making false statements and one each of mail
fraud and theft of government funds. A conviction on just one count of wire
fraud alone carries a maximum 20 year prison sentence.

"Mr. Schock held public office at the time of the alleged offenses, but public
office does not exempt him or anyone else from accountability for alleged
intentional misuse of public funds and campaign funds," the U.S. attorney in
Springfield, Jim Lewis, said in a statement announcing the indictment.

Before the charges were announced, Schock's attorney, George Terwilliger, called
the indictment a "misuse" of prosecutorial power by the Justice Department.

Smoke shrouds part of Appalachian Trail

ATLANTA  -- All but a few of the nation's largest active wildfires Thursday were
burning in the South, where a relentless drought has turned pine trees into
torches and forced evacuations in dozens of communities in the Appalachian
foothills.

High winds, unseasonably warm temperatures and weeks without rain have combined
to spark blaze after blaze in the dry brush and trees. Numerous teams of
firefighters reported blazes running up slopes and down ravines as they
struggled to protect hundreds of threatened structures.

"It just smells like a campfire" along the Appalachian Trail in north Georgia,
said Carlie Gentry, who works at the Mountain Crossings store at Walasi-yi, a
popular stop for hikers.

Thursday's national drought report shows 41.6 million people in parts of 15
southern states living in drought conditions. The worst drought is in Georgia,
Alabama, Mississippi and Tennessee, but extreme drought also is spreading into
the western Carolinas, and Kentucky and Tennessee had the most fires.

Man indicted for trying to join IS

COLUMBUS, Ohio -- An Ohio man accused of trying to travel to Libya to join the
Islamic State group has been formally indicted.

A federal prosecutor in Columbus says Aaron Daniels wired $250 to an IS group
operative in January and told an undercover informant about his interest in
traveling overseas to commit jihad.

The 20-year-old Daniels was taken into custody Monday at John Glenn Columbus
International Airport after a monthslong investigation.

An indictment Thursday charged Daniels with providing material support to a
foreign terrorist organization and attempting to provide material support to a
foreign terrorist organization.

Daniels remains in jail while his lawyers and prosecutors file arguments over
holding him without bond or putting him on home arrest with electronic
monitoring.

-- The Associated Press

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2016 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             540 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 Network World

                               February 15, 1993

MCI intros progressive toll fraud prevention program

BYLINE: By Bob Wallace, Senior Editor

SECTION: INTERNETWORKS; Pg. 23

LENGTH: 571 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, D.C.


MCI Communications Corp. has become the last of the Big Three to formally
announce a family of toll fraud services and associated products designed to
help users detect toll fraud.

The product family, called MCI Detect, includes customer awareness and education
programs, fraud detection equipment, traffic analysis and third-party insurance.

Sprint Corp. announced its program, dubbed SprintGuard, in April 1992, and AT&T
followed with its NetProtect offering just one month later.

"MCI's offering indicates that they have become much more proactive in dealing
with toll fraud," said John Haugh, president of Telecommunications Advisors,
Inc., a Portland, Ore., firm that specializes in toll fraud consulting. "This is
a very positive step forward." Haugh is the author of Toll Fraud and Telabuse: a
Multibillion Dollar Problem.

Daniel Briere, president of TeleChoice, Inc., a Montclair, N.J., consultancy,
said that MCI Detect is in some ways broader in scope than the programs offered
by AT&T and Sprint.

"MCI Detect covers losses on different carriers' services, which is great for
users because not many use just one carrier," said Briere. "AT&T and Sprint
programs only cover losses on their own services."

Among the materials to be provided to MCI Detect customers will be a
telecommunications fraud educational video and a manual that discusses how to
secure private branch exchanges and voice mail systems.

The carrier also said it will publish a quarterly newsletter to keep MCI
customers updated on the latest fraud scams as well as new fraud deterrent
technology and suggested security measures.

"The video they've produced is superb," Haugh said. "And we also like the idea
of the newsletter that alerts their customers to indications of toll fraud."

MCI has signed joint marketing agreements with MicroFrame, Inc. of Edison, N.J.,
and Xiox Corp. of Burlingame, Calif., and will market their fraud detection
equipment to customers.

The carrier announced its arrangement with Xiox -- whose products employ
artificial intelligence and speech recognition technologies to thwart hackers --
several weeks ago.

In addition to securing the remote maintenance ports of PBXs, MicroFrame's and
Xiox's equipment monitor traffic through the PBX against preset thresholds,
activate alarms when the limits are exceeded and can be programmed to
automatically take corrective action without human intervention.

MicroFrame's equipment primarily focuses on monitoring completed outbound calls,
while Xiox's equipment enables users to safely access a PBX's direct inward
system access port.

Xiox's Hacker Tracker system also protects voice mail systems and modem pools.
Under agreements, MCI customers will receive a 20% discount on the retail list
price of both companies' products.

With MCI Detect's traffic analysis feature, the carrier monitors outbound
international calling as well as 800 inbound calls.  Heavy calling to countries
that receive a high volume of fraud traffic will be brought to customers'
attention.

Although MCI makes every attempt to notify customers of suspect traffic as soon
after it occurs as possible, there maybe a delay of several days from the time
of the call completion until analyzed and detected by MCI investigators.

Francine Tolson, product manager for MCI Detect, said the program also offers
toll fraud insurance from National Union Fire Insurance Co. of Pittsburgh.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1993 Network World, Inc.


                             541 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                           November 21, 2009 Saturday
                                 FINAL Edition

Elaborate money scam ends with guilty pleas;
A 30-year-old medical student admits to bank fraud and ID theft, hoping for a
shorter sentence.

BYLINE: TREVOR MAXWELL Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL & STATE; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 359 words

DATELINE: PORTLAND


A medical student from Chicago pleaded guilty in federal court on Friday to
running an elaborate financial scheme while he was living in Portland and
studying at Saint Joseph's College two years ago.

Olumide Pidan, 30, pleaded guilty to bank fraud and two counts of aggravated
identity theft.

Pidan faces a maximum prison sentence of 30 years, but the actual sentence is
likely to be far less. In a plea deal with prosecutors, Pidan agreed not to
appeal the conviction if the sentence does not exceed 3? years.

Assistant U.S. Attorney Halsey Frank agreed to drop charges of mail fraud and
wire fraud in exchange for Pidan's guilty pleas on the three other counts.

Pidan admitted that he used the identities of other people to open 80 to 100
accounts with Bank of America, Chase Bank and Washington Mutual Bank. He had
account information sent to post office boxes that he opened in places that
included Fargo, N.D., and Rapid City, S.D.

The convictions applied to only two victims. Pidan used the Social Security
numbers and birth dates of a man from Pennsylvania and a man from Connecticut to
set up checking, savings and credit card accounts with Bank of America.

Pidan then inflated the credit limits in those accounts by making fraudulent
cash deposits, and transferred cash to himself before bank officials learned of
the scheme and closed the bogus accounts, according to affidavits filed by U.S.
Postal Service investigators.

Pidan stole $85,000 from Bank of America from January to August of 2007. His
spending during that time included $3,235 for items from Gucci in New York City,
flowers delivered to three women in three states, and $1,000 for designer shoes.

At the time, Pidan was living in an apartment in Portland and attending classes
at Saint Joseph's in Standish.

Pidan, a citizen of Nigeria, has studied in the Cayman Islands, Canada and the
United States.

Pidan was a student at St. Matthew's Medical School in the Cayman Islands, which
offers a dual-degree program with Saint Joseph's.

He will remain in federal custody until his sentencing hearing in February.


Staff Writer Trevor Maxwell can be contacted at 791-6451 or at:

tmaxwell@pressherald.com

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2009 Blethen Maine Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             542 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                             April 24, 2009 Friday

BUSINESS AT A GLANCE;

BYLINE:

SECTION: Pg. A4

LENGTH: 444 words


POTENTIAL CUBS BUYER SEEKING INVESTORS

CHICAGO - The family chosen by Tribune Co. to buy the Chicago Cubs in a $900
million deal is seeking investors willing to pay $25 million for a preferred
share of the storied baseball club, a person close to the deal said Wednesday.

Chicago investment banker Tom Ricketts is seeking investors in an effort to
raise at least $100 million toward the team's purchase price, the person, who
spoke on condition of anonymity because of the pending nature of the
transaction, told The Associated Press.

Ricketts is founder and chief executive of InCapital LLC. His billionaire family
founded what became the Omaha-based TD Ameritrade Holding Corp. Tribune Co.
selected the family's bid Jan. 22 for exclusive negotiations for the Cubs. The
sale would include Wrigley Field and a 25 percent interest in a regional sports
network.

Any sale must be approved by baseball owners.

OMAHA MAN INDICTED ON FRAUD CHARGES

OMAHA - An Omaha man accused of engaging in securities fraud and facing several
lawsuits from investors has been indicted on 21 federal charges.

The U.S. Attorney's Office in a news release issued Thursday said 46-year-old
Bryan Behrens has been charged with securities fraud, six counts of mail fraud,
five counts of wire fraud and nine counts of money laundering.

The indictment is the latest in a string of legal challenges for Behrens, who in
January 2008 was named as a defendant in a lawsuit filed by the Securities and
Exchange Commission. He's also been sued by several investors.

Behrens, owner of 21st Century Financial Group, has been accused of collecting
$6.5 million from about 20 investors - many of them elderly.

Investigators say he used some of the money to pay off early investors and spent
millions on luxury vehicles and other items.

MICROSOFT REVENUE DROPS FOR FIRST TIME

SEATTLE - Microsoft Corp. said Thursday its quarterly revenue fell from the
previous year for the first time in its 23-year history as a public company, and
its profit fell more sharply than Wall Street was expecting.

The shortfall illustrated the toll the recession has taken on the world's
largest software maker, even though Microsoft remains one of the richest and
most profitable companies. In January, Microsoft said it needed to resort to its
first mass layoffs, cutting 5,000 jobs.

Redmond, Wash.-based Microsoft said Thursday that in its fiscal third-quarter,
which ended March 31, profits dropped 32 percent to $2.98 billion, or 33 cents
per share. In the same quarter of 2008, Microsoft earned $4.39 billion, or 47
cents per share.

Analysts surveyed by Thomson Reuters expected a stronger profit, 39 cents per
share.

- From wire reports

LOAD-DATE: April 27, 2009 Monday

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 Lincoln Journal Star
                              All Rights Reserved


                             543 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                             April 25, 2006 Tuesday
                                  Main Edition

Woman charged in mortgage fraud held without bond

BYLINE: DON PLUMMER

SECTION: METRO NEWS; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 320 words


A woman charged in a multistate mortgage fraud scheme appeared before a federal
judge in Atlanta on Monday and is being held here without bond, said U.S.
Attorney David Nahmias.

A 63-page federal indictment unsealed after Rebecca Hauck, 34, was arrested in
Houston alleges that she and partner Matthew Cox pirated houses in at least
three states, including Georgia, by forging documents using fake identities
beginning in 2003, said federal prosecutor Gale McKenzie.

The pair allegedly used the money they stole to fuel a life of luxury clothes,
cars and even a face-lift. Their illegal exploits, run from mail drops in
Marietta and Alpharetta, extended from Atlanta to Florida and the Carolinas, the
indictment says.

"Ms. Hauck was the subject of a nationwide fugitive search after her alleged
widespread criminal fraud scheme left a trail of victims and a lot of missing
money," Nahmias said.

McKenzie, the assistant U.S. attorney who obtained the indictment last
September, said Cox and Hauck are charged with crimes including conspiracy to
defraud the United States, wire fraud, bank fraud, frauds and swindles,
transportation of stolen property, money laundering and fraud with
identification documents. McKenzie said at least 10 homeowners in metro Atlanta
had their identities stolen.

Cox, the founder of a mortgage company based in Tampa, remains free.

Federal agents have seized nearly $240,000 found in some of the bank accounts
opened by Cox and Hauck, McKenzie said.

The two ran an unusual version of the mortgage scam, said McKenzie, who
specializes in prosecuting mortgage fraud. "The unique thing is that they
pretended to be the true owners of the properties," she explained. They would
then file court papers that effectively "erased" the mortgages on the
properties. The next step was to take out multiple new loans that each netted
them cash at closing based on the fake equity they had created, McKenzie said.

LOAD-DATE: April 25, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Rebecca Hauck allegedly used fake identities in a scheme that
left "a trail of victims."
Photo: Matthew Cox, Hauck's alleged partner in the multistate mortgage fraud,
has not been captured.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2006 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                             544 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

             Journal Record Legislative Report (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            August 11, 2005 Thursday

Two Oklahomans facing fines, prison after pleading guilty to workers'
compensation fraud

BYLINE: Journal Record Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 451 words


A Duncan man will pay more than $15,000 in restitution after pleading guilty to
workers' compensation fraud in Oklahoma County District Court.

Curtis Ray Jackson, 61, was charged in March 2004 after investigators discovered
he was installing fencing while receiving permanent total disability payments
for a 1987 injury he sustained while working at the 4-J Ranch in Loco, Okla.,
said Drew Edmondson, state attorney general.

Jackson was ordered to serve a five-year suspended sentence and pay a $50 fine
and court costs. He will also serve one year of supervised probation and pay
$15,132.96 restitution to CompSource, the insurance policyholder for the 4-J
Ranch.

"This case illustrates CompSource Oklahoma's continuing commitment to
investigate fraud and assist the attorney general in fighting all types of
workers' compensation fraud," said Lance Loper, CompSource director of Internal
Audit and Special Investigations Unit. "Workers' compensation fraud raises the
insurance premiums of all Oklahoma employers."

Jackson was prosecuted by the attorney general's Workers Compensation Fraud
Unit.

Edmondson's Workers' Compensation Fraud Unit has statewide jurisdiction to
investigate and prosecute workers' compensation fraud.

In another case, a Tulsa County man was given a 15-year sentence after pleading
guilty to one count of workers' compensation fraud in Tulsa County District
Court, Edmondson said.

Earl Dewayne Botts, 47, was charged June 28 after he reported injuries to his
right shoulder allegedly sustained while working as a shop helper at American
Staffcorp in Tulsa.

Botts, who told two doctors and a physical therapist he had limited range of
motion and severe pain in his shoulder, was seen on surveillance sweeping his
driveway, working on his pickup and doing labor intensive work at his second
job.

"This was a man who told his physical therapist he was in too much pain to
remove his sling in order to complete his therapy," Edmondson said. "Then, we
find out he's not only pretty handy around the house, but he also has a second
job he can apparently perform with no problems. It seems Earl Botts' supposed
injuries were simply a way to collect a pay check without doing any work."

Edmondson said Botts' sentence can be attributed to multiple previous
convictions including a 2001 conviction of obtaining money by false pretenses
and a 1998 conviction of false personation.

Botts was ordered to serve a 15-year prison sentence with the last six years
suspended. He was also ordered to pay a $50 victims' compensation assessment,
court costs and $2,733.01 to CompSource Oklahoma. CompSource is the company that
insures American Staffcorp.

LOAD-DATE: August 11, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

                      Copyright 2005 Dolan Media Newswires
                                All Rights Reserved


                             545 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              May 11, 2003 Sunday
                                 Final Edition

Online and Out of Line

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. F06

LENGTH: 113 words


Facts about Internet fraud:

* Complaints about Internet fraud referred to investigators by the FBI's
Internet fraud unit tripled last year, to 48,252.

Online auctions claimed the biggest share, accounting for 46 percent of the
total.

* Losses from Internet fraud last year amounted to $ 54 million.

* Failure to deliver goods to the buyer or payment to the seller accounted for
31 percent of complaints.

* Fraud victims, on average, lost $ 320 last year.

* Seventy percent of perpetrators were male. More than half of all the
perpetrators were in California, Florida, New York, Texas, Illinois and
Pennsylvania.

SOURCE: FBI Internet Fraud Complaint Center's 2002 annual report

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2003 The Washington Post


                             546 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                May 23, 1987, Saturday, Late City Final Edition

BUTCHER SENTENCED TO 20 YEARS

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section 1; Page 33, Column 6; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 506 words

DATELINE: NASHVILLE, May 22


A Federal district judge today sentenced the bankrupt financier C.H. Butcher Jr.
to 20 years in prison for banking practices that prosecutors say bilked
thousands of people of their life savings.

Mr. Butcher, whose family once held a banking dynasty stretching across
Tennessee and Kentucky, stood motionless as Judge Thomas A. Higgins pronounced
the sentence. Judge Higgins also ordered Mr. Butcher to serve five years'
probation and pay a $320,000 fine.

''Mr. Butcher, you've enjoyed great material success, prominence and power,''
Judge Higgins said. ''You now are at the bar of this court, having fallen from
whatever height that wealth, prominence and power may represent.

''This is dues day for you,'' the judge said.

Mr. Butcher, 49 years old, had faced up to 25 years in prison under a plea
agreement with prosecutors. He pleaded guilty to bankruptcy fraud,
misapplication of bank loan funds, tax fraud and money-laundering charges.
Charges against Mr. Butcher's son and father were dropped under the agreement.

Later, in Chattanooga, Mr. Butcher received another sentence of up to 18 years
and a $21,000 fine on guilty pleas to four tax fraud charges. A United States
Attorney, John Gill, said that prison term would run concurrently with the
20-year sentence under the plea bargain.

Mr. Butcher, who has been in jail in Knoxville for most of the time since his
February 1986 arrest, is serving a five-year state sentence stemming from a
fraud charge relating to the Southern Industrial Banking Corporation. He will
serve the remainder of the state sentence before his transfer to a Federal
prison to serve the 20-year sentence.

Mr. Butcher could be eligible for parole within 8 to 12 years after beginning
the Federal sentence, Mr. Gill said.

Mr. Butcher, during a brief statement before the judge's ruling, admitted guilt,
asking for a ''second chance'' for himself and mercy for his wife, Shirley.

''She had absolutely no knowledge of what she was doing,'' he said, his voice
breaking.

Shirley Butcher, who sat in the courtroom with their son, C.H. Butcher 3d, was
sentenced later to three years, the maximum punishment under a similar plea
agreement reached last month stemming from bankruptcy fraud charges. Mrs.
Butcher, 50, who had asked for probation, was order to report to prison June 5.

Gary Long, a business associated of Mr. Butcher, was given a three-year
suspended sentence on a bankruptcy fraud charge.

C.H. Butcher Jr.'s brother, Jake, who won the 1978 Democratic nomination for
Tennessee governor, is serving a 20-year sentence in a Federal prison in Atlanta
for bank and tax fraud and conspiracy.

During C.H. Butcher Jr.'s sentencing hearing, Guy Blackwell, an assistant United
States attorney, said the fall of the Butcher banking empire had had an
estimated economic impact of $1 billion.

''I don't think we're ever going to know who all the victims were,'' Mr.
Blackwell said. ''We'll never be able to calculate the pain and suffering, the
total damage to the Tennessee banking system.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1987 The New York Times Company


                             547 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 14, 2015 Tuesday

Arizona: Two Defendants Plead Guilty in Bakersfield Mortgage Fraud Scheme

LENGTH: 566  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Justice has issued the following news releae:

FRESNO, CA--Lucia Chavez, 37, and her husband Joseph Chavez, 41, both of
Bakersfield, pleaded guilty today to conspiracy to commit bank fraud, mail fraud
, and wire fraud, in connection with a mortgage fraud scheme in Bakersfield,
U.S. Attorney Benjamin B. Wagner announced. As part of their plea agreements,
Lucia Chavez agreed to a personal forfeiture money judgment of $1,624,450, and
Joseph Chavez agreed to a personal forfeiture money judgment of $3,092,000.

According to court documents, Lucia Chavez and Joseph Chavez conspired with
seven co-defendants from 2007 to 2010 to use straw buyers to purchase
residential properties in Bakersfield developed by Pershing Partners LLC, owned
by Lucia Chavez, and Jara Brothers Investments (JBI), owned by her brothers,
co-defendants Eliseo Jara and Sergio Jara. The conspirators paid straw buyers to
purchase the properties from JBI and Pershing Partners, and funded the purchases
using loans they obtained for the straw buyers from lenders based on false and
fraudulent loan applications. The loan applications the conspirators submitted
to lenders frequently contained false statements concerning the straw buyers'
employment status, income, assets, intent to occupy the properties as their
personal residences, and source of down payments for the purchase of the
properties. The conspirators concealed from the lenders that they funded certain
of the straw buyers' down payments. The conspirators also submitted false
supporting documentation to lenders such as false and altered bank account
statements purporting to show that the straw buyers had high bank account
balances, false verifications of the straw buyers' bank account funds, false
verifications of rent purporting to be from straw buyers' landlords, false pay
stubs, and false verifications of employment.

This case is the product of an investigation by the Internal Revenue
Service--Criminal Investigation and the Federal Bureau of Investigation.
Assistant U.S. Attorneys Kirk E. Sherriff, Henry Z. Carbajal III, and Megan A.S.
Richards are prosecuting the case.

The court set a sentencing hearing for the Chavez defendants on July 20, 2015.
The maximum sentence for the conspiracy charge is 30 years in prison and a $1
million fine. The actual sentence will be determined at the discretion of the
court after consideration of any applicable statutory sentencing factors and the
Federal Sentencing Guidelines, which take into account a number of variables.

The other seven co-defendants all previously pleaded guilty in this case.
Co-defendant Antonio Perez-Marcial was sentenced on May 12, 2014 to three years
and 10 months in prison for his role in the conspiracy. Co-defendants Eliseo
Jara, Sergio Jara, Arlene Mojardin, and Candace Gonzales each pleaded guilty to
conspiracy to commit bank fraud, mail fraud, and wire fraud, and are scheduled
to be sentenced on the following dates: May 18, 2015 (Arlene Mojardin), June 8,
2015 (Candace Gonzales), and June 22, 2015 (Eliseo Jara and Sergio Jara).
Co-defendant Melissa Jara pleaded guilty to wire fraud and is to be sentenced on
June 22, 2015. Co-defendant Ricardo Salinas previously pleaded guilty to bank
fraud, and his sentencing is set for June 29, 2015.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             548 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                           November 10, 2011 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

BRIEFS

BYLINE: From staff and wire reports

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 805 words


Port will consider raise for director

TAMPA -- The Tampa Port Authority board on Tuesday will consider a raise for
Port of Tampa director Richard Wainio from $251,118 to $268,500, port counsel
Charles Klug said Wednesday.

The proposed raise will be discussed at the regularly scheduled November port
authority board meeting.

Wainio has been under fire from some local port tenants, but the authority in
September voted to negotiate a new, two-year contract for the director.

Tampa couple plead in mortgage-fraud case

TAMPA -- A Tampa couple pleaded guilty to their part in an $8.8 million mortgage
fraud racketeering conspiracy.

David Barile, 44, and Melissa D. Barile, 35, prepared and submitted 50
fraudulent residential mortgage-loan applications to residential mortgage-loan
lenders to obtain mortgage loans, according to Attorney General Pam Bondi.

The fraudulent mortgages involved 33 properties purchased by the defendants and
co-defendants from 2003 to 2007 in Hernando, Hillsborough, Orange, Osceola,
Pasco, Pinellas and Seminole counties.

The Bariles were part of three husband-and-wife teams and one other person who
were arrested in the scheme in August.

David Barile was convicted in 2004 of wire fraud in an unrelated mortgage-fraud
case. Some of the loans involved in this investigation occurred during that
time.

Median home prices fall in most U.S. cities

WASHINGTON -- Home prices dropped in nearly three quarters of U.S. cities over
the summer, dragged down by a decline in buyer interest and a high number of
foreclosures.

The National Association of Realtors said Wednesday that the median price for
previously occupied homes fell in the July-September in 111 out of 150
metropolitan areas tracked by the group. Prices are compared with the same
quarter from the previous year.

The median price in the Tampa metro area fell 5 percent to $126,900.

Fourteen cities had double-digit declines. The median price in Mobile, Ala.,
dropped 17.7 percent, the largest of all declines. Phoenix, Allentown, Pa.,
Atlanta, Las Vegas and Miami also experienced steep declines.

Adobe backs off on mobile Flash

NEW YORK -- Adobe Systems Inc. is pulling its Flash software for Web video and
games from the browsers of mobile devices, though Flash will still work on
mobile apps and on the Web browsers of regular computers.

The move is a win for Apple Inc., which has famously banned Flash from working
on the iPhone and the iPad. Adobe said Wednesday, however, that the about-face
is about giving people what they want.

GM 3Q profit drops 15 percent; shares fall

DETROIT -- Europe's economic woes are weighing on General Motors Co.'s profits.

The company's third-quarter net income fell 15 percent from a year earlier,
dragged down by losses in Europe and South America and weak earnings in all
areas except North America and China.

GM said its net income fell to $1.7 billion in the quarter, or $1.03 per share,
compared with $2 billion, or $1.20 per share, a year earlier. Still, it was the
GM's seventh-straight quarterly profit, and the lower numbers still beat Wall
Street's expectations.

Wendy's loss in third quarter widens

NEW YORK -- Wendy's Co.'s third-quarter loss widened as the fast-food company
paid off costs related to selling the Arby's chain.

Wendy's lost nearly $4 million, or a penny per share, missing analysts'
estimates. In the same period a year ago, when it was still attached to Arby's,
the chain lost $909,000, which was break-even per share.

New vehicle added at Miss. Nissan plant

CANTON, Miss. -- Nissan's commercial van will be added to the production line
produced at the firm's plant in Canton, Miss., next year.

Nissan made the announcement Tuesday. The four-row 12-passenger commercial van
will feature a center console and a mobile office. Nissan says the vehicle
should be available in the spring of 2012.

Cisco's results show signs of turnaround

NEW YORK -- Cisco Systems Inc., the world's largest maker of computer networking
gear, is showing signs of a turnaround.

The San Jose, Calif., company posted net income of $1.8 billion, or 33 cents per
share, in the fiscal first quarter, which ended in October. That compares with
$1.9 billion, or 34 cents per share, a year ago.

Pharmacies sue Pfizer over Lipitor pricing

SAN FRANCISCO -- A group of California pharmacies are accusing Pfizer Inc. and a
generic drug maker of conspiring to keep the price of cholesterol-fighting
Lipitor artificially high.

Eleven pharmacies filed a lawsuit Monday in San Francisco federal court alleging
antitrust violations. The lawsuit alleges that Pfizer and India-based Ranbaxy
Laboratories illegally delayed the U.S. marketing of generic alternatives to
Lipitor, the world's best-selling pharmaceutical.

From staff and wire reports

Copyright © 2011, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2011 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                             549 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    October 4, 1994, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

$ 50 million phone bill tied to stolen cards

BYLINE: Shelly Reese

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 244 words


An MCI employee has been charged with running up a $ 50 million bill using other
customers' long distance calling cards.

MCI said Monday that Ivy James Lay, a switch technician in Cary, N.C., was
arrested last week by the Secret Service. He's free on bond.

The company says more than 60,000 calling card numbers were stolen in what may
be the largest and most sophisticated case of phone fraud yet uncovered, says
MCI spokeswoman Leslie Aun. Customers will not be charged.

The Secret Service says Lay designed computer software to divert and hold
calling card numbers from a variety of carriers - including MCI, Sprint and AT&T
- that route calls through MCI equipment.

Those numbers were sold to computer hackers in the United States and Europe who
resold them to other users.

MCI and AT&T suspected fraud last spring, Aun says. The companies called the
Secret Service after identifying Lay as a suspect.

"If suddenly 50 calls show up in a 15-minute period to a Third World country
that you haven't called before, we're going to suspect something . . .
especially if all those calls are from a pay phone in New York City," Aun says.

Fraud costs the long-distance industry $ 2 billion to $ 5 billion annually, Aun
says.

Secret Service agents served warrants last week against alleged co-conspirators
in Los Angeles, Seattle, Philadelphia, Minneapolis and Chicago.

Max Louarn, 22, of Palma de Mallorca, Spain, was also charged with conspiracy.

LOAD-DATE: October 05, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1994 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             550 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 26, 2015 Monday

Arizona: Naples Man Indicted in Million-Dollar Internet Fraud Scheme

LENGTH: 289  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Justice has issued the following news release:

FORT MYERS, FL--United States Attorney A. Lee Bentley, III announces the
unsealing of an indictment charging Jeffrey Ihm (47, Naples) with multiple
counts of wire fraud and aggravated identity theft. Each wire fraud count
carries a maximum penalty of 20 years in federal prison. In addition, he faces a
maximum penalty of two years' imprisonment for each aggravated identity theft
offense, to be served consecutively to any wire fraud conviction. The indictment
also notifies Ihm that the United States is seeking a money judgment against him
in the amount of $1,064,664.74, and intends to forfeit the house located at 3343
Pacific Drive, Naples, Florida, which are both alleged to be traceable to
proceeds of the fraud.

According to the indictment, Ihm assumed the identities of and posed as three
different Roper Industries, Inc. executives. He then generated false and
fraudulent e-mails and other documents in the names of Roper Industries, Inc.
and Kynetic Technologies, LLC to defraud Wells Fargo Bank, causing the bank to
wire him $1,064,664.74 to which he was not entitled.

An indictment is merely a formal charge that a defendant has committed one or
more violations of federal criminal law, and every defendant is presumed
innocent unless, and until, proven guilty.

This case was investigated by the United States Secret Service and the Federal
Bureau of Investigation, with assistance from the Economic Crimes Unit of the
Collier County Sherriff's Office. It will be prosecuted by Assistant United
States Attorneys David G. Lazarus and Dale R. Campion.


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             551 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Computerworld

                                October 10, 1994

Toll fraud rings in high cost

BYLINE: Ellis Booker and Gary H. Anthes; CW Staff

SECTION: Pg. 1

LENGTH: 765 words


The arrest last week of an MCI Communications Corp. employee accused of
electronically pilfering 60,000 calling-card numbers is as much a story about
impressive fraud detection systems as it is about the increasingly
computer-savvy criminals they try to catch.

Toll fraud costs the nation's carriers and their customers $ 6.5 billion per
year and is growing at a 20% rate annually, said Bernie R. Milligan, president
of Communications & Toll Fraud Specialists, Inc., a Houston consultancy.

In the case disclosed last week, MCI switch engineer Ivy James Lay reportedly
collected 60,000 calling-card numbers during a six-month period and then sold
them to an international crime ring. The ring then sold them to Americans in
Seattle, Philadelphia, Minneapolis and Chicago, who in turn sold them to
European computer users. The scam ultimately led to use of some of the card
numbers to pirate software from U.S.-based on-line computer networks and
bulletin boards.

Big bucks

MCI officials estimated that the entire criminal operation cost it more than $
50 million in revenue.

Another telephone company employee, at Cleartel in Washington, was arrested last
month for stealing some 40,000 card numbers.

"It's brilliant using a crime to commit a crime," said Winn Schwartau, executive
director at Interpact, Inc., a computer security consulting firm in Seminole,
Fla. "You'll be seeing more of this. The information systems themselves are
what's under attack. They are both the weapons and the targets of the weapons at
the same time."

MCI said Lay's scheme involved network "sniffer" software programs on the
switches at the Greensboro, N.C., station where he worked. The sniffer scanned
for and captured numbers from thousands of calls sent through the center daily.

What would A. G. Bell say?

"Telephone fraud is the handmaiden to network penetration," said John Haugh,
chairman of Telecommunications Advisors, Inc. in Portland, Ore. Haugh said the
MCI case proved that such crimes are a two-step process, involving both the
theft of a calling-card number and its use to attempt to crack corporate data
resources.

Automated fraud detection systems at MCI, as well as AT&T Corp., Sprint Corp.
and GTE Corp., began to reveal a pattern of abuse earlier this year. For years,
the carriers have exchanged information on fraud investigations.

"From the beginning, because of the high number of cards, it was reasonable to
assume it was an in-house job," said an MCI spokeswoman. She said Lay was
transferred in April, and in May, a task force representing MCI and other
carriers was formed. At this point, the U.S. Secret Service become involved in
the case.

Just like telecommunications companies, credit-card firms are busy building
increasingly accurate fraud detection systems.

Caught in the act

According to David Medeiros, a research analyst at The Tower Group in Wellesley,
Mass., the next phase for these systems will be real-time capabilities the
ability to spot a fraudulent transaction as it happens.

But "trying to get to a system to block the transaction at the register"
requires huge computational resources, Medeiros said. The existing systems, some
of which use neural network technology to build an historical, predictive model
of an individual's charging behavior, are mostly report-oriented. The crime is
detected, but only after the fact.

Mastercard International, Inc., for one, hopes to add just such a real-time
aspect to its family of fraud detection systems within a year, according to a
company spokeswoman. Meanwhile, many companies say nothing and do little about
the pirating of their long-distance lines. One Fortune 500 company takes a tax
loss of $ 65,000 each month for toll fraud, Milligan said.

He said he advises businesses not to rely on the telephone companies to look out
for their interests. "The local telephone companies get up to 27 cents out of
the dollar for each long-distance call, with or without fraud," Milligan said.
"So they have very little incentive to stop it."

Scrutinize your bill

But sometimes companies are unknowing victims because fraudulent calls are
hidden in telephone bills that are not reviewed carefully, said Richard Miluski,
a voice communications security specialist at the National Computer Security
Association in Carlisle, Pa.

Miluski said the cost of toll fraud traditionally borne mostly by the carriers
is increasingly being shifted to large corporations that buy their own telephone
systems and set up their own networks.

Senior editor Allan E. Alter contributed to this report.


LOAD-DATE: October 17, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: icon

                       Copyright 1994 Computerworld, Inc.


                             552 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              India Insurance News

                       March 31, 2014 Monday 6:30 AM EST

The National Insurance Crime Bureau: Cook County Focus on Insurance Fraud
Prosecutions

LENGTH: 294  words


March 31 -- The Cook County State's Attorney's Office and the National Insurance
Crime Bureau (NICB) are joining forces to create a coordinated public-private
partnership to crack down on the growing problem of insurance fraud in the
Chicago area.



As part of the joint venture, the State's Attorney's Office is dedicating a team
of prosecutors who will focus exclusively on the proactive investigation and
prosecution of insurance crimes. These prosecutors will work closely with NICB
investigators and the NICB's newly created Midwest Major Medical Fraud Task
Force to seek criminal actions against those who target insurance companies and
the public with phony or exaggerated claims.

The special prosecutors' arrangement is modeled on similar successful efforts in
other cities where NICB has established Major Medical Fraud Task Forces. The
first two were opened in Miami and New York in 2002 and others operate in
Houston, Los Angeles, New Jersey, Tampa and Washington, D.C.

"Insurance fraud is a significant problem across the country that directly
impacts responsible consumers who are forced to pay higher insurance premiums as
a result of these thefts and schemes," said Cook County State's Attorney Anita
Alvarez. "We are excited to be able to work with the NICB, its member companies
and our law enforcement partners in this coordinated effort on behalf of
consumers to attack this rising crime."

"We applaud the Cook County State's Attorney for partnering with us in this
effort," said NICB President and CEO Joe Wehrle. "NICB has been fighting
insurance fraud and vehicle theft for more than 100 years, and we know that our
efforts can only be successful if we have the support of our law enforcement
partners and dedicated prosecutors who share our mission."

LOAD-DATE: April 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2014 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             553 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 16, 2015 Monday

Arizona: Columbus Businessman Charged in Financial Fraud Scheme

LENGTH: 375  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Justice has issued the following news releae:

COLUMBUS--A federal grand jury has charged David H. DeMathews, 62, of Columbus,
with wire fraud, money laundering, engaging in monetary transactions in property
derived from unlawful activity, mail fraud and possessing a firearm as a
convicted felon in a 39-count indictment unsealed today.

Carter M. Stewart, United States Attorney for the Southern District of Ohio and
Angela L. Byers, Special Agent in Charge, Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI),
Cincinnati Field Division, announced the indictment returned March 3.

The indictment alleges that DeMathews used his positions as Director of National
Accounts and Executive Vice President of American Escrow and Title Services,
Inc. and President of DEMCO Advisory Corporation to execute a financial fraud
scheme.

DeMathews allegedly told some victims he would invest their money in the
construction of multi-million dollar buildings that were supposed to generate
repayment to the investors. He allegedly promised some victims he would invest
their money in Starbucks franchise opportunities in Central America, hospital
projects in Panama and Nicaragua and a water treatment plant in Florida.

"None of the business ventures were ever consummated and no legitimate income
was ever generated," Assistant United States Attorney Jessica Kim told the
court. "Rather than invest the money, DeMathews used it for personal use or to
partially pay other investors."

DeMathews received approximately $911,000 for the purpose of executing his
scheme.

Wire fraud, money laundering and mail fraud are crimes punishable by up to 20
years in prison and a $250,000 fine. Engaging in monetary transactions in
property derived from a specified unlawful activity and possession of a firearm
by a convicted felon carry a maximum sentence 10 years in prison and a $250,000
fine.

U.S. Attorney Stewart commended the investigation of this case by the FBI, and
Assistant United States Attorney Jessica Kim, who is prosecuting the case.

An indictment merely contains allegations, and the defendant is presumed
innocent unless proven guilty in a court of law.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             554 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                              May 20, 2014 Tuesday

2 DuPage County residents indicted in mortgage scheme

BYLINE: , Daily Herald report

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 235 words


Two DuPage County men were among six people indicted recently by a federal grand
jury on mortgage fraud charges.

Prosecutors said the men are accused of causing buyers to fraudulently obtain
mortgages from various lenders to purchase condominiums at Vision on State in
Chicago, a 250-unit building on the 1200 block of South State Street.

Robert D. Lattas, 37, of Oak Brook, an attorney who represented developers at
closing, is facing charges of bank fraud and making false statement. James J.
Carroll, 63, of Naperville, the chief financial officer of the company that
developed the building, is charged with bank fraud.

Also indicted were: Warren N. Barr III, 62, of Riverside; Jeffrey A. Budzik, 37,
of Miami Beach, Florida; Asif A. Aslam, 43, of Riverside, California; and
Leonardo V. Sanders, 51, of Chicago.

The indictment also seeks forfeiture of more than $22 million from Barr, Lattas,
Aslam and Sanders.

All but Barr are expected to be formally arraigned this week. Barr is believed
to be living in Saudi Arabia, and an arrest warrant has been issued, according
to court papers.

Prosecutors said that between 2007 and 2012, the men caused buyers to obtain
mortgages to purchase units at the building based on false statements to lenders
about the sale prices, buyer employment income, financial condition, assets,
liabilities and intent to occupy the units.

The men face up to 30 years in prison if convicted.

LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                             555 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Pittsburgh Post-Gazette (Pennsylvania)

                            August 17, 2010 Tuesday
                                 SOONER EDITION

SECTION: LOCAL; CITY/NORTH/EAST/SOUTH/STATE; Pg. B-2

LENGTH: 868 words


CITY

Father and daughter plead guilty in mortgage fraud

A father and daughter scheduled for trial Monday in federal court instead
pleaded guilty in a mortgage fraud scheme.

Colleen and John Chiavetta appeared before Judge D. Michael Fisher this morning
and changed their not guilty pleas.

Ms. Chiavetta pleaded guilty to tax evasion and wire fraud, and Mr. Chiavetta
pleaded guilty to wire fraud. They were part of the schemes associated with an
entity known as People's Home Mortgage, based in the West End. Sentencing is
Dec. 16.

Two Pittsburgh women killed in crash on interstate in Iowa

Two Pittsburgh women were among six people killed in a car crash on Interstate
80 in Iowa Saturday morning, according to a crash report posted on the Iowa
State Patrol's website.

The two women had left refugee camps in Thailand in the last few years and moved
to Whitehall with their families, said Kelly O'Brien, spokeswoman for the Jewish
Family & Children's Service of Pittsburgh, which aided the women and their
families through a refugee resettlement program. Both women attended Baldwin
High School.

Toh Toh, 19, came to Pittsburgh in July 2008 with her parents and a younger
brother from a refugee camp in Thailand, where they had escaped after fleeing
ethnic persecution in Myanmar, Ms. O'Brien said.

Another 16-year-old woman was also killed in the accident, but her name has not
been released. She and her family moved to Whitehall in 2007.

The Pittsburgh women were killed when their westbound Honda Odyssey van made
contact with another vehicle, then went out of control and crossed into the
eastbound lanes, where it was struck by another vehicle.

Jewish Family & Children's Service is providing grief counseling and
coordinating funeral arrangements, Ms. O'Brien said.

NORTH

Indiana Twp. explosion was result of welding tools

The explosion that killed two workers at a natural gas drilling site in Indiana
Township in July is believed to have been caused when workers began using
welding tools to repair a leaking tank used to collect oil, emergency management
chief Robert A. Full said Monday at the offices of Allegheny County Emergency
Services in North Point Breeze.

He said that although the tank had largely been drained, about 200 gallons of
oil remained in the bottom of the tank. The build-up of vapors put the tank "at
the explosive level," he said.

EAST

2 killed in motorcycle accident in Lower Burrell

A man and woman were killed in a motorcycle accident in Westmoreland County
early Monday morning.

The crash occurred along Route 780 between Dutchman Run Road and Dandyview Drive
in Lower Burrell.

Jeffrey C. Canaan, 35, of New Kensington, and passenger Katy Elizabeth
McCorkendale, 23, of Leechburg were pronounced dead at the scene by Deputy
Coroner Dennis Johns.

A police officer on patrol came upon the accident shortly after 3 a.m., the
deputy coroner said.

SOUTH

Teacher suspended for online photos reaches settlement

The American Civil Liberties Union of Pennsylvania says it has reached a
settlement in a case involving a Brownsville Area School District teacher
suspended without pay after photos of her with a stripper at a bachelorette
party were posted on Facebook.

The ACLU plans a news conference at its Oakland office today to discuss the
settlement.

The unidentified high school teacher was suspended for 30 days without pay after
she appeared in a picture someone else posted that included a male stripper at a
bridal shower.

The suspension was lifted in February. District solicitor Jim Davis wouldn't say
why the suspension was lifted at the time. He said the teacher had a grievance
pending and the district was continuing to investigate.

Driver killed in rear-end collision with tractor-trailer

A driver was killed when his vehicle rear-ended a tractor trailer carrying rebar
Monday morning in Washington County.

Timothy J. Burke, 50, of Maineville, Ohio, was pronounced dead at the scene at
9:35 a.m.

The crash occurred around 8:25 a.m. on Interstate 79 northbound near the
Southpointe exit, when Mr. Burke's sedan hit the rear of a tractor trailer that
was carrying an oversize load of rebar. The vehicle wedged under the load,
causing rebars to come through the windshield and onto the victim, according to
the county coroner's office.

The driver of the truck, 43-year-old John Glanton of Monroe, Ga., was not
injured.

Motorcylist killed in Fayette County is identified

A motorcyclist killed Saturday in a two-vehicle accident in Fayette County has
been identified as Joseph Pierno, 48, of Dunbar. He lost control of his
motorcycle at about 9:45 p.m. as he was traveling west on Leckrone Highhouse
Road in German Township, according to state police. His vehicle slid into the
oncoming lane in the path of a Ford Escape driven by Joseph Jacobson, 39.

STATE

Tea party candidate withdraws from race

John Krupa, whose claim to be the tea party candidate for governor was
questioned by other leaders of the movement, withdrew from the race Monday
midway through a review of his petition signatures.

Lawyers who spent the weekend sifting through the petitions agreed even before
review was half complete that more than 5,000 signatures were invalid, said
Lawrence Tabas, a Philadelphia attorney for the challengers.

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 P.G. Publishing Co.


                             556 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Inland Valley Daily Bulletin (Ontario, CA)

                            June 10, 2015 Wednesday

Three at Rancho Cucamonga business convicted of swindling over $7M

BYLINE: Doug Saunders

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 364 words


RIVERSIDE >> Three employees of a Rancho Cucamonga business were convicted
Tuesday of federal fraud charges associated with a telemarketing operation that
defrauded more than 5,000 homeowners out of more than $7 million..

A jury in the Riverside Federal Courthouse said Christopher Paul George, 45 of
Rancho Cucamonga, Crystal Taiwana Buck, 40 of Long Beach, and Albert DiRoberto,
62 of Fullerton bilked more than 5,000 homeowners out of more than $7 million,
many of whom eventually lost their homes to foreclosure, according to a U.S.
Attorney news release.

George was found guilty of one count of mail fraud affecting a financial
institution, three counts of wire fraud, two counts of wire fraud affecting a
financial institution, and one count of conspiracy to commit mail and wire fraud
. He could face a term of 170 years in federal prison.

Buck was convicted of three counts of mail fraud. She could face a term of 60
years in federal prison.

DiRoberto was found guilty of one count of mail fraud affecting a financial
institution and two counts of wire fraud affecting a financial institution. He
could face a term of 90 years in federal prison.

Andrea Ramirez, 47 of Rancho Cucamonga, who ran the business, previously pleaded
guilty to conspiracy to commit mail fraud and wire fraud.

George, the owner of 21st Century, and his co-conspirators were convicted today
following a five-week jury trial for swindling more than 5,000 struggling
homeowners out of approximately $7 million using deceit and lies to obtain money
for loan modifications which were represented as being affiliated with federal
housing aid programs,  said spokeswoman Christy Romero.  The defendants  sole
goal was getting money from homeowners, and they did and said whatever it took
to make that happen.

Michael Bruce Bates, 64 of Moreno Valley; Michael Lewis Parker, 37 of Pomona;
Catalina Deleon, 38 of Glendora; Hamid Reza Shalviri, 53 of Montebello; Yadira
Garcia Padilla, 38 of Rancho Cucamonga; Mindy Sue Holt, 55 of San Bernardino;
and Iris Melissa Pelayo, 45 of Upland previously pleaded guilty

Ramirez and the other defendants who previously pleaded guilty are scheduled to
be sentenced in the near future.

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             557 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        San Bernardino Sun (California)

                            June 10, 2015 Wednesday

Three at Rancho Cucamonga business convicted of swindling over $7M

BYLINE: Doug Saunders

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 364 words


RIVERSIDE >> Three employees of a Rancho Cucamonga business were convicted
Tuesday of federal fraud charges associated with a telemarketing operation that
defrauded more than 5,000 homeowners out of more than $7 million..

A jury in the Riverside Federal Courthouse said Christopher Paul George, 45 of
Rancho Cucamonga, Crystal Taiwana Buck, 40 of Long Beach, and Albert DiRoberto,
62 of Fullerton bilked more than 5,000 homeowners out of more than $7 million,
many of whom eventually lost their homes to foreclosure, according to a U.S.
Attorney news release.

George was found guilty of one count of mail fraud affecting a financial
institution, three counts of wire fraud, two counts of wire fraud affecting a
financial institution, and one count of conspiracy to commit mail and wire fraud
. He could face a term of 170 years in federal prison.

Buck was convicted of three counts of mail fraud. She could face a term of 60
years in federal prison.

DiRoberto was found guilty of one count of mail fraud affecting a financial
institution and two counts of wire fraud affecting a financial institution. He
could face a term of 90 years in federal prison.

Andrea Ramirez, 47 of Rancho Cucamonga, who ran the business, previously pleaded
guilty to conspiracy to commit mail fraud and wire fraud.

George, the owner of 21st Century, and his co-conspirators were convicted today
following a five-week jury trial for swindling more than 5,000 struggling
homeowners out of approximately $7 million using deceit and lies to obtain money
for loan modifications which were represented as being affiliated with federal
housing aid programs,  said spokeswoman Christy Romero.  The defendants  sole
goal was getting money from homeowners, and they did and said whatever it took
to make that happen.

Michael Bruce Bates, 64 of Moreno Valley; Michael Lewis Parker, 37 of Pomona;
Catalina Deleon, 38 of Glendora; Hamid Reza Shalviri, 53 of Montebello; Yadira
Garcia Padilla, 38 of Rancho Cucamonga; Mindy Sue Holt, 55 of San Bernardino;
and Iris Melissa Pelayo, 45 of Upland previously pleaded guilty

Ramirez and the other defendants who previously pleaded guilty are scheduled to
be sentenced in the near future.

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             558 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    San Gabriel Valley Tribune (California)

                            June 10, 2015 Wednesday

Three at Rancho Cucamonga business convicted of swindling over $7M

BYLINE: Doug Saunders

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 364 words


RIVERSIDE >> Three employees of a Rancho Cucamonga business were convicted
Tuesday of federal fraud charges associated with a telemarketing operation that
defrauded more than 5,000 homeowners out of more than $7 million..

A jury in the Riverside Federal Courthouse said Christopher Paul George, 45 of
Rancho Cucamonga, Crystal Taiwana Buck, 40 of Long Beach, and Albert DiRoberto,
62 of Fullerton bilked more than 5,000 homeowners out of more than $7 million,
many of whom eventually lost their homes to foreclosure, according to a U.S.
Attorney news release.

George was found guilty of one count of mail fraud affecting a financial
institution, three counts of wire fraud, two counts of wire fraud affecting a
financial institution, and one count of conspiracy to commit mail and wire fraud
. He could face a term of 170 years in federal prison.

Buck was convicted of three counts of mail fraud. She could face a term of 60
years in federal prison.

DiRoberto was found guilty of one count of mail fraud affecting a financial
institution and two counts of wire fraud affecting a financial institution. He
could face a term of 90 years in federal prison.

Andrea Ramirez, 47 of Rancho Cucamonga, who ran the business, previously pleaded
guilty to conspiracy to commit mail fraud and wire fraud.

George, the owner of 21st Century, and his co-conspirators were convicted today
following a five-week jury trial for swindling more than 5,000 struggling
homeowners out of approximately $7 million using deceit and lies to obtain money
for loan modifications which were represented as being affiliated with federal
housing aid programs,  said spokeswoman Christy Romero.  The defendants  sole
goal was getting money from homeowners, and they did and said whatever it took
to make that happen.

Michael Bruce Bates, 64 of Moreno Valley; Michael Lewis Parker, 37 of Pomona;
Catalina Deleon, 38 of Glendora; Hamid Reza Shalviri, 53 of Montebello; Yadira
Garcia Padilla, 38 of Rancho Cucamonga; Mindy Sue Holt, 55 of San Bernardino;
and Iris Melissa Pelayo, 45 of Upland previously pleaded guilty

Ramirez and the other defendants who previously pleaded guilty are scheduled to
be sentenced in the near future.

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2015 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Los Angeles Newspaper Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             559 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        San Bernardino Sun (California)

                              June 9, 2015 Tuesday

Three at Rancho Cucamonga business convicted of swindling over $7M

BYLINE: Doug Saunders

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 364 words


RIVERSIDE >> Three employees of a Rancho Cucamonga business were convicted
Tuesday of federal fraud charges associated with a telemarketing operation that
defrauded more than 5,000 homeowners out of more than $7 million..

A jury in the Riverside Federal Courthouse said Christopher Paul George, 45 of
Rancho Cucamonga, Crystal Taiwana Buck, 40 of Long Beach, and Albert DiRoberto,
62 of Fullerton bilked more than 5,000 homeowners out of more than $7 million,
many of whom eventually lost their homes to foreclosure, according to a U.S.
Attorney news release.

George was found guilty of one count of mail fraud affecting a financial
institution, three counts of wire fraud, two counts of wire fraud affecting a
financial institution, and one count of conspiracy to commit mail and wire fraud
. He could face a term of 170 years in federal prison.

Buck was convicted of three counts of mail fraud. She could face a term of 60
years in federal prison.

DiRoberto was found guilty of one count of mail fraud affecting a financial
institution and two counts of wire fraud affecting a financial institution. He
could face a term of 90 years in federal prison.

Andrea Ramirez, 47 of Rancho Cucamonga, who ran the business, previously pleaded
guilty to conspiracy to commit mail fraud and wire fraud.

George, the owner of 21st Century, and his co-conspirators were convicted today
following a five-week jury trial for swindling more than 5,000 struggling
homeowners out of approximately $7 million using deceit and lies to obtain money
for loan modifications which were represented as being affiliated with federal
housing aid programs,  said spokeswoman Christy Romero.  The defendants  sole
goal was getting money from homeowners, and they did and said whatever it took
to make that happen.

Michael Bruce Bates, 64 of Moreno Valley; Michael Lewis Parker, 37 of Pomona;
Catalina Deleon, 38 of Glendora; Hamid Reza Shalviri, 53 of Montebello; Yadira
Garcia Padilla, 38 of Rancho Cucamonga; Mindy Sue Holt, 55 of San Bernardino;
and Iris Melissa Pelayo, 45 of Upland previously pleaded guilty

Ramirez and the other defendants who previously pleaded guilty are scheduled to
be sentenced in the near future.

LOAD-DATE: June 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             560 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 June 9, 1993, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

2 Partners In Investment Plead Guilty

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section B; Page 6; Column 6; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 537 words

DATELINE: NEW HAVEN, June 8


The two founders of the failed Colonial Realty Company, which once controlled a
$2 billion real-estate empire, pleaded guilty today to Federal fraud charges.

Jonathan N. Googel, in charge of marketing the company's investment properties,
admitted he fraudulently obtained millions of dollars in loans by greatly
overstating the amount of money committed to Colonial projects by investors.

His partner, Benjamin J. Sisti, admitted that, to shield his family's fortune
from creditors, he illegally shifted more than $8 million to his wife's bank
account and real estate in Florida shortly before Colonial's collapse in 1990.

Colonial, which was founded 25 years ago and based in West Hartford, was forced
to seek bankruptcy protection in 1990 by banks owed more than $40 million.

Most of the company's real-estate partnerships, located in Connecticut and 17
other states, have been forced into bankruptcy or foreclosure or are having
trouble paying bills. Thousands of investors put about $350 million into the
projects.

Milt Ahlerich, special agent in charge of the F.B.I. in Connecticut, told a news
conference after the pleas that Colonial was a company "where greed, deceit and
cash payoffs of enormous scale prevailed at the expense of legitimate financial
and investment practices."

United States Attorney Albert S. Dabrowski did not offer any assurances to
investors hoping to recoup their losses.

Mr. Googel, 50, pleaded guilty in Federal District Court in Bridgeport to two
counts of wire fraud, one count of bank fraud and one count of tax fraud. The
crimes occurred from 1988 to 1990.

Mr. Sisti, 54, pleaded guilty three hours later in Federal District Court in New
Haven to two counts of bankruptcy fraud, one count of wire fraud and one count
of tax fraud.

Both men were released on $100,000 bond until sentencing in September.

Mr. Googel faces a maximum penalty of 18 years in prison and fines of up to $4
million, prosecutors said. He could also be ordered to make restitution. His
sentencing was scheduled for Sept. 17.

Moving Money in Florida

Mr. Sisti pleaded guilty to charges stemming from his activities after
Colonial's empire began to crumble. He faces a maximum penalty of 20 years in
prison and up to $17 million in fines. His sentencing was scheduled for Sept.
13.

When Judge Jose A. Cabranes asked Mr. Sisti to explain his actions in his own
words, he responded: "We decided to move my money to Florida to protect my
family."

Mr. Sisti's son, Kevin, pleaded guilty today to a conspiracy charge for
receiving loan proceeds for his father, then depositing them in family accounts
in Florida. He faces a maximum penalty of five years in prison.

A former Colonial partner, Frank M. Shuch, who was accused of stealing at least
$6 million from Colonial and its investors, committed suicide in February 1992
while fraud and embezzlement charges against him were pending.

Late last year, William P. Candelori, a former state lawmaker and executive at
Colonial, pleaded guilty to Federal tax evasion for failing to report hundreds
of thousands of dollars in income.

Two other former Colonial employees have been convicted in the investigation of
the company's collapse.

NAME: Benjamin J. Sisti; Jonathan N. Googel

LOAD-DATE: June 9, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Biography

                   Copyright 1993 The New York Times Company


                             561 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 29, 2015 Thursday

Arizona: Snoqualmie Washington Man Indicted in Extensive Benefits Fraud Scheme

LENGTH: 417  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Justice has issued the following news release:

A federal grand jury has indicted a former federal employee for multiple counts
of wire fraud and mail fraud, and making false statements in connection with an
extensive scheme to fraudulently obtain federal and state benefits, announced
Acting United States Attorney Annette L. Hayes. DARRYL LEE WRIGHT, 46, of
Snoqualmie, Washington, will appear today in U.S. District Court in Tacoma at
2:30 p.m. His sister KAREN M. BEVENS, 43, of Duvall, Washington, who is charged
in one of the counts, will appear for arraignment next week. The indictment was
returned following an investigation that revealed that WRIGHT was making false
and conflicting claims to various agencies in an effort to fraudulently obtain
benefits. The charged criminal conduct allegedly occurred from 2005 to the
present, during which WRIGHT is alleged to have fraudulently received more than
$250,000 in benefits.

According to the indictment, WRIGHT made a variety of false claims in his scheme
to defraud the Department of Veterans Affairs, the Social Security
Administration, and the Washington State Department of Employment Security.
False statements also were made to the Department of Commerce, the Office of
Personnel Management, the Washington State Department of Social and Health
Services and the U.S. Army.

The nine count indictment charges schemes to commit both wire fraud and mail
fraud, making false statements to the Army, and making a false statement to the
U.S. Department of Commerce.

The charges contained in the indictment are only allegations. A person is
presumed innocent unless and until he or she is proven guilty beyond a
reasonable doubt in a court of law.

The case was investigated by multiple agencies led by the Social Security Office
of Inspector General (SSA-OIG). The Office of Inspector General of these
agencies were involved in the investigation: Veterans Affairs (VA-OIG),
Department of Commerce (DOC-OIG), Office of Personnel Management (OPM-OIG), and
General Services Administration (GSA-OIG). Also contributing to the
investigation is the FBI, U.S. Army Criminal Investigation Division, the
Washington National Guard, the Washington Employment Security Department and the
Washington State Department of Social and Health Services.

The case is being prosecuted by Assistant United States Attorney David Reese
Jennings.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             562 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Orange County Register (California)

                            November 30, 2012 Friday

Two men behind fraud scheme get 25-year sentences

BYLINE: Vik Jolly Register writer, The Orange County Register

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B

LENGTH: 345 words

DATELINE: SANTA ANA



HIGHLIGHT: Hundreds of IDs were stolen and $8 million lost in crimes run from
inside of prisons.


  A U.S. District Court judge Wednesday sentenced to 25 years each in federal
prison two men who prosecutors say led one of the most sophisticated bank fraud
and identity theft schemes in Southern California from behind prison walls.

The scheme stole the identities of hundreds of people and targeted elderly and
other vulnerable victims, federal prosecutors say. For the approximate six-year
duration of the scheme ending in 2011, defendants conspired to cause at least $8
million in losses, with victims in Orange, Los Angeles and San Bernardino
counties, as well as in Arizona, Texas and Nevada, prosecutors said.

Angus Brown, 36, also known as "Homicide" and described in court papers as a
"career criminal and identity thief" with several prior convictions, was serving
time for identity theft when he participated in the scheme, a news release said.

Arman Sharopetrosian, also known as "Horse," 33, of Burbank and a member of the
Armenian Power criminal enterprise, was serving a 10-year sentence for shooting
at an occupied vehicle and carrying a concealed weapon when he committed the
federal fraud offense, the release said.

Brown pleaded guilty in December last year to conspiracy to commit bank fraud
conspiracy, bank fraud and 17 counts of aggravated identity theft.

Earlier this year, Sharopetrosian was found guilty of one count of bank fraud
conspiracy, four counts of bank fraud and seven counts of aggravated identify
fraud by U.S. District Court Judge David Carter, who sentenced him and Brown on
Wednesday.

"The court's sentence is a strong message to serial identity thieves and
fraudsters that their conduct will be met with stiff consequences," Assistant
U.S. Attorney Joseph McNally said.

According to a fraud indictment issued by a federal grand jury in Orange County,
members of Armenian Power worked with members of black street gangs and bribed
bank insiders to gather information allowing them to take over accounts in a
scheme that caused millions in losses, a news release from the U.S. Attorney's
Office said.



714-834-3773 or vjolly@ocregister.com

LOAD-DATE: December 1, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE:  Story

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Orange County Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                             563 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                             June 18, 2009 Thursday

East Bay businessman imprisoned in fraud scheme

BYLINE: From staff reports

SECTION: BREAKING; My Town; Alameda; Crime; News; Local

LENGTH: 183 words


The president of a Pleasanton-based software-employee recruiting service has
been sentenced to two years and three months in prison, three years of probation
and payment of almost $596,000 in restitution for a scheme in which he defrauded
investors by telling them his firm was connected to a Silicon Valley giant.

John Kevin Thompson, 45, was president of TUSK, federal prosecutors say. He now
admits that in 2004, he promoted his company to a Newport Beach investor and
others as having ties with Sun Microsystems, when ties did not exist. He admits
he provided bogus financial documents and notarized documents with faked
signatures. He then used the fraudulently obtained investments to repay earlier
investors, pay TUSK's operating costs and augment his own salary above its
agreed-upon limit.

A federal grand jury indicted Thompson in August on charges of mail fraud, wire
fraud and money laundering; he pleaded guilty in February to one mail fraud
count and was sentenced Wednesday in Oakland by U.S. District Judge Claudia
Wilken. Mail fraud is punishable by as much as 20 years in federal prison.

LOAD-DATE: June 22, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2009 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             564 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                           December 5, 2013 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

state briefs

BYLINE:

SECTION: LOCAL & BUSINESS; Pg. 2B

LENGTH: 588 words


WESTON

Man kills wife, son with crossbow

A South Florida man used a crossbow to kill his wife and teenage son in their
townhouse, tried to kill a second son who is a student at Florida State
University and wound up dead in a motel bathroom near Lake City, authorities
said. Broward County Sheriff's Office deputies said the body of Pedro Jose
Maldonado Sr., 53, of Weston was found Wednesday after he apparently slit his
own throat. On Monday, he had used what deputies described as a handheld
crossbow that fires small darts to kill his wife, 47-year-old Monica
Narvaez-Maldonado, and younger son Pedro Jose Maldonado Jr., 17, in Weston. He
then drove to Tallahassee and just after 7 a.m. Tuesday attacked his older son,
21-year-old Jose Maldonado, with the crossbow but the dart just grazed the son's
ear. Deputies say the father tried to choke the son, but the younger Maldonado
managed to escape.

MIAMI

Lawyer convicted in insurance fraud

Attorney Anthony Livoti Jr., 64, has been convicted for his role in an $800
million insurance fraud scheme involving investments in death benefits. A jury
Wednesday convicted hm of money laundering and fraud conspiracy in the Mutual
Benefits Corp. case. He faces decades in prison because of the fraud's size.
Now-defunct Mutual Benefits sold investments in life insurance policies held by
people with chronic illnesses such as AIDS and cancer.

TALLAHASSEE

Scratch-off for a cure proposed

Sen. Geraldine Thompson, D-Orlando, has proposed a measure (SB 466) that would
direct the Florida Lottery to run an instant scratch-off game to benefit
breast-cancer research and services for certain breast-cancer victims. The
special game, titled "Ticket for the Cure," would be required to run from Jan.
1, 2015, through Dec. 31, 2020. Thompson's proposal would direct net revenue
from the tickets to be distributed equally to state universities that have
medical research facilities or are associated with research centers.

Crist committee helps fund Dems

A political committee that has raised more than $1 million to boost Charlie
Crist's gubernatorial campaign has sent $136,000 to the Florida Democratic
Party, according to a posting this week on the committee's website. The
committee, Charlie Crist for Florida, started raising money last month after
Crist formally entered the race to unseat Republican Gov. Rick Scott.

Lauren's Kids founder honored

The founder of a South Florida organization that seeks to prevent sexual abuse
and help survivors is this year's winner of L'Oreal's Women of Worth program.
Lauren's Kids founder Lauren Book was selected as the cosmetic company's
national honoree Tuesday night at a ceremony in New York City. Book was abused
by her nanny as a child and has since worked to change laws and create awareness
programs to prevent abuse. Her foundation will receive a $25,000 grant from
L'Oreal.

NORTH MIAMI BEACH

19-year-old killed

during TV football

A 19-year-old North Miami Beach man is accused of fatally shooting his
19-year-old friend while watching Monday Night Football. Police say the shooting
happened about 10 p.m. as Brandon Lapeikis and three friends were watching the
the Saints play the Seahawks. Lapeikis told detectives he got a pistol from
another room, pointed it at Christian Salazar's head and pulled the trigger.
Witnesses say Lapeikis said something to the effect of "game over" just before
pulling the trigger. Investigators say Lapeikis had lost touch with Salazar
after high school, but recently started hanging out with him again.

Post wire services

LOAD-DATE: December 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2013 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             565 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald Tribune (Florida)

                          September 14, 2011 Wednesday

Mortgage fraud high

BYLINE: Staff Report

SECTION: D; ARCHIVES; Pg. D02

LENGTH: 290 words


Florida continues to be the state with the most mortgage fraud, according to a
list compiled by MortgageDaily.com, but other states are gaining.

The national "Second-Quarter 2011 Mortgage Fraud Index" was at 1,261, an
increase of 27 percent from the first quarter.

According to the company's data, Minnesota "emerged as a problem area for
mortgage fraud and helped lift national activity from the first quarter."

Florida's reading was 117, translating into $184 million in fraud. Minnesota, by
comparison, had a reading of 107 and $184.7 million in fraud.

Other states among those with the highest readings were Ohio, California and
Pennsylvania. Oregon, Utah, Iowa and Colorado saw the biggest
quarter-over-quarter increases.

The index is based on criminal and civil cases in which defendants are accused
of trying to deceive lenders into making credit decisions using fraudulent
documentation or property appraisals with false values.

The U.S. index fell more than 25 percent from a year earlier. Oregon had the
largest drop from a year earlier, at 78 percent, while Utah had the biggest
jump.

The Minnesota Mortgage Fraud Index, which rose 15 percent from the same period
last year, was at its highest level during any quarter based on more than five
years of data.

The second-quarter dollar volume of U.S. cases totaled $340 million more than
during the first quarter.

A big chunk of this growth came from Minnesota, which saw about $161 million
more in cases.

FAX BOX

TOP STATES

Top states for mortgage fraud in 2011: By state index Florida117 Minnesota107
Ohio103 California93 Pennsylvania87 By total amount Minnesota$184.7 million
Florida$184 million Arizona$162.6 million New York$152.5 million
California$135.7 million SOURCE: MortgageDaily.com

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             566 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                              April 7, 2006 Friday
                              Correction Appended
                                 FINAL EDITION

Marriage fraud: Is anyone watching?

BYLINE: Elena Maria Lopez

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 13A

LENGTH: 432 words


Even as the Senate and President Bush on Thursday were compromising on a
proposal  to restrict the number of foreigners allowed to remain in the USA, one
point was overlooked: There are no limits on foreign spouses. If  you can marry
a U.S. citizen or legal permanent resident (a "green card" holder), you're
guaranteed permanent access to the USA.

More foreigners gain  U.S. residency through marriage than any other way,
Department of Homeland Security data show. Marriage-based immigration accounted
for 37% of all legal immigration in 2004, more than refugees and asylum seekers
and employment-based immigrants  combined.

Yet, Congress and the Bush administration have been so focused on border fences,
guest-worker or amnesty programs that marriage-based immigration fraud has
largely gone unnoticed. Immigration officials described fraud as rampant in a
2002 GAO report. Marriage fraud accounted for approximately half of all
immigration fraud cases, the agency reported.

Marriage-based immigration has clear advantages:

*A foreigner who marries a U.S. citizen  can gain citizenship after two years
rather than the usual five-year waiting period.

*Cases of marriage fraud are rarely exposed.  Homeland Security says it
completed investigations of only 1% of marriage-based green cards in 2004.

A foreign-born spouse can apply for a green card after two years. Once approved,
he or she can begin sponsoring other family members to come to the USA.

"Marrying a U.S. citizen is one of the easiest ways to stay in the United States
once within the country's borders," said Janice Kephart, former counsel to the
9/11 Commission, in a 2005 report.

Kephart raises another caution about marriage fraud. After inspecting
immigration files, she discovered numerous instances of  immigration and
marriage fraud by suspected foreign-born terrorists operating in the USA from
the early 1990s to 2005. Of the 36 suspected terrorists who obtained green cards
or U.S. citizenship in the report, half acquired this status by marrying an
American -- 10 of them entering sham marriages.  Kephart's report was for the
Center for Immigration Studies, a think tank based in Washington, D.C., that
promotes tighter immigration controls.

The DHS needs to investigate more immigrant marriages, and Congress should
consider lengthening the time required for foreign-born spouses to gain a green
card and citizenship. If the love is real, a marriage surely will last a little
longer.

Elena Maria Lopez is a freelance journalist in the Philadelphia area. She's
working on a book about her green-card marriage and its aftermath.

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: April 11, 2006



CORRECTION: A Forum column Friday on marriage-based immigration misstated the
length of the waiting period for citizenship. A foreigner who marries a U.S.
citizen must wait three years before becoming eligible for citizenship.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2006 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             567 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                          September 25, 2008 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Officials Say Seffner Man Is Part Of Scheme

BYLINE: RAY REYES, The Tampa Tribune

SECTION: METRO; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 230 words


HE'S CHARGED IN LARGE MORTGAGE FRAUD SCAM

By RAY REYES

The Tampa Tribune

TAMPA - A Seffner man was arrested Wednesday in connection with a
multimillion-dollar mortgage fraud scheme that victimized dozens of people since
2004, the Florida Department of Law Enforcement said.

Michael Thomas Fetterhoff, 37, of 205 Kingsway Road, was charged with grand
theft of more than $100,000.

Fetterhoff worked in sales for Advanced Mortgage Solutions, a mortgage broker
company associated with other home improvement businesses that persuaded mostly
minority customers in poor areas of Florida to take out home loans, FDLE
spokeswoman Trena Reddick said.

Those involved in the scheme diverted money into personal bank accounts, and the
victims were left with large home loans and few, if any, home improvements,
authorities said.

A multiagency investigation that focused on New York-based Argent Mortgage Co.
began in 2004 when homeowners filed complaints about construction work that was
not completed.

Orson Benn, a former Argent executive, and multiple co-defendants in the case
were sentenced to 18 years in prison Sept. 5. The enterprise submitted nearly
130 bogus loan applications made in Hillsborough, Lee, Pinellas and Polk
counties to Argent, the state attorney general's office said.

Copyright © 2008, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2008 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                             568 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                January 23, 1989

Three Sentenced in Illinois Fraud Scheme

SECTION: Pg. 33

LENGTH: 363 words

DATELINE: CHICAGO


Two former top thrift executives and a former mortgage bank president were
sentenced to prison for their roles in a multi-million dollar fraud scheme.

The three also were told by the judge that they will be responsible for paying a
$ 16 million penalty to the thrift and the FSLIC that a jury authorized under
racketeering laws.

William F. Powers, 47, former president of the now-defunct First Financial
Savings and Loan of Downers Grove, Ill., and Donald Ceaser, 43, the
institution's former executive vice president were sentenced to prison terms of
three years and six years respectively by U.S. District Judge James B. Moran.

Eugene Cahill, 50, former president of the now defunct Denver-based Reliance
Mortgage Co., was sentenced to 7-1/2 years in prison by Judge Moran.

Last October, a jury convicted Ceaser, Powers and Cahill of multiple counts of
racketeering, racketeering conspiracy, mail fraud, wire fraud and interstate
transportation of money obtained by fraud.

First Financial was taken over by Federal regulators in April, 1982, at which
time its liabilities exceeded its assets by $ 109 million, according to Asst.
U.S. Attorney John Newman, who said the three's alleged scheme "contributed" to
the thrift's collapse.

It was subsequently merged into First Federal Savings and Loan of Chicago, now
Citicorp Savings of Illinois.

Powers, of Naples, Fla., was convicted of defrauding First Financial of $ 1.6
million and Ceaser, of Chicago, was convicted of defrauding the institution of $
1 million.

The thrift's records were falsified and the money was transferred to Reliance
and then to secret bank accounts in California, according to government charges.

According to attorneys for the three, Powers was "not the prime mover" in the
scheme, Cahill "got caught up in the whole picture and lost track of the
details" and Ceaser acted "to keep the institution alive, not to loot and rob."

According to their indictments, Powers and Ceaser conspired with Cahill to
transfer $ 2.6 million in First Financial funds to Reliance Mortgage and then
transferred much of that money to accounts they maintained at the Bank of Marina
del Rey in California.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1989 National Thrift News, Inc.


                             569 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 24, 2017 Tuesday

Washington: New York Woman Sentenced to Prison for Operating Unemployment
Benefits Fraud Scheme

LENGTH: 436  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Department of Justice has issued the following news release:





    Deirdre M. Daly, United States Attorney for the District of Connecticut,
announced that THERESA A. FREEMAN, 65, last residing in Yonkers, N.Y., was
sentenced today by U.S. District Judge Janet Bond Arterton in New Haven to 18
months of imprisonment, followed by three years of supervised release, for
defrauding unemployment insurance programs in a "fictitious employer scheme."

    According to court documents and statements made in court, FREEMAN filed
incorporation paperwork with the State of Connecticut for "Tribal Organic
Products," which she claimed was an internet business that she operated from an
address in Trumbull, Connecticut. The business was, in fact, a fictitious
company that did not engage in any business activity. In December 2012,
FREEMAN's son, Sean E. Montiero, filed a claim with the Connecticut Department
of Labor for unemployment insurance benefits, claiming that he was laid off from
Tribal Organic Products. Between January 2013 and July 2013, Montiero received
approximately $13,474 in unemployment insurance benefits from the State of
Connecticut.



    The investigation revealed that FREEMAN also operated similar fictitious
employer schemes that defrauded both the Pennsylvania Department of Labor and
Industries and the North Carolina Department of Commerce, Division of Employment
Security of $16,253 and $14,136, respectively.

    Judge Arterton ordered FREEMAN to pay restitution in the amount of $43,863.

    FREEMAN has been detained since her arrest on May 5, 2016. On September 20,
2016, she pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy to commit wire fraud.

    FREEMAN has a prior federal conviction in the District of South Carolina for
mail fraud stemming from similar conduct. In that case, she was found to have
committed the same unemployment benefits fraud offense in South Carolina,
Connecticut, Hawaii, Florida and New York, and was sentenced to 15 months of
imprisonment.

    Montiero has pleaded guilty and awaits sentencing.

    This investigation was conducted by the U.S. Department of Labor - Office of
Inspector General; Connecticut Department of Labor; Office of the Chief State's
Attorney; Pennsylvania Department of Labor and Industries; North Carolina
Department of Commerce, Division of Employment Security; and the Yonkers Police
Department.

    This case is being prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorney Deborah R. Slater.








 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             570 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 24, 2017 Tuesday

Washington: New York Woman Sentenced to Prison for Operating Unemployment
Benefits Fraud Scheme

LENGTH: 436  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Department of Justice has issued the following news release:





    Deirdre M. Daly, United States Attorney for the District of Connecticut,
announced that THERESA A. FREEMAN, 65, last residing in Yonkers, N.Y., was
sentenced today by U.S. District Judge Janet Bond Arterton in New Haven to 18
months of imprisonment, followed by three years of supervised release, for
defrauding unemployment insurance programs in a "fictitious employer scheme."

    According to court documents and statements made in court, FREEMAN filed
incorporation paperwork with the State of Connecticut for "Tribal Organic
Products," which she claimed was an internet business that she operated from an
address in Trumbull, Connecticut. The business was, in fact, a fictitious
company that did not engage in any business activity. In December 2012,
FREEMAN's son, Sean E. Montiero, filed a claim with the Connecticut Department
of Labor for unemployment insurance benefits, claiming that he was laid off from
Tribal Organic Products. Between January 2013 and July 2013, Montiero received
approximately $13,474 in unemployment insurance benefits from the State of
Connecticut.



    The investigation revealed that FREEMAN also operated similar fictitious
employer schemes that defrauded both the Pennsylvania Department of Labor and
Industries and the North Carolina Department of Commerce, Division of Employment
Security of $16,253 and $14,136, respectively.

    Judge Arterton ordered FREEMAN to pay restitution in the amount of $43,863.

    FREEMAN has been detained since her arrest on May 5, 2016. On September 20,
2016, she pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy to commit wire fraud.

    FREEMAN has a prior federal conviction in the District of South Carolina for
mail fraud stemming from similar conduct. In that case, she was found to have
committed the same unemployment benefits fraud offense in South Carolina,
Connecticut, Hawaii, Florida and New York, and was sentenced to 15 months of
imprisonment.

    Montiero has pleaded guilty and awaits sentencing.

    This investigation was conducted by the U.S. Department of Labor - Office of
Inspector General; Connecticut Department of Labor; Office of the Chief State's
Attorney; Pennsylvania Department of Labor and Industries; North Carolina
Department of Commerce, Division of Employment Security; and the Yonkers Police
Department.

    This case is being prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorney Deborah R. Slater.








 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             571 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 12, 2014 Saturday

Washington: Jackson Businessman Indicted for Bankruptcy Fraud

LENGTH: 469  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

William D. "Butch" Dickson, 58, of Jackson, was indicted by a federal grand jury
on April 8, 2014, on six counts of bankruptcy fraud, six counts of bank fraud,
and five counts of wire fraud, announced U.S. Attorney Gregory K. Davis and FBI
Special Agent in Charge Daniel McMullen.

According to the indictment, Dickson's company, Community Home Financial
Services (CHFS), is in Chapter 11 Bankruptcy in the Southern District of
Mississippi Bankruptcy Court. Dickson is alleged to have illegally transferred
$9,095,000 out of various bankruptcy escrow accounts to an account he controlled
at Banco Panemeno in Panama City, Panama. The indictment alleges that Dickson
relocated his businesses to Panama and Costa Rica and began instructing CHFS
customers to submit their monthly mortgage payments to addresses in Las Vegas,
Nevada, and Miami, Florida, for the purpose of having those payments re-shipped
to Costa Rica, in order to prevent the Bankruptcy Court from acquiring CHFS
income.

As part of the bankruptcy proceeding, the indictment alleges that all of CHFS
assets, both the $9,095,000 transferred to Panama and the incoming mortgage
payments from CHFS customers, were under the control of the Bankruptcy Court and
were to be retained for the benefit of CHFS creditors. Dickson was detained in
Panama by Panamanian Immigration officers and was expelled to the United States
on March 12, 2014. Dickson was arrested on a criminal complaint and appeared
before a U.S. Magistrate Judge in Miami, Florida, on March 19, 2014, where he
was ordered to be detained by the U.S. Marshals without bond and returned to the
Southern District of Mississippi. His next court date in Jackson, Mississippi,
has not been set.

If convicted, Dickson faces maximum penalties of five years in prison on each
count of bankruptcy fraud, 30 years on each count of bank fraud, and 20 years on
each count of wire fraud. He also faces maximum fines of $250,000 on each count.

FBI Special Agent in Charge Daniel McMullen stated, "Bankruptcy protection is a
privilege afforded to individuals who have suffered financial setbacks,
appropriately allowing them to get a fresh start. It is not a means for debtors
to fraudulently conceal their assets from legitimate creditors. When this
privilege is abused, it threatens the integrity of the bankruptcy process. The
FBI is committed to combating bankruptcy fraud and abuse, thereby ensuring the
public's continued trust in the bankruptcy process."

The public is reminded that an indictment is a formal charge that a defendant
has committed a violation of the federal criminal laws. All defendants are
presumed innocent unless and until proven guilty.

For more information please visit: http://www.fbi.gov

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             572 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                       August 19, 2005 Friday MO1 EDITION

Welfare report disputed;
OFFICIALS DEFEND POLICING OF FRAUD

BYLINE: By John Woolfolk; Mercury News

SECTION: A; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 538 words


Santa Clara County officials Thursday disputed a grand jury report earlier this
year that concluded social workers are lax about weeding out fraud.

The point-by-point response from the county director of social services will be
considered by the board of supervisors Tuesday. Supervisors also will review a
response from the county office of communications and information technology to
a grand jury report that said county officials erred in developing an in-house
emergency dispatch system.

Civil grand jury reports require a formal response from the governing board to
the Superior Court. The board may adopt the directors' responses, modify them or
send its own.

The grand jury in a June 9 report entitled ''Weeding Out Ineligible Welfare
Recipients'' said that the county Social Services Agency ''is not aggressive in
pursuing fraud'' and ranks among the lowest in referrals for investigation and
among the highest in overpayments.

While the district attorney investigates welfare fraud, referrals and funding
for investigation are handled by the Social Services Agency. The grand jury said
social workers lack incentives to deny benefits and are less aggressive than
statewide counterparts in pursuing fraud.

The report recommended that the district attorney be given more authority to
investigate welfare fraud, including unannounced spot visits to recipients'
homes to ensure eligibility.

The Social Services Agency said in its formal response that it disputed the
grand jury's methods of calculating the relative effectiveness of counties in
fighting fraud. The agency said that instead of measuring fraud referrals as a
percentage of caseload, the grand jury should have looked at referrals as a
percentage of applications.

The agency maintains that it weeds out many ineligible applicants during the
application process, so the percentage of fraudulent benefit recipients is
lower. Santa Clara County refers 9 percent of its 56,000 applicants for CalWORKS
and food stamps for fraud investigation, a percentage similar to San Bernardino,
San Joaquin, Sacramento, Los Angeles and Alameda counties, the agency said.

The agency said that despite having to cut $10 million from its budget this
year, funding for the district attorney's fraud investigations was maintained.
The agency also disputed the idea of random home inspections, arguing it was a
chilling and needless invasion of privacy without some evidence of wrongdoing.

The grand jury's June 7 report, ''Calling 9-1-1: Managing Information
Technologies in the Santa Clara County Emergency Dispatch Center,'' concluded
that the county had used outdated systems for the critical service until last
year, which could have resulted in a failure.

The grand jury also criticized the decision to develop a replacement in-house
rather than purchasing an ''off-the-shelf'' system from a vendor that might have
cost less and performed better.

Chief Information Officer Satish Ajmani said in response that while Y2K computer
bug planning added a year of delay to the upgrade, there were no failures, and
there was always backup systems in place to ensure critical services would be
maintained.

Contact John Woolfolk at jwoolfolk@mercurynews.com

LOAD-DATE: August 19, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                     Copyright 2005 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             573 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                   October 8, 1999, Friday, FIVE STAR EDITION

NATION

BYLINE: From News Services

SECTION: NEWS, Pg. A11

LENGTH: 788 words



Financier is charged with fraud, money laundering

Rogue financier Martin Frankel was charged with fraud and money-laundering in a
36-count federal indictment, the U.S. attorney's office in Stamford, Conn.,
announced Thursday. Frankel, 44, under arrest in Germany, is accused of
absconding with more than $ 200 million in insurance company assets he was
supposed to be investing. The indictment - the first federal charges against
Frankel - includes 20 counts of wire fraud, 13 counts of money laundering and
one count each of securities fraud, racketeering and conspiracy. The indictment
accuses Frankel of running a "racketeering enterprise" that bought up insurance
companies. Frankel then siphoned the insurers' cash reserves and used them to
purchase mansions, cars, diamonds and gold, prosecutors say.

Navigation satellite is launched after many delays

The Air Force on Thursday launched a $ 42 million navigation satellite aboard a
Delta rocket. The rocket lifted off from Cape Canaveral, Fla., at 8:51 a.m.
carrying a Global Positioning System satellite. The successful launch brought
the number of operational GPS satellites in orbit to 28. This was the Air
Force's first launch from Cape Canaveral since a Titan rocket dumped a military
communication satellite into the wrong orbit back in April.

Incumbent mayor leads 14 challengers in election

Memphis' first black mayor, Willie Herenton, led among early voters Thursday in
a bitter race against 14 challengers including Joe Ford, a member of Memphis'
most politically powerful black family. Herenton, 59, charged that the family of
former Rep. Harold Ford was attempting a power grab by running Joe Ford, a
brother of the former congressman and an uncle of current Rep. Harold Ford Jr.,
D-Tenn. Fords serve on the City Council, County Commission and in the state
Senate. The term lasts for four years, and there is no runoff. The election is
non-partisan.

Ex-aide to Gingrich must testify in his divorce case

A judge ruled Thursday that a congressional aide linked romantically with former
House Speaker Newt Gingrich must testify in his divorce case. The woman,
Callista Bisek, had tried to block the subpoena that called for her to be
questioned by lawyers for Gingrich's wife, Marianne. District of Columbia
Superior Court Judge Brook Hedge found her arguments "without merit."Gingrich,
56, separated from his wife of 18 years in May and filed for divorce in July.

French families of crash victims can sue TWA in U.S.

A judge in New York ruled Thursday that lawsuits filed against Trans World
Airlines and Boeing by the families of 45 French passengers killed in the 1996
crash of TWA Flight 800 will remain in the United States. U.S. District Judge
Robert Sweet denied a motion by TWA and Boeing to dismiss the cases so that they
could be tried in France. Lawyers for the plaintiffs said the ruling was a
victory for the families because damage awards are much higher in the United
States. "Recovery in France is only a fraction of what they can get here," said
Lee Kreindler, the lead plaintiff lawyer in the litigation. The 45 suits by
French plaintiffs are among 216 crash-related cases that have been consolidated
in Manhattan federal court.

New inspection system reduces salmonella cases

The government's new inspection system for food has reduced the occurrence of
salmonella in raw meat and poultry by as much as 50 percent in small processing
plants. That is similar to the reduction that the Agriculture Department
reported earlier in large plants. "Our ability to greatly reduce the prevalence
of salmonella in meat and poultry is a significant achievement in our ongoing
efforts to ensure the safety of the American food supply," Agriculture Secretary
Dan Glickman said Thursday. Salmonella was found in 7.5 percent of the ground
beef tested before the new system was in place, but was found in only 3.3
percent six months afterward. The occurrence of salmonella in chicken was
reduced from 20 per cent to 13.9 percent six months later. The government
estimates that there are 1.4 million cases of salmonella every year and as many
as 600 deaths.

Space shuttle mission to Hubble is set for December

NASA has bumped space shuttle Discovery's flight to the Hubble Space Telescope
to December so that workers can complete wiring and valve repairs. Shuttle
managers said Thursday they're targeting a Dec. 2 launch date for Discovery.
Missions were delayed following Columbia's marred launch in July. A short
circuit five seconds into the flight knocked out computers for two of the three
main engines; defective wiring was to blame. Wiring defects subsequently were
found in the other shuttles.

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 1999

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: PHOTO Photo by THE ASSOCIATED PRESS - "Da Vinci's Horse" is unveiled in
Michigan
 "Leonardo da Vinci's Horse," a 24-foot-tall bronze sculpture, is unveiled at
the Frederik Meijer Gardens in Grand Rapids, Mich., on Thursday. The statue is
one of two in the world; the other one is in Italy.

TYPE: Nation Briefs Column

                  Copyright 1999 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             574 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                              April 8, 2016 Friday

Racketeering Conspiracy Charged In Payday Lending Case

LENGTH: 613  words


PHILADELPHIA  Charles M. Hallinan, 75, of Villanova, PA, and Wheeler K. Neff,
67, of Wilmington, DE, were charged by indictment, unsealed today, with two
counts of conspiracy to violate the Racketeering Influenced and Corrupt
Organizations Act (RICO) relating to payday lending businesses, announced United
States Attorney Zane David Memeger. A third defendant, Randall Ginger, 66, a
Canadian citizen, was charged with Hallinan and Neff in one count of conspiracy
to commit mail fraud, wire fraud, and money laundering, as well as two counts of
mail fraud and three counts of wire fraud.  Hallinan and Ginger were also
charged with nine counts of international money laundering.

According to the indictment, Hallinan and Neff participated in a conspiracy that
violated the usury laws of Pennsylvania and other states and generated more than
$688 million in revenues, between 2008 and 2013, from hundreds of thousands of
customers, including residents of Pennsylvania which prohibits such loans. It is
further alleged that Hallinan, Neff, and Ginger conspired to defraud nearly
1,400 people, who had sued one of Hallinans payday loan companies, into
abandoning a lawsuit valued as high as $10 million.

Hallinan owned, operated, financed, and/or worked for more than a dozen
businesses between 1997 and 2013 that issued and collected debt from small,
short-term loans that were commonly known as payday loans because the customers
were supposed to pay them back with their next paychecks.  Hallinans companies
allegedly charged customers about $30 for every $100 they borrowed, which meant
that the annual interest rates on the loans often exceeded 700 percent.
Pennsylvania and more than a dozen other states have passed laws criminalizing
such loans as usurious. The indictment alleges that Hallinan and Neff conspired
to evade such laws by, among other things, paying thousands of dollars each
month to three Indian tribes to pretend that they were the actual payday lenders
and claim that tribal sovereign immunity shielded their conduct from state laws
and regulations.

Hallinan and Neff are also charged with helping another payday lender, Adrian
Rubin, charged elsewhere, evade state anti-usury laws by entering into sham
contracts with an Indian tribe that were designed to give the false impression
that the tribe was the true lender.

Ginger, it is alleged, claimed to be a hereditary chief of one of the tribes
that Hallinan and Neff used to try to hide Hallinans payday lending activity
from state law enforcement officers and regulators.  In 2010, a class action
lawsuit was filed in Indiana against Apex 1 Processing, a payday lending company
that Hallinan ran out of offices in Bala Cynwyd, Pennsylvania.  According to the
indictment, Hallinan offered to pay Ginger $10,000 every month to pretend that
he owned Apex 1 and that Apex 1 had no assets, so the plaintiffs would settle
their lawsuit for pennies on the dollar.  Neff allegedly facilitated that
scheme.

If convicted of all charges, Hallinan faces a possible advisory sentencing
guideline range of at least 12 years in prison, three years of supervised
release, a possible fine, and a $1,700 special assessment. Neff and Ginger both
face sentencing guideline ranges of at least eight years in prison. Restitution
may also be ordered.

The case was investigated by the Federal Bureau of Investigation, the United
States Postal Inspection Service, and Internal Revenue Service Criminal
Investigations. It is being prosecuted by Assistant United States Attorneys Mark
B. Dubnoff and Joel M. Sweet.

An Indictment is an accusation. A defendant is presumed innocent unless and
until proven guilty. 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: April 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             575 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       TELEGRAM & GAZETTE (Massachusetts)

                             July 19, 2011 Tuesday

FROM THE REGION

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; FROM THE REGION; Pg. B2

LENGTH: 2174 words


Region

Whitinsville, Hopedale backed for national park

A National Park Service Special Resources Study is recommending that the
Whitinsville Historic District and the Hopedale Village Historic District be
included in a Blackstone River Valley Industrial Heritage National Park that
would also include locations in Rhode Island.

Officials in the area have said in recent weeks the report that was released to
the public Monday would recommend the formation of the noncontiguous national
park.

The report said the Whitinsville and Hopedale districts as well as those in
Rhode Island meet the NPS criteria for national significance.

The report said the region remains the best place in the country to interpret
the origin and rise of the industrial revolution.

"As the nation's first heavily industrialized region, the valley became the
prototype for a sweeping social transformation that included a fundamental shift
in the nature of work," the report said.

People will get a chance to comment on the report in an Aug. 16 hearing in
Northbridge.

The formation of the national park would require an act of Congress, according
to the report.

Worcester

Couple faces sentencing for mortgage fraud

A Worcester man and his wife face sentencing in September before a federal judge
in Boston.

Robert O. Palmer, 52, of Worcester, was convicted last week by a jury in U.S.
District Court. He was found guilty of wire fraud arising from a mortgage fraud
scheme involving a property in Paxton.

His wife, Clara P. Andrade-Palmer, 43, also of Worcester, pleaded guilty July 6
to the same charge. She also pleaded guilty to student financial aid fraud,
passport fraud, and two counts of Social Security fraud.

The couple devised a scheme in 2006 to defraud Accredited Home Lenders, a
mortgage lending business, to get a loan to refinance their primary residence at
39 Asnebumskit Road, Paxton. The pair made false representations in the mortgage
application regarding Ms. Andrade-Palmer's name, Social Security number, and
credit history to conceal her criminal history and her obligation to make
restitution, according to Assistant U.S. Attorneys Cynthia W. Lie and Maxim
Grinberg.

Accredited Home Lenders approved the mortgage and gave about $333,000 via
interstate wire. Judge Rya W. Zobel scheduled sentencing for both defendants
Sept. 28.

In 2001 Ms. Andrade-Palmer was sentenced to 15 months in prison after pleading
guilty in U.S. District Court to five counts of uttering forged checks. She was
ordered to pay about $369,000 by Judge Nathaniel M. Gorton, who said he
regretted that he could not deport Ms. Andrade-Palmer to her native Ecuador.

She had become a naturalized U.S. citizen three weeks before she was charged
with taking blank checks from her employer, Olympus Healthcare Group in
Westboro, before taking maternity leave from the company, where she served as a
payroll clerk.

Worcester

Police seek pair who stabbed man

WORCESTER - Police were searching yesterday for two men who stabbed a
28-year-old man on Chandler Street Sunday afternoon.

The victim was stabbed once in the lower back and twice in the left leg; police
said the injuries are not life-threatening.

Police were called to St. Vincent Hospital for a report of a man who walked into
the emergency room with a stab wound, police said in a news release.

The victim told police he was walking on Chandler Street sometime before 3:30
p.m. when he got into an argument with two men. During the argument the men
allegedly stabbed the man. Police said the victim gave them conflicting
statements about the incident.

They searched the Chandler Street area, but did not find any suspects.

Another witness came forward and gave limited descriptions of the suspects.

Detectives interviewed both the victim and his girlfriend.

Anyone with information can send an anonymous text to 274637 TIPWPD + your
message or send an anonymous Web message to worcesterma.gov/police. Calls can
also be made to the Detective Bureau at (508) 799-8651.

Northbridge

Fire in family's bedroom sends 2 to hospital

NORTHBRIDGE - A fire that started in a second-floor bedroom of a four-family
building at 18 A St. about 8:30 last night appears to be electrical in origin,
according to fire officials Monday. The fire remains under investigation.

One firefighter was taken to an area hospital Sunday night for evaluation,
according to a department spokesman. A tenant next door was also taken to the
hospital for evaluation. There is no further information on their conditions.
Firefighters battled the fire in extreme heat conditions Sunday night. All
occupants of the building got out safely.

Firefighters had the fire under control very quickly, and cleared from the scene
in about two hours. Damages to the building were estimated at approximately
$20,000.

Westboro

12 fire departments fight 20-acre brush fire

WESTBORO - A dozen fire departments battled a 20-acre brush fire Sunday
afternoon and evening in Cedar Swamp, between Bay State Commons and the CSX
railroad.

The fire was reported at 3:40 p.m., and crews had the fire under control six
hours later. Crews returned to check on hot spots yesterday.

Fire Capt. Calvin Lawrence said it was difficult to gain access to the area of
the fire, and the cause of the fire is undetermined.

The Westboro

Fire Department was assisted by fire departments from Northboro, Southboro,
Grafton, Hudson, Upton, Ashland, Berlin, Hopkinton, Shrewsbury, Millbury,
Boylston and the state Department of Conservation and Recreation.

Auburn

Police nab suspects in robbery of CVS

AUBURN - Three out-of-towners

are charged with robbing a CVS yesterday morning.

Two Fall River men and one Swansea man were arrested at gunpoint by Officer
Jonathan O'Brien and other police officers about 6:30 yesterday morning, a short
time after they allegedly made away with more than 1,000 prescription oxycodone
and OxyContin pills from the CVS pharmacy at 676 Southbridge St., according to
Police Chief Andrew J. Sluckis. The CVS is open 24 hours a day.

Officer O'Brien was parked nearby when he saw two men run out of the

pharmacy and get on bikes. He followed the pair in his cruiser, and saw them cut
across Faith Avenue and head toward a car waiting near Langway Ford on Route 20.

Meanwhile, Sgt. Todd Lemon, who was also on duty at the time, noticed an empty
car parked near the dealership. A

while later, he saw a man in the parked car. Sgt. Lemon asked the man in the car
where he was from, and was told Fall River, Chief Sluckis said.

Other officers began to converge on the area to assist Officer O'Brien and Sgt.
Lemon. Police apprehended the man waiting in the car and the two men on bikes as
they headed toward the car. All three were to be arraigned in Worcester Central
District Court yesterday afternoon.

Nicholas P. Cohen, 33, of 193 Palmer St., Fall River, and Matthew J. Howorth,
34, of 130 Barneyville Road, Swansea, allegedly confronted the pharmacist and
told him "that no one would get hurt" if he gave them all the prescription drugs
they were looking for, according to Chief Sluckis.

Michael Candido, 35, of 106 Augustus St., Fall River, was in the alleged getaway
car. All three were charged with unarmed robbery, trafficking in prescription
drugs, possession of prescription drugs with the intent to distribute,
possession of a class B substance, conspiracy, larceny of prescription drugs and
threatening to commit a crime (bodily injury). Mr. Candido was also charged with
using a motor vehicle while committing a felony.

Mr. Cohen and Mr. Howorth were each held on $25,000 cash bail set at their
arraignment yesterday. Mr. Candido's bail was set at $500 cash.

Worcester

Road rage angle probed in collision on I-190

WORCESTER - State police continue to investigate a two-car accident on
Interstate 190 Sunday night that may have been caused by road rage. Both drivers
were from Leominster and speed may have been a factor, according to state
police.

The accident, which occurred just before 10 Sunday night, forced the closing of
I-190 near Ararat Street. Traffic was detoured onto West Mountain Street.

The accident involved a 1998 Acura Integra and a 1996 Honda Accord, according to
police. Police have not released identities.

The driver of the Acura was an 18-year-old and his passengers were a 40-year-old
man, a 16-year-old, a 17-year-old, and two 18-year-olds. The man

suffered serious injuries and was taken to UMass Memorial Medical Center -
University Campus. The Honda was driven by another 18-year-old, and that driver
had one 19-year-old and one 20-year-old in his vehicle.

State police have not yet released the names of the drivers, but said charges
are pending against the driver of the Honda Accord.

Worcester EMS and Fire responded to the accident.

Shrewsbury

Public health officials inspect St. John's pool

SHREWSBURY - State public health officials inspected the outdoor swimming pool
at St. John's High School yesterday after a near-drowning at a summer camp

Thursday.

A 7-year-old boy who was found in the outdoor swimming pool remained in critical
condition. Timothy J. Connolly, spokesman for the Worcester district attorney's
office, said yesterday there had been no change in the child's condition.

Sunila Rao of Mumbai, India, said Friday her great-nephew, Aaditya Basrur, was
at St. John's day camp - for ages 5-12 - to learn to swim. About 40 children
were in the pool at the time of the accident, shortly after 2 p.m.

The state Department of Public Health ordered the pool closed last week, pending
the inspection. An official from the DPH said yesterday the results of the
inspection will not be released for a few days.

Region

Tornado aid registration has deadline of Aug. 15

Residents affected by the June 1 tornadoes in Hampden and Worcester counties who
still have not registered with the Federal Emergency Management Agency and the
U.S. Small Business Administration have until Aug. 15 to do so.

Those who need to register with FEMA can call (800) 621-3362 or can visit the
remaining Disaster Recovery Centers in Monson, Springfield and West Springfield
where they will be assisted in registering.

Centers in Brimfield and Sturbridge have closed.

The disaster recovery center in Southbridge has transitioned and is now a SBA
Disaster Loan Outreach Center that will close July 28. That facility is open
weekdays from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. at the Jacob Edwards Library, 236 Main St.,
Southbridge.

Other recovery centers are open Monday through Friday, 10 a.m. to 6 p.m., and
Saturday 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. at: Massachusetts Technology Park, One Federal St.,
Building No. 104, Springfield; J. Edward Christian Municipal Office Building, 26
Central St., 3rd Floor, West Springfield; Granite Valley Middle School, 21
Thompson St., Monson.

Worcester

Cooling center opens at YMCA Central Branch

WORCESTER - With this month's hot weather expected to continue, the city is
opening a cooling center today through Friday.

The city's primary cooling center will be open from 11 a.m. to 7 p.m. at the
YMCA Central Community Branch at 766 Main St. Transportation will be provided by
the Worcester Regional Transit Authority. Residents can call (508) 752-9283 for
complimentary transportation direct to the center.

According to the city, the cooling center will be run by city staff and
volunteers coordinated by the Department of Public Health.

Additional cooling options for residents will be available at the following
times and locations:

From 9 a.m. to 3 p.m. today through Friday at the Worcester Senior Center, 128
Providence St.; 9 a.m. to 9 p.m. today and tomorrow, and 9 a.m. to 5:30 p.m.
Thursday and Friday, Worcester Public Library, 3 Salem Square; 9 a.m. to 5:30
p.m. today, 1 p.m. to 5:30 p.m. tomorrow, 9 a.m. to 9 p.m. Thursday, and 1 to 9
p.m. Friday at the Worcester Public Library, Frances Perkins Branch, 470 West
Boylston St.; and from 2 to 5 p.m. today through Friday at the Worcester Public
Library, Great Brook Valley Branch, 89 Tacoma St.

Residents with questions can call the city's customer service center at (508)
929-1300.

Worcester

Georgia drug dealer gets 13 years in prison

WORCESTER - A Georgia drug dealer who was ripped off by a Worcester drug courier
was sentenced yesterday to 13 years in federal prison.

Feliciano Hernandez Moreno, 30, of Buford, Ga., was sentenced by U.S. District
Judge F. Dennis Saylor IV. The sentence was imposed after a plea of guilty on
March 17 to conspiracy to distribute eight pounds of pure methamphetamine.

The conspiracy unraveled after Mr. Hernandez Moreno hired Kenneth Sparks to
deliver a truck with methamphetamine hidden in it from California to Georgia.
Instead, Mr. Sparks drove the truck to Massachusetts, where he intended to sell
the methamphetamine himself - until he too was ripped off.

Mr. Hernandez Moreno and a co-defendant, Jaime Alvarez Ramirez, went to
Massachusetts to find Mr. Sparks and the drugs, but by then Mr. Sparks had gone
to law enforcement officers and confessed to stealing the drugs, according to
Assistant U.S. Attorney David Hennessy.

The case was investigated by the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration with the
help of Worcester police.

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2011 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             576 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                            February 7, 1993, Sunday

Premium placed on fraud suspect Arrested in Roswell: Officials placed a premium
on bringing in Alan Teale; it paid off in January.

BYLINE: By Peter MantiusSTAFF WRITERinsurance; personalities; fraud;
investigations

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Section E; Page 1

LENGTH: 977 words


Atlanta insurance promoter Alan Teale billed himself as lecturer, author,
broadcaster, adviser to governments and international pro soccer referee.

But federal and state investigators see him as the elusive kingpin of a
sprawling $ 50 million international insurance scam stretching from Georgia and
California to Belgium.

Prosecutors charge that Mr. Teale was able to frustrate suspicious state
regulators for more than four years by opening and closing dozens of companies.

Several states, including Georgia, blacklisted him in the late 1980s.

But they felt powerless to prosecute him because their legal jurisdictions were
too narrow and their investigative teams too thin to undertake a massive paper
chase against a man with more than 100 domestic and international bank accounts.

One Georgia investigator warned officials nationwide that any insurer using a
certain Atlanta ZIP Code or fax number was probably part of the scam.

Even so, Mr. Teale's list of alleged victims - now estimated at 5,500 - grew
sharply after three companies failed in Pennsylvania and California in 1991.

That list includes NFL quarterbacks Jim Kelly and Joe Montana, the owners of
several Los Angeles stores destroyed in the riots last year, and thousands of
auto and health insurance policyholders. Not until Sen. Sam Nunn (D-Ga.) got
involved did investigators pool efforts. Mr. Nunn held a Senate hearing in 1991
and within months, several state insurance commissioners met in Atlanta to plan
ways to prosecute interstate insurance fraud.

Then the U.S. Attorney in Mobile, Ala., where one Teale-related firm operated,
began a criminal investigation of his network. Alabama federal prosecutors
obtained a 41-count indictment against Mr. Teale and his wife, Charlotte Rentz,
charging them with stripping premiums from 24 insurance and servicing firms.

He is held without bond. Ms. Rentz is free on $ 75,000 bond.

When the FBI surprised and arrested Mr. Teale at his Roswell residence in late
January, Georgia insurance Commissioner Tim Ryles uncorked champagne.

"He's probably the top suspect in insurance fraud in the country," Mr. Ryles
said. "I don't know of anyone of his immensity."

'He has been singled out'

Neither Mr. Teale nor Ms. Rentz could be reached, but Robert Fierer, Mr. Teale's
attorney, said federal prosecutors have blown the case out of proportion.

"There are a whole lot of cases out there that are more significant than this,"
he said. "He has been singled out by a number of people who might well be con
men themselves."

Mr. Fierer said that if he tries the case he will argue that the couple's firms
were "legitimate business entities that acted properly in paying claims until
the various insurance commissioners shut them down."

According to the indictment, the couple set up insurance companies and
reinsurers to underwrite risks, agencies to market policies and claims-handling
firms to process claims. Federal investigators say the purpose of the network
was to siphon off premiums, not to provide coverage or pay claims.

Mr. Teale moved from London to Miami in 1981 to open an insurance market modeled
after Lloyd's of London. He quit three years later, and that market closed amid
huge losses in 1987.

Mr. Teale moved to Atlanta and teamed with former Georgia Insurance Commissioner
Jimmy Bentley to seek a license for a new firm, Victoria Insurance Co.

Pro athletes bought policies

The two men hired hired Coy Johnson, Mr. Bentley's former chief deputy, to
expedite their 1987 application. It was approved by Insurance Commissioner
Warren Evans in only four weeks - compared to the normal three to six months.

Shortly after Victoria opened - with Mr. Teale and Ms. Rentz serving as officers
and Mr. Bentley as a director - most of the company's capital base was illegally
transferred to London.

Although technically insolvent, the company continued collecting premiums. When
it collapsed 18 months later, dozens of pro athletes were left with worthless
disability policies. Some $ 12 million in claims went unpaid.

Georgia banned the couple from owning insurance companies or selling policies
here. But they continued to do business from here in other states.

Although state laws require that insurers have sufficient capital to cover
liabilities, the financial base under the Teale companies consisted of such
assets as treasury notes of an alleged Indian tribe call the "Sovereign Cherokee
Nation Tejas."

World Life & Health Insurance Co. of Pennsylvania was closed in 1991 after it
failed to collect from offshore reinsurers allegedly arranged by World Re Inc.,
an Atlanta company allegedly controlled by Mr. Teale.

Couple refused to testify

Before California regulators stopped it, a Teale-related company generated $ 23
million in premiums in 1990 and 1991 in areas that were devastated by riots last
spring. Another generated $ 54 million over the same period.

In testimony before Mr. Nunn's committee, former Atlanta Falcons running back
Kenny Flowers said Victoria failed to pay a promised $ 230,000 benefit on his $
7,380 policy after he suffered a career-ending knee injury. Quarterback Jim
Kelly said he spent $ 69,354 on a disability policy issued before the company
even had a license.

Mr. Teale and Ms. Rentz refused to testify before the panel, citing Fifth
Amendment rights against self-incrimination.

In the months before their arrests, the couple seemed to be planning to flee the
country, FBI Agent Jack Brennan testified at their arraignment in Atlanta.

Ms. Rentz hired a paralegal to determine countries without extradition treaties
with the United States and countries that wouldn't bar dogs for health reasons,
he said.

She also hired an expert to program her computer to erase itself completely at
the push of a button, and the couple owned two paper shredders, Mr. Brennan
said.

LOAD-DATE: February 12, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH930430187

GRAPHIC: Color Photo: Alan Teale Insurance fraud suspect frustrated suspicious
state officials for more than four years. Chart: The Alan Teale paper chase 1987
- Victoria Insurance Co. of Atlanta is licensed. 1988 - Georgia declares
Victoria Insurance Co. insolvent and orders it liquidated. 1991 - Florida,
Pennsylvania and California file lawsuits and take actions against Teale-related
companies. 1991 - Sen. Sam Nunn (D-Ga.) holds hearings on insurance fraud. Mr.
Teale and his wife, Charlotte Rentz, refuse to testify. 1993 - Mr. Teale and Ms.
Rentz are indicted by a federal grand jury. Chart: The Alan Teale file Where he
operated Executive Park, Druid Hills. ZIP Code 30347. Where firms were based
Georgia, Florida, the Bahamas, the Turks and Caicos Islands, Belgium, Ireland.
What he is charged with Tricking consumers into believing they were buying
legitimate insurance. Switching company names to confuse state regulators.
Camouflaging his control of companies. Forming unregulated offshore insurers to
collect premiums, not pay claims. Pretending to have the financial backing of
Lloyd's of London. Who lost out 5,500 policyholders with more than $ 50 million
in claims.

                    Copyright 1993 The Atlanta Constitution


                             577 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   November 17, 1992, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Court says Sharpton can be tried for tax fraud

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 11A

LENGTH: 669 words


The court cleared the way Monday for New York state to try activist Rev. Al
Sharpton on tax fraud charges.
Justices rejected Sharpton's appeal that the charges violated the constitutional
protection against double jeopardy because they were related to a fraud case in
which he's been acquitted.

Sharpton remains under indictment in Albany, N.Y., on charges that he filed
false tax returns for 1986 and 1987.

He was acquitted after a three-month trial on fraud and larceny charges
involving the theft of about $ 250,000 from the National Youth movement, an
organization he founded 20 years ago.

''Given the conservative nature of the court, we expected that,'' Sharpton said.
But he said the decision, which kept intact a lower court decision to limit use
of evidence from the fraud case, ''leaves us in a good position.''

''The attorney general may not be able to go to trial because he's limited at
what he can bring. My judgment is we'll win the case if there is a case to be
won,'' he said.

State Attorney General Robert Abrams, who defeated Sharpton in a Democratic
primary for the U.S. Senate, argued that the two indictments alleged separate
offenses - even though some of the evidence presented in the New York City trial
would be used in the state case.

In other court action

MALPRACTICE AWARDS: The justices let stand Missouri's payment cap on damage
awards to victims of medical malpractice. They rejected a challenge on behalf of
Nichole Adams, 13, who was left blind and severely brain-damaged after a 1988
skin graft operation. The case is Adams vs. Children's Mercy Hospital.

HAZARDOUS ASH: The court set aside a ruling that had threatened to close
garbage-recycling plants run by municipalities. The justices told a federal
appeals court to restudy its ruling in Chicago vs. Environmental Defense Fund
that ash produced by the plants is hazardous waste in light of a recent EPA
determination that the ash is exempt from hazardous waste regulation.

SCIENTOLOGY RULING: The justices ruled to allow the Church of Scientology to
continue legal action to force the government to return documents and tape
recordings obtained during a tax fraud investigation. The justices ruled that
the case, Church of Scientology vs. U.S., was not moot.

KKK HANDOUTS: The court let stand a Kentucky law, contested by the grand dragon
of the Ku Klux Klan, that bans pedestrians from handing out literature to
passing motorists. Don Ater had argued in the case, Ater vs. Armstrong, that the
law violated his First Amendment rights to free speech.

VETERANS BENEFITS: The court refused to reinstate a California law that denied
some veterans benefits to men and women who did not live in the state when they
joined the military. In Wilson vs. Del Monte, the justices left intact a
California Supreme Court ruling that says the law unfairly discriminated against
some veterans and their families.

HOUSING SUBSIDIES: The court agreed to resolve a dispute over the federal
government's effort to hold down the subsidies it pays to private owners of
low-income housing. In Kemp vs. Apline Ridge Group, justices voted to review
whether a new method tying annual rent hikes to studies of local non- subsidized
rents violates the government's long-term contracts with the owners.

PUNISHMENT DECISION: The justices refused to let Arizona sentence John Bartlett
- convicted of having consensual sex with three underage girls - to 40 years in
prison without parole. They let stand a lower court decision in the case,
Arizona vs. Bartlett, that said the sentence was cruel and unusual punishment.

WITNESS TESTIMONY: The justices agreed to hear arguments in a Pennsylvania case,
Hatcher vs. Valcarcel, over whether the testimony of federal trial witnesses may
be challenged by telling the jury about their prior convictions for tax evasion.
Lawyers for an Indiana, Pa., doctor being sued for malpractice challenged an
expert witness for the victim, citing his prior conviction.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; b/w, AP

CUTLINE: SHARPTON

SUPREME COURT

                      Copyright 1992 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             578 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Post (Canada)

                    May 15, 2002 Wednesday National Edition

Major banks on victim list in huge scam: US$1B fraud: prosecutors: Four charged
in case of 'astonishing scope and magnitude'

SOURCE: Bloomberg News, with files from Reuters

BYLINE: David Glovin

SECTION: Financial Post: U.S. Business; Pg. FP14

LENGTH: 507 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK

NEW YORK - PNC Financial Services Group Inc. and FleetBoston Financial Corp.
were among international banks defrauded of as much as US$1-billion through fake
metals trading in one of the biggest bank scams ever, U.S. prosecutors said.

Prosecutors charged four men who they said ran a group of metal trading
companies used to steal money from major international banks starting in May,
2000, according to a complaint unsealed yesterday in federal court.

The companies falsely represented to the banks that they were arranging overseas
metal shipments and needed to provide interim financing to customers,
prosecutors said.

"This was a very, very sophisticated operation," said James Comey, United States
attorney for the Southern District of New York, at a press conference. "These
folks lined up people around the world, places that could only be reached by
rickshaw, to pose as metal traders.

The bank fraud is among the biggest in history.

In 1992, a federal judge ordered Bank of Credit & Commerce International to
surrender US$550-million of assets after pleading guilty to fraud charges.
Federal prosecutors in 1996 arrested two people on charges they defrauded Signet
Banking Corp. and other lenders that provided them a US$323.5-million loan on
the belief the money was intended for a top-secret international project of
Philip Morris Cos.

Named in the complaint are: Narendra Kumar Rastogi, Anil Anand, Manoj Nijhawan,
and Udha Shankar, three principals and the treasurer of a group of metal trading
companies in Piscataway, N.J., that ran Allied Deals Inc., Hampton Lane Inc.,
and SAI Commodity Inc., prosecutors said.

They were charged with conspiracy to commit bank fraud, mail fraud and wire
fraud.

"That conduct includes outright falsification of documents and a complex scheme
to cover up fraud of astonishing scope and magnitude," Mr. Comey said.

FleetBoston says it lost US $130-million in the fraud, and J.P. Morgan Chase &
Co. several million dollars, according to Mr. Comey. Other banks targeted
included: KBC Bank NV, Hypovereinsbank NA, Dresdner Bank Lateinamerika AG, China
Trust Bank, General Bank, prosecutors said in the complaint.

"It sounds as if none of the banks checked out the credibility of the people
they were doing business with or verified the transactions they were financing,"
said J.W. Shockey, who retired four years ago as head of the fraud division of
the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency.

PNC said that it would write off a US$50-million credit line that may be linked
to the fraud. The Pittsburgh-based bank has already taken a charge which was
disclosed in PNC's first-quarter earnings, according to Brian Goerke, a
spokesman for Pennsylvania's biggest bank.

The defendants were to go before Judge James C. Francis in Manhattan federal
court yesterday.

If convicted, the defendants each face a maximum sentence on the conspiracy
count of five years' imprisonment and the greater of a $250,000 fine or twice
the gross gain or loss.

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Business; Crime

               Copyright 2002 National Post, All Rights Reserved


                             579 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 22, 2014 Friday

New Jersey: Bergen County, N.J., Man And Disbarred New York Attorney Indicted
For Real Estate Investment Fraud Scheme

LENGTH: 447  words

DATELINE: Trenton


United States Attorney's Office for the District of New Jersey has issued the
following press release:

Two men were indicted by a federal grand jury today for allegedly using a real
estate investment scheme to defraud 15 victims of more than $3 million, U.S.
Attorney Paul J. Fishman announced.

Paul Mancuso, 46, of Glen Rock, New Jersey, is charged by indictment with one
count of conspiracy to commit wire fraud and five counts of wire fraud. Pasquale
Stiso, 52, of West Harrison, New York, is charged by indictment with one count
of conspiracy to commit wire fraud and one count of wire fraud.

According to documents filed in this case:

Since 2009, Mancuso posed as a real estate investor, broker and developer, as
well as a "hard money" lender for other investments. Stiso, a disbarred
attorney, held himself out as an individual working with Mancuso on various
investment projects.

Mancuso and Stiso fraudulently obtained financing for projects that did not
exist or in which they had no actual involvement. Some of the purported projects
touted by Mancuso, Stiso, and other conspirators included investments in a phony
ticket scam, the development of a pizzeria at a resort in the Bahamas, the
development of a casino in Atlantic City, the development of a commercial
shopping center, and the "flipping" of a piece of real estate in Matawan.

Victims lost all of their investments or life savings in Mancuso's schemes.
Instead of funding the purported projects, Mancuso and Stiso used the money for
personal expenses and financing their involvement in illegal gambling pursuits.

The charge of wire fraud conspiracy and each substantive count of wire fraud
carry a maximum potential penalty of 20 years in prison and a maximum fine of
$250,000 or twice the gross gain or loss associated with the offense, whichever
is greater. The indictment also includes a notice of forfeiture of $3,425,750,
representing the fraudulent payments Mancuso and Stiso received from the scheme.

U.S. Attorney Fishman credited criminal investigators of the U.S. Attorney's
Office; special agents of the FBI, under the direction of Special Agent in
Charge Aaron T. Ford; and special agents of IRS-Criminal Investigation, under
the direction of Acting Special Agent in Charge Jonathan D. Larsen, for the
investigation leading to today's indictment.

The government is represented by Assistant U.S. Attorneys Lisa M. Colone and
Francisco J. Navarro of the U.S. Attorney's Office Criminal Division in Newark.

The charges and allegations in the indictment are merely accusations and the
defendants are considered innocent unless and until proven guilty.

For more information please visit: http://www.justice.gov/usao/nj

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             580 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                           November 1, 2006 Wednesday
                                CENTRAL EDITION

BUSINESS BRIEFLY

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B7

LENGTH: 645 words


>Jury finds top exec guilty

NEW HAVEN, Conn. (AP) -- A federal jury found former Cendant Corp. Chairman
Walter Forbes guilty of conspiracy to commit securities fraud and two counts of
making false statements Tuesday in a massive fraud scheme that cost the travel
and real estate company and its investors more than $3 billion.

He was found not guilty of a fourth count, securities fraud.

The case was being tried after two previous juries deadlocked. Jurors reached
the verdict after nearly three days of deliberations.

The Cendant case was among the first in a series of corporate accounting
scandals that sparked outrage from investors in recent years.

The fraud caused the company's market value to drop $14 billion in one day in
1998.

-----

>Entercom to sell 3 stations

PHILADELPHIA (AP) -- The Justice Department said Tuesday it has suspended an
antitrust investigation into Entercom Communications Corp.'s purchase of several
New York radio stations because the company said it would sell three stations to
comply with media ownership rules.

The Justice Department had been looking into Entercom's $262 million purchase of
15 radio stations from CBS Corp. in Austin, Texas; Cincinnati; Memphis, Tenn.;
and Rochester, N.Y.

The investigation centered on Rochester, where Bala Cynwyd-based Entercom
already owns four radio stations, one AM and three FM. The acquisition would
hand over four more FM stations in the area.

With eight radio stations, Entercom would control more than 57 percent of the
radio advertising market, and the Justice Department was investigating whether
its dominant market share would lead to reduced competition and higher prices
for radio advertising.

Federal Communications Commission's rules on local ownership would prohibit
Entercom from owning more than five FM stations in an area, requiring it to sell
two.

Entercom said it's planning to sell three stations -- the CBS-owned WRMM-FM and
WZNE-FM and Entercom's WFKL-FM -- to comply with FCC rules.

-----

>Krispy Kreme reports loss

CHARLOTTE, N.C. (AP) -- After months of delay, Krispy Kreme Doughnuts Inc. on
Tuesday filed its overdue financial statements for the fiscal year that ended in
January, reporting that its annual net loss narrowed to $135.7 million while its
revenue fell to $543.4 million.

In fiscal 2005, the company reported a loss of $198.3 million on revenue of
$707.8 million.

The late annual report also said that during the fourth quarter, Krispy Kreme
lost $37.7 million, or 61 cents per share, compared with a loss of $36.1
million, or 58 cents per share, a year earlier. Revenue for the quarter fell 24
percent to $122.2 million.

The filing comes as Krispy Kreme also announced it reached a tentative $75
million settlement with plaintiffs in a pending securities class action lawsuit.

In April, Krispy Kreme filed a series of restated earnings reports from fiscal
2003 through fiscal 2005 that reduced the company's pretax income by a total of
$34 million.

Krispy Kreme has yet to file reports covering the first, second and third
quarter of fiscal 2006, the third quarter of fiscal 2005 and the first two
quarters of its fiscal 2007 year. The company said in the annual report filed
Tuesday with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission that is expects the
missing 2006 reports to be filed soon, and it would then turn its attention to
the 2007 quarterly reports.

-----

>Sony warns of scams

SAN JOSE, Calif. (AP) -- Sony Corp. issued a warning Tuesday against false
promotional offers for its upcoming PlayStation 3 video game console.

A number of Web sites have been promoting pre-orders on discounted or bulk
shipments of the game system -- without the cooperation of Sony.

The company suggested consumers can avoid potential scams by purchasing
PlayStation products only from authorized retailers and resellers, which include
stores such as GameStop, EB Games, Best Buy and Wal-Mart.

LOAD-DATE: November 1, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Briefs

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2006 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             581 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 March 13, 1997, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

Ex-President of Astra Unit Accused of Fraud

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section D; Page 21; Column 3; Business/Financial Desk

LENGTH: 232 words

DATELINE: BOSTON, March 12


The former president of Astra USA Inc., who was ousted after being accused of
sexual harassment, was indicted today on charges of stealing more than $1
million from the company.

The indictment, handed up by a Federal grand jury in Boston, also accuses the
former executive, Lars Bildman, of filing false state and Federal income tax
returns for 1993-1995 and destroying Astra records to cover his tracks. And the
indictment says he charged his personal vacations as business expenses,
including one in which he and others paid for prostitutes with company money.

A phone message left with Mr. Bildman's lawyers in Boston late today was not
returned.

Mr. Bildman was president and chief executive for 15 years of the United States
subsidiary of Astra A.B. of Sweden. He was dismissed last June after being
accused of sexual harassment and embezzlement.

The company has settled out of court with the 12 employees who filed the sexual
harassment charges.

The indictment accuses Mr. Bildman of conspiring with others to defraud Astra
out of $1 million, which he used to pay for home improvements. The other
individuals were not named by the United States Attorney's office.

If convicted, Mr. Bildman faces up to five years in prison and a $250,000 fine
on each count of conspiracy, mail fraud and wire fraud, and three years in
prison and a $250,000 fine on each tax fraud charge.

LOAD-DATE: March 13, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company


                             582 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             American Medical News

                                November 2, 2009

News in brief - Nov. 2, 2009

SECTION: GOVERNMENT; Pg. 100 Vol. 52 No. 45

LENGTH: 560 words



HIGHLIGHT: 'HHS launches new efforts against medical fraud, identity theft' and
other items

HHS launches new efforts against medical fraud, identity theft

The Dept. of Health and Human Services on Oct. 15 released a new tip sheet aimed
at helping Medicare beneficiaries deter and detect medical identity theft, as
well as health care fraud.

The move is part of a joint effort by HHS and the Dept. of Justice to root out
health care fraud. HHS Secretary Kathleen Sebelius said in a statement that
fighting health care fraud is one of President Obama's top priorities and that
preventing medical identity theft is an important part of that crackdown.

The tip sheet warns seniors to be wary of offers for free medical services or
supplies and to check their explanation of benefits statements and Medicare
summary notices regularly. More information is available online
(www.stopmedicarefraud.gov).

Back to top

Employer health coverage continues to drop

The percentage of nonelderly Americans with employer-sponsored health insurance
declined for the eighth straight year -- reaching 61.9% in 2008 compared with
62.9% in 2007, according to a new report.

Such coverage has decreased by 6.4 percentage points since 2000, or about 5
million people, according to the Economic Policy Institute, a think tank
focusing on issues affecting low- and middle-income workers. The calculations
are based on the March 2009 update of the U.S. Census Bureau's Current
Population Survey.

New Mexico has the lowest employer coverage rate at 57.5%, followed by Texas at
61.9% and Alaska at 63.6%. Massachusetts and Hawaii top the list at 80.7% and
80.6%, respectively. The largest declines in employer-sponsored coverage for the
nonelderly occurred in Michigan, Tennessee, Missouri, South Carolina and North
Carolina. Each state experienced decreases of at least eight percentage points
since 2000. No state had a statistically significant coverage increase since
2000.

The report can be accessed online (www.epi.org/publications/entry/bp247).

Back to top

Settlement reached in Part D lawsuit

The Center for Medicare Advocacy announced on Oct. 23 that a settlement had been
reached in Machado v. Sebelius, a lawsuit against two government agencies
charging that premium withholding delays had an adverse impact on Medicare drug
plan beneficiaries.

The Machado case was brought against the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid
Services and the Social Security Administration by beneficiaries who experienced
lengthy delays in having their Part D premiums withheld accurately, or in some
cases not withheld, from their Social Security benefits. At the time the case
was filed in 2007, a large number of people reported problems with erroneous
premium withholdings, especially after switching drug plans, according to the
Medicare advocacy center. Efforts made by CMS and SSA to improve withholding
mechanisms since the lawsuit filing resulted in significant reductions in delays
and errors.

Under the settlement, CMS customer service representatives are directed to
advise people to call them back, or to call their Part D plan, if a withholding
discrepancy is not addressed within 90 days. The representatives also are
directed to inform beneficiaries of the date when they requested a change in
withholding, if that date is in the CMS system. The agency has revised its
operating procedures to prioritize and track the resolution of Part D premium
withholding complaints through a special system.

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: briefs

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2009 American Medical Association
                              All Rights Reserved


                             583 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 8, 2016 Monday

Advanced Fraud Case Study: Part 1

LENGTH: 204  words

DATELINE: New York



 Concord: Society of certified public accountants, The Staate of New Hampshire
has issued the following news release:





    August 17, 2016

    11:30AM -- 3:00 PM

    Location Webinar







        Member Price $120.00

        Non-member Price $188.00






       Curriculum Accounting & Audit



       Field of Interest



       Level Advanced



     Designed For

      Accountants experienced in auditing and wish to explore advanced fraud
topics.






     4.00 credits
    Add to Cart View Cart


<h2>
 Objective</h2>


  Recognize how frauds are perpetrated, situations that are susceptible to fraud
and the economic impact of fraud.

  Determine procedures to reduce risk of fraud.

  Recognize what to do if you find a fraud.

  Identify fraud terminology.

<h2>
 Highlights</h2>


  Update your fraud terminology

  Arson and fraud

  Real-life case studies

<h2>
 Instructors</h2>

<h2>
 Prerequisites</h2>
 Experience in auditing as independent and/or internal auditor.
<h2>
 Developer</h2>
 California Society of CPAs




 In case of any query regarding his article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             584 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 8, 2016 Monday

Advanced Fraud Case Study: Part 1

LENGTH: 204  words

DATELINE: New York



 Concord: Society of certified public accountants, The Staate of New Hampshire
has issued the following news release:





    August 17, 2016

    11:30AM -- 3:00 PM

    Location Webinar







        Member Price $120.00

        Non-member Price $188.00






       Curriculum Accounting & Audit



       Field of Interest



       Level Advanced



     Designed For

      Accountants experienced in auditing and wish to explore advanced fraud
topics.






     4.00 credits
    Add to Cart View Cart


<h2>
 Objective</h2>


  Recognize how frauds are perpetrated, situations that are susceptible to fraud
and the economic impact of fraud.

  Determine procedures to reduce risk of fraud.

  Recognize what to do if you find a fraud.

  Identify fraud terminology.

<h2>
 Highlights</h2>


  Update your fraud terminology

  Arson and fraud

  Real-life case studies

<h2>
 Instructors</h2>

<h2>
 Prerequisites</h2>
 Experience in auditing as independent and/or internal auditor.
<h2>
 Developer</h2>
 California Society of CPAs




 In case of any query regarding his article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             585 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           September 20, 2005 Tuesday

HATCH AT-TAX THE FEDS

BYLINE: Post TV Staff

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 91

LENGTH: 266 words


RICHARD Hatch, the fat, naked guy who won the original season of "Survivor,"
pleaded innocent yesterday to tax evasion and other charges.

If convicted, he could face 75 years behind bars and millions of dollars in
fines.

"This is absurd," Hatch, 44, told reporters shortly before his federal court
appearance in a Providence, R.I., courtroom yesterday. "I'm not guilty."

Hatch has been charged with tax evasion, filing a false tax return, wire fraud,
bank fraud and mail fraud, and was released on $50,000 bond. A federal judge
yesterday restricted his travel to Rhode Island and Houston, where his lawyer's
office is located.

Hatch claims his latest legal woes are because the U.S. Attorney's Office has a
personal vendetta against him. He says it is because he walked away from an
earlier agreement he had made to plead guilty that would have landed him behind
bars for two years.

A grand jury indictment filed earlier this month said Hatch filed false 2000 and
2001 tax returns, omitting his income from the reality show, $327,000 he was
paid to co-host a radio show in Boston and $28,000 in rent on a property he owns
in Newport.

According to court papers, Hatch had two accountants prepare tax returns for
2000 that included his "Survivor" winnings, but he did not file them when he
learned he would owe hundreds of thousands of dollars in taxes, the indictment
said.

The grand jury also accused Hatch of misusing $36,500 from Horizon Bound, a
nonprofit camp he set up.

"I've never taken a penny from a charity, and they know it. I've always paid my
taxes, and they know it," he said.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Hatch

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2005 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             586 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily Deal/The Deal

                             May 11, 2006 Thursday

Cura waits on settlement approval

BYLINE: by Terry Brennan

SECTION: BANKRUPTCY

LENGTH: 642 words



HIGHLIGHT: The fraud-riddled personnel provider awaits court approval on a
settlement with Laurus Master Fund so it can sell its assets.


Cura Group Inc. is awaiting court approval this week on a settlement with Laurus
Master Fund Ltd. so the fraud-riddled personnel provider can sell its assets.

Miami-based Cura, which filed for Chapter 11 as Certified HR Services Inc.,
resolved the final three objections that should permit the sale to newly formed
O2HR LLC for $10.29 million in cash plus assumed debt, said its Chapter 11
trustee, James Feltman of Mesirow Financial Consulting LLC.

Feltman then submitted the settlement agreement with Laurus Master Fund Ltd., an
investment fund in New York and the Cayman Islands, on Tuesday, May 9, to Judge
Raymond Ray in U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of Florida in
Miami.

The special trustee is hoping for quick approval now that it's finally
uncontested.

Feltman said, "The sale is expected to go forward since all the objections have
been or will soon be resolved."

The Chapter 11 trustee, who was appointed by the court to assume management
control, agreed in the settlement to drop his Feb. 28 fraudulent conveyance
lawsuit against Laurus within the highly contentious petition, records show.
Feltman sought to recover alleged fraudulent transfers to Laurus on its $1.53
million secured claim, and the fund agreed to slash it to $400,000 under the
deal, documents show.

Feltman had earlier agreed to pull his suit against prospective buyer O2HR for
allegedly receiving at least $15 million in fraudulent post-bankruptcy transfers
from the estate as part of the deal.

Cura still faces a $40 million federal fraud suit filed by four insurer
creditors alleging that the personnel company fabricated letters of credit
printed on official bank stationery.

Creditors Continental Casualty Co., National Fire Insurance Co. of Hartford,
Conn., Reading, Pa.-based American Casualty Co., and Transcontinental Insurance
Co. of Chicago recalled their objection to the settlement when Cura agreed not
to challenge its $40 million claim.

The insurers sued Cura, Brentwood Capital Corp. of Fort Lauderdale, Fla.,
Miami-based Midwest Merger Management, and related individuals in 2003 in U.S.
District Court for the Southern District of Florida in Miami. The pending suit
alleges that the defendants conspired to defraud them of more than $40 million
by issuing the fraudulent LOCs.

Cura and the related defendants created the LOCs as collateral to generate
capital and to extend worker's compensation benefits to its clients, according
to the creditors' suit. The civil suit alleges federal wire fraud and mail fraud
as part of a pattern of unlawful racketeering.

William Leyton of Strategic Bank Corp. pleaded guilty for participating in the
LOC scheme and is serving 57 months on fraud charges in a federal prison in
Taft, Calif. Joseph Kaufman of Brentwood Capital and Charles Spinelli of New
York were indicted in March and face related fraud charges for allegedly
providing false financial information.

The Chapter 11 trustee, meanwhile, is far from finished with his lawsuits.

Feltman hopes to generate up to $20 million for the estate on an assortment of
professional malpractice complaints he's filed against thus-far unnamed
accounting and law firms. Other suits are tied to D&O, or directors and
insurance, claims and avoidance actions in Cura's dramatic collapse into
bankruptcy after it had been named Florida's 18th fastest-growing private
company.

Certified HR Services filed for Chapter 11 on May 12, 2005, and Feltman was
named as special trustee two weeks later to oversee management in response to
creditors' requests. Feltman hopes to file a liquidation plan by the end of the
year.

No creditors committee was formed.

Cura provided outsourcing services for such things as payroll, taxes, employment
and personal matters.

John Genovese, Paul Battista, David Cimo and Brett Amron are Feltman's Miami
counsel at Genovese Joblove & Battista PA.

URL: http://www.TheDeal.com

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                        Copyright 2006 The Deal, L.L.C.


                             587 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                             August 10, 2007 Friday

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 412 words


MISSOULA, Mont. (AP) - A new report indicates Montanans and North Dakotans
should brace themselves for attempts by would-be thieves to steal their
identities.

ID Analytics Inc., a California company that sells fraud-protection products to
businesses, says Montana has one of the fastest-rising identity fraud rates in
the nation.

The company analyzed fraud reports filed throughout the United States last year
to determine which ZIP codes were experiencing the most criminal activity, said
Stephen Coggeshall, the report's author and ID Analytics' chief technology
officer in San Diego.

The highest instances of such activity were in the nation's biggest cities; but
Coggeshall was surprised to find that identity fraud was increasing fastest in
the relatively rural states of Montana and North Dakota, he told the Missoulian
in a telephone interview.

The newspaper reported the study Thursday.

Overall, six Montana communities made the company's top 10 list of identity
fraud "hot spots." Springfield, Ill., leads the list followed by Bozeman and
Missoula, Mont., in second and third place, respectively. Whitefish, Lolo,
Hamilton and Bigfork, Mont., are also included, with North Dakota's Bismarck,
Grand Forks and Fargo rounding out the top 10.

It's likely, Coggeshall said, that the high numbers were caused by an organized
ring of identity thieves sweeping through the region.

The nation as a whole is grappling with more cases of identity fraud, said
special agent Ron Mosback in Missoula. While his office has not seen a marked
increase in the number of identity theft cases, it certainly gets its share of
counterfeit checks, fake lotteries and Internet scams, he said.

"I think Montana is targeted because rural communities tend to be more
trusting," said Roxanne Roehl, senior vice president of Missoula Federal Credit
Union.

Mosback warned consumers against sharing any personal information over the phone
or Internet unless the consumer initiates contact.

"You should never give your personal information over the phone if you're not
sure who you're talking to," he said.

He also encouraged people to go over their credit histories regularly, perhaps
every six months or so, looking for purchases they didn't make.

Public awareness is one of the best defenses against identity theft and other
fraud, Mosback said. Once word of a particular scam is out, fewer people fall
prey to it and scammers are forced to find a new strategy. Report says N.D.
cities rank high for ID theft

LOAD-DATE: August 10, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2007 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                             588 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 7, 2013 Wednesday

Columbia: District Man Indicted in $3 Million Embezzlement Scheme

LENGTH: 560  words

DATELINE: Bogota


United States Attorney's Office for the District of Columbia has issued the
following press release:

Howard E. Person, Jr., 35, of Washington, D.C., has been indicted for mail fraud
and other federal offenses stemming from a $3 million embezzlement scheme in
which he is accused of illegally obtaining and using his employer's money for
the purchase of a house, trips to Las Vegas and other locations, and other
personal expenses.

The indictment, which was unsealed today in the U.S. District Court for the
District of Columbia, was announced by U.S. Attorney Ronald C. Machen Jr., Cathy
L. Lanier, Chief of the Metropolitan Police Department (MPD), and Kathy A.
Michalko, Special Agent in Charge, Washington Field Office, U.S. Secret Service.

Person was named in the 12-count indictment on July 30, 2013, charging him with
mail fraud, access device fraud, interstate transportation of money taken by
fraud, monetary transactions, and first-degree theft.  The indictment also
includes forfeiture allegations seeking all proceeds traceable to the scheme.
Person pled not guilty to the charges today.

According to the indictment, Person had been the finance director of a small,
locally owned company.  The indictment alleges that from March 2008 to September
2011 he arranged to divert money from his employer's bank account to another
bank account which he exclusively controlled in order to embezzle money from the
company.

The indictment alleges that Person opened this other, secret, bank account
without the knowledge and permission of the owner. He also allegedly used false
financial statements to conceal his theft from the owner. According to the
indictment, Person caused the company's clients to pay the secret account
instead of the authorized account $6 million in money due and owing to the
company.  The indictment charges that Person then used about $3 million to keep
the company afloat, and the other $3 million to pay his personal expenses,
including purchasing his home in the 500 block of Florida Avenue NE, in an
amount in excess of $340,000; paying for trips to Las Vegas, Atlantic City,
Miami, the Dominican Republic, and Hawaii; transferring money into his personal
bank account and into his side-line business account; funding parties and shows,
and  withdrawing over $55,000 in cash from ATMs and over $35,000 in debit card
purchases at casinos in Las Vegas and Atlantic City.

An indictment is merely a formal charge that a defendant has committed a
violation of criminal laws and every defendant is presumed innocent until, and
unless, proven guilty.

In announcing the charges, U.S. Attorney Machen, Chief Lanier, and Special Agent
in Charge Michalko expressed appreciation for the work performed by MPD
detectives from the criminal investigation division - financial crimes section
as well as by the Special Agents and financial analysts from the U.S. Secret
Service. They also acknowledged the efforts of those who are working on the case
from the U.S. Attorney's Office, including Criminal Investigator Juan Juarez,
Paralegal Specialist Donna Galindo, Assistant U.S. Attorneys Christopher
Kavanaugh and Anthony Saler, former Assistant U.S. Attorney Mary Chris Dobbie,
and Assistant U.S. Attorney Virginia Cheatham, who is prosecuting the case.

For more information please visit: http://www.justice.gov/usao/dc

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             589 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 6, 2013 Tuesday

Columbia: District Man Indicted in $3 Million Embezzlement Scheme

LENGTH: 560  words

DATELINE: Bogota


United States Attorney's Office for the District of Columbia has issued the
following press release:

Howard E. Person, Jr., 35, of Washington, D.C., has been indicted for mail fraud
and other federal offenses stemming from a $3 million embezzlement scheme in
which he is accused of illegally obtaining and using his employer's money for
the purchase of a house, trips to Las Vegas and other locations, and other
personal expenses.

The indictment, which was unsealed today in the U.S. District Court for the
District of Columbia, was announced by U.S. Attorney Ronald C. Machen Jr., Cathy
L. Lanier, Chief of the Metropolitan Police Department (MPD), and Kathy A.
Michalko, Special Agent in Charge, Washington Field Office, U.S. Secret Service.

Person was named in the 12-count indictment on July 30, 2013, charging him with
mail fraud, access device fraud, interstate transportation of money taken by
fraud, monetary transactions, and first-degree theft.  The indictment also
includes forfeiture allegations seeking all proceeds traceable to the scheme.
Person pled not guilty to the charges today.

According to the indictment, Person had been the finance director of a small,
locally owned company.  The indictment alleges that from March 2008 to September
2011 he arranged to divert money from his employer's bank account to another
bank account which he exclusively controlled in order to embezzle money from the
company.

The indictment alleges that Person opened this other, secret, bank account
without the knowledge and permission of the owner. He also allegedly used false
financial statements to conceal his theft from the owner. According to the
indictment, Person caused the company's clients to pay the secret account
instead of the authorized account $6 million in money due and owing to the
company.  The indictment charges that Person then used about $3 million to keep
the company afloat, and the other $3 million to pay his personal expenses,
including purchasing his home in the 500 block of Florida Avenue NE, in an
amount in excess of $340,000; paying for trips to Las Vegas, Atlantic City,
Miami, the Dominican Republic, and Hawaii; transferring money into his personal
bank account and into his side-line business account; funding parties and shows,
and  withdrawing over $55,000 in cash from ATMs and over $35,000 in debit card
purchases at casinos in Las Vegas and Atlantic City.

An indictment is merely a formal charge that a defendant has committed a
violation of criminal laws and every defendant is presumed innocent until, and
unless, proven guilty.

In announcing the charges, U.S. Attorney Machen, Chief Lanier, and Special Agent
in Charge Michalko expressed appreciation for the work performed by MPD
detectives from the criminal investigation division - financial crimes section
as well as by the Special Agents and financial analysts from the U.S. Secret
Service. They also acknowledged the efforts of those who are working on the case
from the U.S. Attorney's Office, including Criminal Investigator Juan Juarez,
Paralegal Specialist Donna Galindo, Assistant U.S. Attorneys Christopher
Kavanaugh and Anthony Saler, former Assistant U.S. Attorney Mary Chris Dobbie,
and Assistant U.S. Attorney Virginia Cheatham, who is prosecuting the case.

For more information please visit: http://www.justice.gov/usao/dc

LOAD-DATE: August 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             590 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Charleston Daily Mail (West Virginia)

                           November 6, 2012, Tuesday

Police & courts

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P7A

LENGTH: 783 words


Sentencing set

for fraud scheme

A Utah man is set to be sentenced for his role in a multimillion-dollar fraud
scheme to sell property in a Hurricane subdivision at inflated prices.

Raymond Morris of South Weber, Utah, was supposed to be sentenced in federal
court in Charleston last week but his hearing was postponed because his flight
was canceled. The hearing was rescheduled for Monday.

Morris faces up to 30 years for wire fraud and bank fraud. He pleaded guilty to
the charges in July.

Deborah Joyce of Hurricane was sentenced to nearly four years for her role in
the scheme, which cost lenders approximately $1.9 million. Michael Hurd of Salt
Lake City was sentenced to two years and three months for conspiracy to commit
wire fraud and bank fraud.

Authorities identify

Mink Shoals body

A body found this morning at a parking area off the Mink Shoals exit of
Interstate 79 was identified as a resident of Charleston's West Side.

The body is that of Nicholas A. Arthur, 31, of 856 Matthews Ave., said Captain
Sean Crosier of the Kanawha County Sheriff's Department.

The body was found near a concrete barrier about 8 a.m. Monday.

While no foul play is suspected, investigators are awaiting toxicology reports.
The body was sent to the medical examiner's office for an autopsy.

Anyone with information is asked to call Sgt. B.K. Carper, detective with the
Kanawha Bureau of Investigation, at 304-357-0169.

Wayne inmate

escapes center

An inmate serving time for burglary in Wayne County has escaped from the Beckley
Correctional Center, authorities said today.

Joseph Cody Genet, 26, was missing during the midnight inmate count early
Monday, according to a spokesperson with the West Virginia Division of
Corrections.

He is described as a white male with brown hair and green eyes who stands 6 feet
3 inches tall and weighs 190 pounds. He has multiple tattoos and a three-inch
surgical scar on his inner right forearm.

Anyone with information is asked to call the local state police detachment.

Police identify boy

hit, killed by truck

Mason County deputies identified a boy struck and killed by a pickup truck in
Point Pleasant as Earnest Trey McCarty, 10, of Ashton.

A Chevrolet pickup being driven by James Richardson of Point Pleasant struck and
killed the boy about 1:30 p.m. Sunday on Sandhill Road.

Deputies said the child ran into the road in front of Richardson's vehicle.

The boy died at Pleasant Valley Hospital. No charges were filed against
Richardson. Deputies still are investigating.

Compiled from staff, wire reports

Hearings scheduled

in bath salts case

CLARKSBURG - Two employees of shops that prosecutors say sold illegal bath salts
are appearing in federal court for plea hearings.

Court records show Clarksburg residents Jeremia Phillips and Derrick Calip are
set to enter pleas Monday before U.S. Magistrate John Kaull.

Both were indicted in April when authorities shut down their employer's "Hot
Stuff and Cool Things" stores in Buckhannon and Clarksburg.

Both are charged with eight counts of drug conspiracy and two counts of
maintaining a drug-involved property for sales from September 2011 through
January. They could face 10 years or more in prison.

Prosecutors say the stores were a major source of bath salts in north-central
West Virginia.

Court records show Kaull will also handle a proposed plea agreement for business
owner Jeffrey Paglia. That hearing isn't yet scheduled.

Man charged with

-hotgun slaying

HAZELTON - A West Virginia man is charged with first-degree murder after
allegedly shooting a Maryland man in the face with a 12-gauge shotgun.

Justin Michael Fontaine, 28, was being held without bond Monday at Tygart Valley
Regional Jail.

State Police say they found Jerame Adam Sines, 33, of Friendsville, Md., dead in
a pool of blood on an enclosed porch at Fontaine's home Saturday evening.

Fontaine was arraigned in Preston County Magistrate Court. A preliminary hearing
is set for Nov. 13.

State Police did not immediately comment on a possible motive for the slaying.

Police say stuck

car led to shooting

SPRAGUE - A Raleigh County man is dead following an argument over a vehicle that
got stuck in his yard.

The Raleigh County Sheriff's Office said Danny Kennedy, 54, was fatally shot
after he argued with the vehicle's occupants.

Police arrested two suspects and are seeking a third who is a juvenile.

Dominic Paige, 22, of Beckley is charged with first-degree murder. Antonio Wade,
28, is charged with unlawful possession of a deadly weapon by a convicted felon.
Both are being held at the Southern Regional Jail.

The shooting occurred Sunday at Kennedy's home in Sprague. Police say the
suspects were attempting to turn around in Kennedy's driveway when their vehicle
got stuck in his yard.

LOAD-DATE: November 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 Charleston Newspapers


                             591 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                           September 5, 2015 Saturday

Nine Sentenced in Multi-Million-Dollar Mortgage Fraud Scheme &#xD; &#xD; Scam
Involved 45 Properties and $16 Million in Mortgage Loans

LENGTH: 1587  words


Nine individuals have been sentenced on federal charges stemming from a mortgage
fraud scheme involving 45 properties and $16 million in mortgage loans used for
the purchase of residential real estate in the District of Columbia and
Maryland.

The sentences were announced today by Acting U.S. Attorney Vincent H. Cohen,
Jr.; Olga Acevedo, Special Agent in Charge of the Mid-Atlantic Region, Office of
the Inspector General, Federal Housing Finance Agency; Cary Rubenstein, Special
Agent in Charge of the Mid-Atlantic Region of the Office of the Inspector
General of the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD-OIG); and
Andrew G. McCabe, Assistant Director in Charge of the FBI's Washington Field
Office.

The sentences, the most recent of which took place today, occurred before the
Honorable Reggie B. Walton of the U.S. District Court for the District of
Columbia. Defendants include:

Edward Dacy, 77, of West Melbourne, Fla. He was sentenced on Aug. 6, 2015 to six
years in prison. Dacy was found guilty by a jury of 10 counts of conspiracy,
bank fraud, and mail fraud. Upon completion of his prison term, Dacy will be
placed on three years of supervised release. In addition, Judge Walton ordered
that he pay $2,730,345 in restitution and an identical amount as a forfeiture
money judgment.

Frank Davis, Jr., 49, of Washington, D.C. He was sentenced on Aug. 7, 2015 to
five years in prison for conspiracy to commit bank fraud. Upon completion of his
prison term, Davis will be placed on three years of supervised release. Judge
Walton also ordered that Davis pay $2,730,345 in restitution and an amount of
$2,296,463 as a forfeiture money judgment;

Frederick Robinson, Sr., 52, of Montgomery, Ala. He was sentenced on July 31,
2015 to 27 months in prison for conspiracy to commit bank fraud. Upon completion
of his prison term, Robinson will be placed on three years of supervised
release. Robinson also was ordered to pay $925,311 in restitution and an amount
of $971,900 as a forfeiture money judgment.

Lonnie Johnson, 47, of Greensboro, N.C. He was sentenced on July 15, 2015 to one
year and one day in prison for conspiracy to commit bank fraud. Upon completion
of his prison term, Johnson will be placed on three years of supervised release.
In addition, Judge Walton ordered that he pay $277,000 in restitution.

Cheryl E. Morrison, 54, of West Melbourne, Fla. She was sentenced on Aug. 5,
2015 to five years of probation for conspiracy to commit mail fraud; she was
required to serve 90 days of that time in home detention. She also must pay
$42,600 in restitution;

Howard Tutman, III, 54, of Woodstock, Md. He was sentenced on Aug. 4, 2015 to
five years of probation for conspiracy to commit bank fraud; he was required to
serve 20 weekends in jail. In addition, Judge Walton ordered Tutman to pay
$484,370 in restitution and $606,414 in forfeiture;

Pauline Pilate, 50, of Washington, D.C. She was sentenced on July 16, 2015 to
three years of probation for conspiracy to commit bank fraud; she was required
to serve eight weekends in jail. In addition, Judge Walton ordered that she pay
$1 million in restitution and an identical amount as a forfeiture money
judgment;

A. Conrad Austin, 49, of Bowie, Md. He was sentenced on May 15, 2015 to five
years of probation for conspiracy to commit bank fraud, mail fraud, and wire
fraud; he was required to serve four weekends in jail. In addition, Judge Walton
ordered that he pay $5,001 in restitution and an identical amount as a
forfeiture money judgment.

Anthony Young, 47, of Clinton, Md. He was sentenced today to five years of
probation for conspiracy to commit bank fraud; he is required to serve eight
weekends in jail. In addition, Judge Walton ordered that he pay $300,600 in
restitution.

Today's sentencing concludes a three-year investigation relating to this
mortgage fraud scheme involving the defrauding of banks, mortgage lenders, and
the Federal Housing Administration, part of U.S. Department of Housing and Urban
Development, of money by obtaining mortgage loans on residential real estate
properties through false loan applications and documents and fraudulent
settlements. These actions ultimately caused a loss to the banks, lenders, and
FHA when mortgages were not paid. Some of the fraudulently-obtained mortgage
loans were later resold in the secondary mortgage market to Freddie Mac and
Fannie Mae.

"In this case, a group of greedy individuals teamed up with a real estate agent,
a certified public accountant, employees of a settlement company, and others to
carry out a far-reaching scheme that caused millions of dollars in losses to
banks and other lending institutions," said Acting U.S. Attorney Cohen. "These
defendants took money that could have been used to help honest, hard-working
people attain the dream of home ownership. They used straw buyers and falsified
documents to carry out their long-running fraud. The prosecution in this case
demonstrates our resolve to aggressively deal with those who engage in mortgage
fraud at the expense of the entire community."

"This was a multi-tiered scheme with multiple individuals playing a role, and
every single one of them underestimated the ability and commitment of law
enforcement to protect innocent victims and ultimately the taxpayers from
mortgage fraud schemes," said Special Agent in Charge Acevedo. "We are proud to
be a part of the multi-agency effort to hold accountable those who engage in
mortgage and bank fraud. FHFA-OIG will continue to carry out this work until all
are held accountable."

"This sentencing was the result of outstanding investigative work conducted by
the HUD OIG, and our law enforcement partners," said Special Agent in Charge
Rubenstein. "This collaborative effort sends a clear message that we will commit
the necessary resources to make sure that the fraudsters are brought to justice
and are prosecuted to the full extent of the law."

"Even though this $16 million mortgage fraud conspiracy targeted lenders, banks,
and the Federal Housing Administration, the result of these criminal actions
hurts our entire community," said Assistant Director in Charge McCabe. "The FBI
will continue to work with our law enforcement partners to ensure that these
criminal schemes do not go unpunished."

Davis and Robinson purchased properties in the names of general partnerships;
Davis and Robinson then recruited individuals, or straw buyers, to re-purchase
these same properties for higher amounts, funded by fraudulently obtained
mortgage loans, by promising the buyers that they would not be required to: make
financial contributions toward the purchase of the properties; pay the monthly
mortgage payments or expenses; or maintain the properties. These mortgage loans
were obtained by fraudulent statements and documents, including false loan
applications and real estate contracts, phony cashier's checks and verifications
from banks, fabricated tax returns, and letters from a Certified Public
Accountant.

Davis recruited Young, who assisted with recruiting other straw buyers; Pilate,
who obtained her real estate license in order to create real estate sales
contracts for the straw buyers, and Johnson, a bank employee who assisted in
creating false verifications of deposits. In order to obtain mortgage loans in
the names of some of the straw buyers, Robinson recruited Austin, a Certified
Public Accountant (CPA), to create false CPA letters, inflated tax returns, and
unjustified financial statements. Tutman was the loan officer on 14 loans or
loan attempts, and knew that the borrowers were merely straw buyers for Davis
and Robinson and the loan applications contained inflated salaries.

Morrison worked at the settlement company with Dacy, her husband. The settlement
company received the funding from the mortgage lender and should have collected
the buyers' cash contributions; it was under the obligation to disburse the loan
money only if all of the mortgage lender's conditions were met and the buyer's
financial contributions collected. Morrison and Dacy handled the straw buyers'
settlement of the properties, with knowledge that the straw buyers did not pay
the cash contribution as required by the lenders.

In announcing the sentences, Acting U.S. Attorney Cohen, Special Agent in Charge
Acevedo, Special Agent in Charge Rubenstein, and Assistant Director in Charge
McCabe expressed appreciation for the work performed by the Special Agents and
analysts from the Offices of Inspector General of the Federal Housing Finance
Agency and Department of Housing and Urban Development and the FBI, who
investigated the case. They also expressed appreciation for the work of the U.S.
Secret Service and the Offices of Inspector General of the Central Intelligence
Agency, the Department of Justice, and Department of Homeland Security, which
assisted in the investigation. They acknowledged the efforts of those working on
the case from the U.S. Attorney's Office for the District of Columbia, including
Paralegal Specialists Ida Anbarian, Donna Galindo, Corinne Kleinman, Kristy
Penny, Tasha Harris, and Heather Sales, former Paralegal Specialist Sarah Reis,
and Assistant U.S. Attorneys Anthony Saler, Thomas Swanton, and Arvind K. Lal,
who assisted with forfeiture issues. Finally, they commended the work of
Assistant U.S. Attorneys Virginia Cheatham and David A. Last, who tried the case
against Edward Dacy and handled the plea negotiations with Conrad Austin, and
Virginia Cheatham who prosecuted the case. 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             592 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Erie Times-News (Pennsylvania)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             June 20, 2015 Saturday

New York man pleads guilty in IRS fraud

BYLINE: Lisa Thompson, Erie Times-News, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 393 words


June 20--ERIE, Pa. -- A New York man pleaded guilty Friday in U.S. District
Court in Erie to playing a minor role in a nationwide scheme that the government
said involved the use of stolen identities to fraudulently obtain income tax
refunds and other crimes.

Daniel Freeman, 50, a native of Ghana, pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy
to commit wire fraud. The charge carried up to 20 years in prison and a $250,000
fine.

Freeman is one of 24 people indicted in Erie so far in a case triggered in 2012
by a report from an alert credit union branch manager in Erie.

In all, 24 people have been indicted in crimes involving hundreds of financial
institutions and more than $61 million in attempted fraud, Assistant U.S.
Attorney Christian Trabold said Friday.

Trabold said Freeman played a lesser role. Freeman, a resident of Brooklyn,
N.Y., admitted he allowed three of his bank accounts to be used for the deposit
of 23 fraudulently obtained tax refunds. The fraudulently filed tax returns
sought $193,870, but not all of that was received by the defendant.

Freeman is the first to enter a guilty plea in the case. The charges are still
pending against 23 other defendants who live in New York City, Tennessee, Rhode
Island, Indiana and Connecticut.

The indictments against the men, many of whom are Nigerian nationals, were filed
in Erie because staff at Erie's Widget Financial detected suspected fraudulent
attempts to open accounts and alerted the FBI in 2012. No local accounts were
compromised, but Widget's tip triggered a nationwide investigation and the
indictments, the first of which was filed in April.

It is believed to be the largest white collar crime case prosecuted in Erie's
federal court.

The government said the defendants obtained stolen identity information,
including Social Security numbers and birth dates, and used the information to
file false income tax returns and obtain fraudulent tax refunds.

The defendants also used the stolen identities to open thousands of credit card
accounts, they said.

The case was investigated by the FBI and the Internal Revenue Service, Criminal
Investigation.

LISA THOMPSON can be reached at 870-1802 or by e-mail. Follow her on Twitter at
twitter.com/ETNthompson.

___ (c)2015 the Erie Times-News (Erie, Pa.) Visit the Erie Times-News (Erie,
Pa.) at www.GoErie.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150620-EI-New-York-man-pleads-guilty-in-IRS-fraud-0620-20150620

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EI


                         Copyright 2015 Erie Times-News


                             593 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  July 15, 1994, Friday, Late Edition - Final

BOXING;
Don King Indicted for Fraud Over Insurance

BYLINE: By RONALD SULLIVAN

SECTION: Section B;  Page 15;  Column 6;  Sports Desk

LENGTH: 509 words


Don King, the flamboyant boxing promoter with the signature stack of stiff gray
hair, was indicted yesterday by a Federal grand jury in Manhattan on wire fraud
charges involving hundreds of thousands of dollars of fraudulent insurance
claims.

In a nine-count indictment, the 62-year-old King was charged with defrauding
Lloyd's of London by submitting phony expenses and contracts from a canceled
championship fight in 1991 that involved Julio Cesar Chavez, the World Boxing
Council superlightweight and junior welterweight champion under contract to
King, and Harold Brazier.

The grand jury said that two months before the scheduled June fight in Las
Vegas, King took out a $750,000 policy with Lloyd's as insurance if the fight
was canceled. Chavez's nose was subsequently cut while sparring in training,
thus causing the fight to be canceled.

Mary Jo White, the United States Attorney for the Southern District, said the
grand jury charged that King received $350,000 in insurance after submitting a
contract he said he had with Chavez that entitled the fighter to $350,000 in
training fees if the bout was canceled. But the grand jury said the contract was
a fraud and Chavez never received any of the money.

5-Year Maximum

"I'm completely innocent," King said in a statement issued by his office in
Bismarck, N.D., where he is promoting a fight. "I will be cleared."

If convicted, King faces a maximum sentence of five years in prison and a
$250,000 fine for each of the nine counts. King is scheduled to be arraigned
July 21.

According to the indictment, King was charged in Manhattan because, as part of
his scheme to defraud, he used communication lines from his principal office at
32 East 69th Street until December 1992, when he moved both his business and
home to Oakland Park, Fla.

The indictment ends a Federal investigation that began more than two years ago
when Joseph Maffia, the former financial officer of Don King Productions Inc.,
filed a civil complaint against his former boss. Maffia is expected to be a
prosecution witness against King.

The indictment is the latest in a series of criminal problems that have dogged
King. He served four years in an Ohio prison for killing a man in Cleveland in
1967. An earlier killing was ruled self-defense and about 30 gambling arrests
pepper his Cleveland police record from 1951 to 1966.

In 1971, King became a boxing promoter with the help of a young heavyweight,
Muhammad Ali.

Over the next two decades, King became nearly as famous as his fighters, who
included such champions as Mike Tyson and Larry Holmes.

Over the years, King was involved in lawsuits with Holmes, the heavyweight Tim
Witherspoon and the trainer Richie Giachetti, all of whom claimed he owed them
money. He also was at the center of a breach-of-contract lawsuit with Bill
Cayton after Tyson switched managers from Cayton to King. In 1984, a Federal
grand jury in Manhattan indicted King on charges of tax evasion. He was
acquitted the following year. "Only in America," he told reporters.

LOAD-DATE: July 15, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1994 The New York Times Company


                             594 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                      November 6, 2016 Sunday 4:10 AM GMT

Donald Trump accuses Democrats of voter fraud in Nevada Hispanic precinct;
Republican presidential nominee claims the late opening of a voting site in a
Hispanic neighborhood of Las Vegas due to long lines points to 'rigged system'

BYLINE: Ben Jacobs in Reno, Nevada

SECTION: US NEWS

LENGTH: 515 words


Donald Trump, who has long suggested without evidence there is voter fraud in
the United States, explicitly accused Democrats in Nevada in engaging in the
practice on Saturday.

Speaking in a convention center hall in Reno, Nevada, Trump alleged that the
long lines in Hispanic neighborhoods on the last day of early voting in Las
Vegas were the result of the machinations of "crazy broken Harry Reid and his
political machine", referring to the Senate minority leader, who hails from the
state.

Trump alleged to a crowd: "It's being reported certain key Democratic polling
locations in Clark County were kept open hours and hours beyond closing time to
bus and bring Democratic voters in." He added, "folks, it's a rigged system,
it's a rigged system" to loud boos, before insisting, "we're going to beat it".

Related:  Trump campaign and Republicans paid $1.8m to companies mired in voter
fraud claims

The Republican nominee was apparently referring to a Las Vegas supermarket where
voters, most of whom were Hispanic, stood in line for hours to vote on Friday
night. The length of lines meant that the early voting site did not finally
close until 10pm and turnout on Friday set records. On Friday alone, 57,000
people in Clark County, which is home to Las Vegas and majority of Nevada's
population, voted. In total, over 770,000 votes have already been cast in the
swing state, making up roughly two-thirds of the estimated turnout, and
Democrats are widely favored to win the state, unless there is record Republican
turnout on Tuesday.

The state GOP's chair, Michael McDonald, made similar allegations while speaking
before Trump arrived. "Last night in Clark County, they kept a poll open until
10 o'clock at night so a certain group can vote," McDonald said. "It was in an
area that normally has high transition. The polls are supposed to close at
seven. This was kept open until 10. You feel free right now? You think this is a
free and easy election?"

Related:  'Trump Place' polling site irks New York City voters

The remarks marked most specific allegations of voter fraud that Trump has made.
The Republican nominee has warned in recent weeks of fraud in cities like
"Philadelphia, Chicago and St Louis", and insisted on Twitter "there is
large-scale voter fraud in the United States".

Trump had long warned vaguely of voter fraud, in particular invoking a
Republican dogwhistle about African-American voters in Philadelphia by warning
about fraud in "certain areas in Pennsylvania". The statement is a reference to
a particular conspiracy theory that Mitt Romney was somehow the victim of voter
fraud in 2012. The theory was premised on the fact that in 59 precincts in
Philadelphia, Romney did not receive a single vote. There are 1,687 precincts in
the city and President Barack Obama received over 85% of the vote there in 2012.

The Republican presidential nominee also mocked Obama for suggesting "Donald
Trump is hurting the foundations of our country by talking about rigging the
system". He added dismissively, "give me a break", and called Obama "a phony".

LOAD-DATE: November 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2016 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             595 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                      November 6, 2016 Sunday 4:10 AM GMT

Donald Trump accuses Democrats of voter fraud in Nevada;
Republican presidential nominee claims the late opening of a voting site in a
Hispanic neighborhood of Las Vegas due to long lines points to 'rigged system'

BYLINE: Ben Jacobs in Reno, Nevada

SECTION: US NEWS

LENGTH: 515 words


Donald Trump, who has long suggested without evidence there is voter fraud in
the United States, explicitly accused Democrats in Nevada in engaging in the
practice on Saturday.

Speaking in a convention center hall in Reno, Nevada, Trump alleged that the
long lines in Hispanic neighborhoods on the last day of early voting in Las
Vegas were the result of the machinations of "crazy broken Harry Reid and his
political machine", referring to the Senate minority leader, who hails from the
state.

Trump alleged to a crowd: "It's being reported certain key Democratic polling
locations in Clark County were kept open hours and hours beyond closing time to
bus and bring Democratic voters in." He added, "folks, it's a rigged system,
it's a rigged system" to loud boos, before insisting, "we're going to beat it".

Related:  Trump campaign and Republicans paid $1.8m to companies mired in voter
fraud claims

The Republican nominee was apparently referring to a Las Vegas supermarket where
voters, most of whom were Hispanic, stood in line for hours to vote on Friday
night. The length of lines meant that the early voting site did not finally
close until 10pm and turnout on Friday set records. On Friday alone, 57,000
people in Clark County, which is home to Las Vegas and majority of Nevada's
population, voted. In total, over 770,000 votes have already been cast in the
swing state, making up roughly two-thirds of the estimated turnout, and
Democrats are widely favored to win the state, unless there is record Republican
turnout on Tuesday.

The state GOP's chair, Michael McDonald, made similar allegations while speaking
before Trump arrived. "Last night in Clark County, they kept a poll open until
10 o'clock at night so a certain group can vote," McDonald said. "It was in an
area that normally has high transition. The polls are supposed to close at
seven. This was kept open until 10. You feel free right now? You think this is a
free and easy election?"

Related:  'Trump Place' polling site irks New York City voters

The remarks marked most specific allegations of voter fraud that Trump has made.
The Republican nominee has warned in recent weeks of fraud in cities like
"Philadelphia, Chicago and St Louis", and insisted on Twitter "there is
large-scale voter fraud in the United States".

Trump had long warned vaguely of voter fraud, in particular invoking a
Republican dogwhistle about African-American voters in Philadelphia by warning
about fraud in "certain areas in Pennsylvania". The statement is a reference to
a particular conspiracy theory that Mitt Romney was somehow the victim of voter
fraud in 2012. The theory was premised on the fact that in 59 precincts in
Philadelphia, Romney did not receive a single vote. There are 1,687 precincts in
the city and President Barack Obama received over 85% of the vote there in 2012.

The Republican presidential nominee also mocked Obama for suggesting "Donald
Trump is hurting the foundations of our country by talking about rigging the
system". He added dismissively, "give me a break", and called Obama "a phony".

LOAD-DATE: November 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2016 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             596 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 29, 2015 Tuesday

Virginia: Attorney General Morrisey Partners with Social Security and Inspector
General to Establish Anti-Fraud Unit

LENGTH: 467  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Richmond: West Virginia State Attorney General's Office has issued the
following news release:



 West Virginia Attorney General Patrick Morrisey, the Social Security
Administration and its Office of the Inspector General (OIG) announced today the
formation of the Cooperative Disability Investigations (CDI) Unit in Charleston.

  As part of the nationwide CDI Program, the Charleston Unit identifies and
prevents Social Security disability fraud throughout the State of West Virginia.





 The CDI program is one of Social Security's most successful anti-fraud
initiatives, contributing to the integrity of Federal disability programs.  CDI
Units bring together personnel from Social Security, its OIG, state Disability
Determination Services (DDS), and local law enforcement agencies to analyze and
investigate suspicious or questionable Social Security disability claims, to
help resolve questions of potential fraud before benefits are ever paid.  CDI
Unit efforts help disability examiners make informed decisions, ensure payment
accuracy, and generate significant taxpayer savings, for both Federal and state
programs.



 "We have a significant problem with disability fraud in West Virginia,"
Attorney General Morrisey said.  "It is my hope that this partnership will
dramatically reduce fraud and abuse so that we can preserve precious taxpayer
resources for those who are legally allowed to obtain this benefit."



 "Social Security's most successful collaboration with the OIG in the area of
disability fraud investigation and prevention is the CDI program.  These units
play a critical role in preventing fraud and investigating complex conspiracies
and we are excited to mark the work being done at the Charleston CDI unit," said
Carolyn W. Colvin, Acting Commissioner of Social Security.  "I thank Attorney
General Patrick Morrisey for his office's involvement and commitment to fight
fraud.  Social Security will continue to combat fraud and preserve public trust
in our programs."



 "For nearly two decades, CDI has had tremendous success in identifying and
preventing disability fraud and abuse," said Social Security Inspector General
Patrick P. O'Carroll, Jr.  "We're very pleased to partner with Attorney General
Patrick Morrisey to expand our efforts to combat fraud and to ensure the
integrity of Social Security's disability programs for the citizens of West
Virginia."



 The CDI program currently consists of 37 units covering 31 States, the District
of Columbia, and Puerto Rico.  Social Security and the OIG plan to establish
another unit in 2016 as part of an ongoing agency effort to root out disability
fraud and preserve benefits for those who truly deserve them.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             597 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 29, 2015 Tuesday

Virginia: Attorney General Morrisey Partners with Social Security and Inspector
General to Establish Anti-Fraud Unit

LENGTH: 467  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Richmond: West Virginia State Attorney General's Office has issued the
following news release:



 West Virginia Attorney General Patrick Morrisey, the Social Security
Administration and its Office of the Inspector General (OIG) announced today the
formation of the Cooperative Disability Investigations (CDI) Unit in Charleston.

  As part of the nationwide CDI Program, the Charleston Unit identifies and
prevents Social Security disability fraud throughout the State of West Virginia.





 The CDI program is one of Social Security's most successful anti-fraud
initiatives, contributing to the integrity of Federal disability programs.  CDI
Units bring together personnel from Social Security, its OIG, state Disability
Determination Services (DDS), and local law enforcement agencies to analyze and
investigate suspicious or questionable Social Security disability claims, to
help resolve questions of potential fraud before benefits are ever paid.  CDI
Unit efforts help disability examiners make informed decisions, ensure payment
accuracy, and generate significant taxpayer savings, for both Federal and state
programs.



 "We have a significant problem with disability fraud in West Virginia,"
Attorney General Morrisey said.  "It is my hope that this partnership will
dramatically reduce fraud and abuse so that we can preserve precious taxpayer
resources for those who are legally allowed to obtain this benefit."



 "Social Security's most successful collaboration with the OIG in the area of
disability fraud investigation and prevention is the CDI program.  These units
play a critical role in preventing fraud and investigating complex conspiracies
and we are excited to mark the work being done at the Charleston CDI unit," said
Carolyn W. Colvin, Acting Commissioner of Social Security.  "I thank Attorney
General Patrick Morrisey for his office's involvement and commitment to fight
fraud.  Social Security will continue to combat fraud and preserve public trust
in our programs."



 "For nearly two decades, CDI has had tremendous success in identifying and
preventing disability fraud and abuse," said Social Security Inspector General
Patrick P. O'Carroll, Jr.  "We're very pleased to partner with Attorney General
Patrick Morrisey to expand our efforts to combat fraud and to ensure the
integrity of Social Security's disability programs for the citizens of West
Virginia."



 The CDI program currently consists of 37 units covering 31 States, the District
of Columbia, and Puerto Rico.  Social Security and the OIG plan to establish
another unit in 2016 as part of an ongoing agency effort to root out disability
fraud and preserve benefits for those who truly deserve them.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             598 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                 March 11, 1996

FBI Targets RE Officials in Sting

SECTION: Pg. 2

LENGTH: 440 words

DATELINE: Park City, UT


Within the next year or so, Federal law enforcement officers can be expected to
arrest hundreds of mortgage professionals in a major, nationwide sting operation
aimed at curtailing fraud in the mortgage business.

The Federal Bureau of Investigation already has engaged in 16 such "proactive
investigations," according to James Croft, a specialist in mortgage fraud who
has helped the FBI identify various loan scarns and unscrupulous operators.

The stings to date have resulted in what Mr. Croft called "13 hits," including
not only lenders but also appraisers, closing agents and various and sundry
other shady characters who obtain loans illegally or help others do so.

But he told the Midwinter conference here last week that he "wouldn't be
surprised" if the Bureau polled off a giant sting later this year, one that
would result in 600 or 700 arrests and send a message to scam artists everywhere
that such lawlessness won't be tolerated.

Mr. Croft, who heads the Mortgage Asset Research Institute, a Reston.  VA-based
firm that provides lenders with tools to combat fraud and improve loan quality,
said that fraud isn't any more widespread than it used to be.

Rather, it seems to be moving around the country from one hot spot to another.

"Beware of frothy markets," he said.  "Whenever you get busy, you get problems."

Nevertheless, Mr. Croft reported that MARI's clients are investigating perceived
incidence of fraud at a rate "three to four times greater" than they were 12-18
months ago.

Those who work with third-party brokers are "having substantially more problems"
than those who originate loans through their own retail branches, he also said.

Currently, fraud appears to most prevalent in the Midwest, where an entire ring
is said to be working the market, and in California, where the amount of
brokered loan business overtaxes the ability of software to spot problems.

Other hot spots are South Florida.  New York-New Jersey and the Mid-Atlantic
region.

The median loss from fraud is about $ 22,000 per loan, but it's substantially
higher in California, Mr. Croft told the meeting.  Moreover, losses are born
mostly by lenders.

For the most part, though, fraud isn't committed by "Joe and Jill Sixpack"
trying to stretch their resources to get into a home, according to the loan
quality specialist.

Rather, it's loan and/or realty agents "coaching people on how to invent the tax
returns and financial statements" necessary to win loan approval.

Only one of five defrauders intends to walk away with their loan proceeds, he
added.  The rest are committing fraud to "make loans work that shouldn't."

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 1996 Faulkner & Gray


                             599 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 17, 2015 Tuesday

Arizona: Deputy Chief, Policy/Supervisory Trial Attorney

LENGTH: 1781  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Justice has issued the following news releae:

Deputy Chief, Policy/Supervisory Trial Attorney
Criminal Division (CRM)
Fraud Section
Attorney
Washington, DC 20005
United States
15-CRM-FRD-019
About the Office:

The Fraud Section is a litigating unit that investigates and prosecutes complex,
multi-district and international white-collar criminal cases throughout the
country and implements and coordinates the Department's fraud enforcement
policy. Fraud Section cases focus on corporate, securities and investment fraud,
foreign bribery (Foreign Corrupt Practices Act), health care fraud, financial
institution and insurance fraud, mortgage fraud, procurement and government
program fraud (including fraud related to economic stimulus and recovery
programs), mass marketing fraud and other complex criminal schemes.
Job Description:

The Criminal Division, U.S. Department of Justice, is seeking a qualified,
experienced trial/policy attorney for a permanent position in the Fraud Section
located in Washington, DC.

The incumbent will serve as the Policy Deputy Chief, supervising the Section
policy initiatives and attorneys, and assisting the Chief, Principal Deputy,
Senior and Unit Deputies with national and international law enforcement efforts
to combat white-collar crime. The Policy Deputy Chief will report to a Senior
Deputy Chief, receiving guidance and direction to plan and accomplish the policy
and training work of the Section.

As a Policy Deputy Chief, the incumbent:

Oversees the work of the Unit's policy attorneys and others responsible for
policy aspects of the mission relating to combating violations of Health Care
Fraud, the Foreign Corrupt Policies Act or Securities and Financial Fraud.
Disaster fraud, financial institution fraud, identity theft, mass marketing
fraud, securities and commodities fraud and attendant working groups for all of
these topics are the incumbent's responsibility.

Assists and supports the Principal Deputy Chief and Unit Deputy Chief in the
day-to-day operations of the Section as needed, including but not limited to
providing input on budget allocation, hiring, personnel disciplinary actions,
and a wide variety of Department reporting responsibilities.

In collaboration with Section managers, helps develop and maintain the Section's
trial training effort to ensure ongoing individual and team development from a
trial perspective, identifying and correcting deficiencies, and making
recommendations on how to improve the Section's practice, working with Unit
Deputies to execute that plan.

Coordinates with Deputy Chiefs for the Fraud Section on cross-cutting programs,
cases, policy and legislative development, and training initiatives, including
recognizing opportunities for greater efficiency through combined efforts.

Assists in various Section initiatives to prosecute HCF, FCPA or SFF, which
includes investigations and prosecutions in partnership with U.S. Attorney's
Offices, and coordinate with U.S. Attorneys' Offices, federal law enforcement
agencies and foreign law enforcement officials in the development and management
of international and multi-district prosecution or policy initiatives.

Fosters effective national and global investigation and prosecution of HCF, FCPA
or SFF, including developing litigation priorities, policy and legislative
recommendations, and international efforts.
Qualifications:

Required Qualifications: All applicants must possess a J.D. degree, be duly
licensed and authorized to practice as an attorney under the laws of any State,
territory of the United States, or the District of Columbia, and have at least
seven (7) years of post J.D. legal experience. Applicants must be an active
member of the bar in good standing.

Applicants must also have one year of specialized experience at a minimum of
GS-14 grade level. Examples of specialized experience include: (a) working as a
lead attorney on felony level cases or specialized criminal litigation (i.e.
white collar, computer crime, racketeering); (b) supervising the work of
attorneys or paralegals; or (c) leading the development of a policy initiative.

Preferred Qualifications: Qualifications will be further evaluated based upon
the following:

· Experience as a criminal prosecutor.
· Knowledge of white collar criminal litigation.
· Experience in supporting, litigating, and supervising federal or state
criminal cases.
· Experience drafting policy, conducting policy workshops, advising on policy
related issues.
· Experience conducting investigations of organizations and entities, including
corporations.
Salary:
Compensation will be at the General Schedule (GS)-15 level, $126,245.00 --
158,700.00 per annum, which includes locality pay.
Travel:
Domestic and international travel may be required.
Application Process:

Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis. A list of eligible candidates
will be referred to the hiring managers every 14 days during the open period of
the announcement. The announcement may be closed at any time once all selections
are made. If you are interested in applying, it is recommended that you do so
early.

The Application Package must be received by 11:59 PM, Eastern Time, on the
closing date of this announcement.

Please submit your application through USAJOBS. The list of required documents
can be found in the USAJobs announcement.

1. If you do not already have an account, please create a USAjobs account before
applying Create an Account. You will be able to upload your resume and
supporting documents and complete your profile prior to applying.

2. Once you have an account, apply to the USAjobs vacancy:
https://www.usajobs.gov/GetJob/ViewDetails/395523000.
Application Deadline:
Friday, April 3, 2015
Relocation Expenses:
Relocation expenses are not authorized.
Number of Positions:
1
Updated March 4, 2015

*         *         *
Department Policies

Equal Employment Opportunity:  The U.S. Department of Justice is an Equal
Opportunity/Reasonable Accommodation Employer.  Except where otherwise provided
by law, there will be no discrimination because of color, race, religion,
national origin, political affiliation, marital status, disability (physical or
mental), age, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, genetic information,
status as a parent, membership or non-membership in an employee organization, on
the basis of personal favoritism, or any other non-merit factor.  The Department
of Justice welcomes and encourages applications from persons with physical and
mental disabilities. The Department is firmly committed to satisfying its
affirmative obligations under the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, to ensure that
persons with disabilities have every opportunity to be hired and advanced on the
basis of merit within the Department of Justice.

Reasonable Accommodations:  This agency provides reasonable accommodation to
applicants with disabilities where appropriate. If you need a reasonable
accommodation for any part of the application and hiring process, please notify
the agency.  Determinations on requests for reasonable accommodation will be
made on a case-by-case basis.

Outreach and Recruitment for Qualified Applicants with Disabilities:   The
Department encourages qualified applicants with disabilities, including
individuals with targeted/severe disabilities to apply in response to posted
vacancy announcements.  Qualified applicants with targeted/severe disabilities
may be eligible for direct hire, non-competitive appointment under Schedule A (5
C.F.R. § 213.3102(u)) hiring authority.  Individuals with targeted/severe
disabilities are encouraged to register for the Office of Personnel Management
(OPM) Shared List of People with Disabilities (the Bender Disability Employment
Registry) by submitting their resume to resume@benderconsult.com
Email links icon
and referencing "Federal Career Opportunities" in the subject line.  Additional
information about the Bender Registry is available at www.benderconsult.com
[external link].  Individuals with disabilities may also contact one of the
Department's Disability Points of Contact (DPOC).  See list of DPOCs.

Suitability and Citizenship:  It is the policy of the Department to achieve a
drug-free workplace and persons selected for employment will be required to pass
a drug test which screens for illegal drug use prior to final appointment.
Employment is also contingent upon the completion and satisfactory adjudication
of a background investigation. Only U.S. citizens are eligible for employment
with the Executive Office for Immigration Review and the United States
Attorneys' Offices. Unless otherwise indicated in a particular job
advertisement, non-U.S. Citizens may apply for employment with other
organizations, but should be advised that appointments of non-U.S. Citizens are
extremely rare; such appointments would be possible only if necessary to
accomplish the Department's mission and would be subject to strict security
requirements.  Applicants who hold dual citizenship in the U.S. and another
country will be considered on a case-by-case basis.

Veterans:  There is no formal rating system for applying veterans' preference to
attorney appointments in the excepted service; however, the Department of
Justice considers veterans' preference eligibility as a positive factor in
attorney hiring. Applicants eligible for veterans' preference must include that
information in their cover letter or resume and attach supporting documentation
(e.g., the DD 214, Certificate of Release or Discharge from Active Duty and
other supporting documentation) to their submissions. Although the "point"
system is not used, per se, applicants eligible to claim 10-point preference
must submit Standard Form (SF) 15, Application for 10-Point Veteran Preference,
and submit the supporting documentation required for the specific type of
preference claimed (visit the OPM website, www.opm.gov/forms/pdf_fill/SF15.pdf
for a copy of SF 15, which lists the types of 10-point preferences and the
required supporting document(s). Applicants should note that SF 15 requires
supporting documentation associated with service- connected disabilities or
receipt of nonservice-connected disability pensions to be dated 1991 or later
except in the case of service members submitting official statements or
retirement orders from a branch of the Armed Forces showing that his  or her
retirement was due to a permanent service-connected disability or that he/she
was transferred to the permanent disability retired list (the statement or
retirement orders must indicate that the disability is 10% or more).

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             600 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              March 9, 2015 Monday

Arizona: Deputy Chief, Policy/Supervisory Trial Attorney

LENGTH: 1781  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Justice has issued the following news releae:


Deputy Chief, Policy/Supervisory Trial Attorney
Criminal Division (CRM)
Fraud Section
Attorney
Washington, DC 20005
United States
15-CRM-FRD-019
About the Office:

The Fraud Section is a litigating unit that investigates and prosecutes complex,
multi-district and international white-collar criminal cases throughout the
country and implements and coordinates the Department's fraud enforcement
policy. Fraud Section cases focus on corporate, securities and investment fraud,
foreign bribery (Foreign Corrupt Practices Act), health care fraud, financial
institution and insurance fraud, mortgage fraud, procurement and government
program fraud (including fraud related to economic stimulus and recovery
programs), mass marketing fraud and other complex criminal schemes.
Job Description:

The Criminal Division, U.S. Department of Justice, is seeking a qualified,
experienced trial/policy attorney for a permanent position in the Fraud Section
located in Washington, DC.

The incumbent will serve as the Policy Deputy Chief, supervising the Section
policy initiatives and attorneys, and assisting the Chief, Principal Deputy,
Senior and Unit Deputies with national and international law enforcement efforts
to combat white-collar crime. The Policy Deputy Chief will report to a Senior
Deputy Chief, receiving guidance and direction to plan and accomplish the policy
and training work of the Section.

As a Policy Deputy Chief, the incumbent:

Oversees the work of the Unit's policy attorneys and others responsible for
policy aspects of the mission relating to combating violations of Health Care
Fraud, the Foreign Corrupt Policies Act or Securities and Financial Fraud.
Disaster fraud, financial institution fraud, identity theft, mass marketing
fraud, securities and commodities fraud and attendant working groups for all of
these topics are the incumbent's responsibility.

Assists and supports the Principal Deputy Chief and Unit Deputy Chief in the
day-to-day operations of the Section as needed, including but not limited to
providing input on budget allocation, hiring, personnel disciplinary actions,
and a wide variety of Department reporting responsibilities.

In collaboration with Section managers, helps develop and maintain the Section's
trial training effort to ensure ongoing individual and team development from a
trial perspective, identifying and correcting deficiencies, and making
recommendations on how to improve the Section's practice, working with Unit
Deputies to execute that plan.

Coordinates with Deputy Chiefs for the Fraud Section on cross-cutting programs,
cases, policy and legislative development, and training initiatives, including
recognizing opportunities for greater efficiency through combined efforts.

Assists in various Section initiatives to prosecute HCF, FCPA or SFF, which
includes investigations and prosecutions in partnership with U.S. Attorney's
Offices, and coordinate with U.S. Attorneys' Offices, federal law enforcement
agencies and foreign law enforcement officials in the development and management
of international and multi-district prosecution or policy initiatives.

Fosters effective national and global investigation and prosecution of HCF, FCPA
or SFF, including developing litigation priorities, policy and legislative
recommendations, and international efforts.
Qualifications:

Required Qualifications: All applicants must possess a J.D. degree, be duly
licensed and authorized to practice as an attorney under the laws of any State,
territory of the United States, or the District of Columbia, and have at least
seven (7) years of post J.D. legal experience. Applicants must be an active
member of the bar in good standing.

Applicants must also have one year of specialized experience at a minimum of
GS-14 grade level. Examples of specialized experience include: (a) working as a
lead attorney on felony level cases or specialized criminal litigation (i.e.
white collar, computer crime, racketeering); (b) supervising the work of
attorneys or paralegals; or (c) leading the development of a policy initiative.

Preferred Qualifications: Qualifications will be further evaluated based upon
the following:

· Experience as a criminal prosecutor.
· Knowledge of white collar criminal litigation.
· Experience in supporting, litigating, and supervising federal or state
criminal cases.
· Experience drafting policy, conducting policy workshops, advising on policy
related issues.
· Experience conducting investigations of organizations and entities, including
corporations.
Salary:
Compensation will be at the General Schedule (GS)-15 level, $126,245.00 --
158,700.00 per annum, which includes locality pay.
Travel:
Domestic and international travel may be required.
Application Process:

Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis. A list of eligible candidates
will be referred to the hiring managers every 14 days during the open period of
the announcement. The announcement may be closed at any time once all selections
are made. If you are interested in applying, it is recommended that you do so
early.

The Application Package must be received by 11:59 PM, Eastern Time, on the
closing date of this announcement.

Please submit your application through USAJOBS. The list of required documents
can be found in the USAJobs announcement.

1. If you do not already have an account, please create a USAjobs account before
applying Create an Account. You will be able to upload your resume and
supporting documents and complete your profile prior to applying.

2. Once you have an account, apply to the USAjobs vacancy:
https://www.usajobs.gov/GetJob/ViewDetails/395523000.
Application Deadline:
Friday, April 3, 2015
Relocation Expenses:
Relocation expenses are not authorized.
Number of Positions:
1
Updated March 4, 2015

*         *         *
Department Policies

Equal Employment Opportunity:  The U.S. Department of Justice is an Equal
Opportunity/Reasonable Accommodation Employer.  Except where otherwise provided
by law, there will be no discrimination because of color, race, religion,
national origin, political affiliation, marital status, disability (physical or
mental), age, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, genetic information,
status as a parent, membership or non-membership in an employee organization, on
the basis of personal favoritism, or any other non-merit factor.  The Department
of Justice welcomes and encourages applications from persons with physical and
mental disabilities. The Department is firmly committed to satisfying its
affirmative obligations under the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, to ensure that
persons with disabilities have every opportunity to be hired and advanced on the
basis of merit within the Department of Justice.

Reasonable Accommodations:  This agency provides reasonable accommodation to
applicants with disabilities where appropriate. If you need a reasonable
accommodation for any part of the application and hiring process, please notify
the agency.  Determinations on requests for reasonable accommodation will be
made on a case-by-case basis.

Outreach and Recruitment for Qualified Applicants with Disabilities:   The
Department encourages qualified applicants with disabilities, including
individuals with targeted/severe disabilities to apply in response to posted
vacancy announcements.  Qualified applicants with targeted/severe disabilities
may be eligible for direct hire, non-competitive appointment under Schedule A (5
C.F.R. § 213.3102(u)) hiring authority.  Individuals with targeted/severe
disabilities are encouraged to register for the Office of Personnel Management
(OPM) Shared List of People with Disabilities (the Bender Disability Employment
Registry) by submitting their resume to resume@benderconsult.com
Email links icon
and referencing "Federal Career Opportunities" in the subject line.  Additional
information about the Bender Registry is available at www.benderconsult.com
[external link].  Individuals with disabilities may also contact one of the
Department's Disability Points of Contact (DPOC).  See list of DPOCs.

Suitability and Citizenship:  It is the policy of the Department to achieve a
drug-free workplace and persons selected for employment will be required to pass
a drug test which screens for illegal drug use prior to final appointment.
Employment is also contingent upon the completion and satisfactory adjudication
of a background investigation. Only U.S. citizens are eligible for employment
with the Executive Office for Immigration Review and the United States
Attorneys' Offices. Unless otherwise indicated in a particular job
advertisement, non-U.S. Citizens may apply for employment with other
organizations, but should be advised that appointments of non-U.S. Citizens are
extremely rare; such appointments would be possible only if necessary to
accomplish the Department's mission and would be subject to strict security
requirements.  Applicants who hold dual citizenship in the U.S. and another
country will be considered on a case-by-case basis.

Veterans:  There is no formal rating system for applying veterans' preference to
attorney appointments in the excepted service; however, the Department of
Justice considers veterans' preference eligibility as a positive factor in
attorney hiring. Applicants eligible for veterans' preference must include that
information in their cover letter or resume and attach supporting documentation
(e.g., the DD 214, Certificate of Release or Discharge from Active Duty and
other supporting documentation) to their submissions. Although the "point"
system is not used, per se, applicants eligible to claim 10-point preference
must submit Standard Form (SF) 15, Application for 10-Point Veteran Preference,
and submit the supporting documentation required for the specific type of
preference claimed (visit the OPM website, www.opm.gov/forms/pdf_fill/SF15.pdf
for a copy of SF 15, which lists the types of 10-point preferences and the
required supporting document(s). Applicants should note that SF 15 requires
supporting documentation associated with service- connected disabilities or
receipt of nonservice-connected disability pensions to be dated 1991 or later
except in the case of service members submitting official statements or
retirement orders from a branch of the Armed Forces showing that his  or her
retirement was due to a permanent service-connected disability or that he/she
was transferred to the permanent disability retired list (the statement or
retirement orders must indicate that the disability is 10% or more).
In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             601 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 5, 2015 Thursday

Arizona: Deputy Chief, Policy/Supervisory Trial Attorney

LENGTH: 1781  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Justice has issued the following news release:

Deputy Chief, Policy/Supervisory Trial Attorney
Criminal Division (CRM)
Fraud Section
Attorney
Washington, DC 20005
United States
15-CRM-FRD-019
About the Office:

The Fraud Section is a litigating unit that investigates and prosecutes complex,
multi-district and international white-collar criminal cases throughout the
country and implements and coordinates the Department's fraud enforcement
policy. Fraud Section cases focus on corporate, securities and investment fraud,
foreign bribery (Foreign Corrupt Practices Act), health care fraud, financial
institution and insurance fraud, mortgage fraud, procurement and government
program fraud (including fraud related to economic stimulus and recovery
programs), mass marketing fraud and other complex criminal schemes.
Job Description:

The Criminal Division, U.S. Department of Justice, is seeking a qualified,
experienced trial/policy attorney for a permanent position in the Fraud Section
located in Washington, DC.

The incumbent will serve as the Policy Deputy Chief, supervising the Section
policy initiatives and attorneys, and assisting the Chief, Principal Deputy,
Senior and Unit Deputies with national and international law enforcement efforts
to combat white-collar crime. The Policy Deputy Chief will report to a Senior
Deputy Chief, receiving guidance and direction to plan and accomplish the policy
and training work of the Section.

As a Policy Deputy Chief, the incumbent:

Oversees the work of the Unit's policy attorneys and others responsible for
policy aspects of the mission relating to combating violations of Health Care
Fraud, the Foreign Corrupt Policies Act or Securities and Financial Fraud.
Disaster fraud, financial institution fraud, identity theft, mass marketing
fraud, securities and commodities fraud and attendant working groups for all of
these topics are the incumbent's responsibility.

Assists and supports the Principal Deputy Chief and Unit Deputy Chief in the
day-to-day operations of the Section as needed, including but not limited to
providing input on budget allocation, hiring, personnel disciplinary actions,
and a wide variety of Department reporting responsibilities.

In collaboration with Section managers, helps develop and maintain the Section's
trial training effort to ensure ongoing individual and team development from a
trial perspective, identifying and correcting deficiencies, and making
recommendations on how to improve the Section's practice, working with Unit
Deputies to execute that plan.

Coordinates with Deputy Chiefs for the Fraud Section on cross-cutting programs,
cases, policy and legislative development, and training initiatives, including
recognizing opportunities for greater efficiency through combined efforts.

Assists in various Section initiatives to prosecute HCF, FCPA or SFF, which
includes investigations and prosecutions in partnership with U.S. Attorney's
Offices, and coordinate with U.S. Attorneys' Offices, federal law enforcement
agencies and foreign law enforcement officials in the development and management
of international and multi-district prosecution or policy initiatives.

Fosters effective national and global investigation and prosecution of HCF, FCPA
or SFF, including developing litigation priorities, policy and legislative
recommendations, and international efforts.
Qualifications:

Required Qualifications: All applicants must possess a J.D. degree, be duly
licensed and authorized to practice as an attorney under the laws of any State,
territory of the United States, or the District of Columbia, and have at least
seven (7) years of post J.D. legal experience. Applicants must be an active
member of the bar in good standing.

Applicants must also have one year of specialized experience at a minimum of
GS-14 grade level. Examples of specialized experience include: (a) working as a
lead attorney on felony level cases or specialized criminal litigation (i.e.
white collar, computer crime, racketeering); (b) supervising the work of
attorneys or paralegals; or (c) leading the development of a policy initiative.

Preferred Qualifications: Qualifications will be further evaluated based upon
the following:

· Experience as a criminal prosecutor.
· Knowledge of white collar criminal litigation.
· Experience in supporting, litigating, and supervising federal or state
criminal cases.
· Experience drafting policy, conducting policy workshops, advising on policy
related issues.
· Experience conducting investigations of organizations and entities, including
corporations.
Salary:
Compensation will be at the General Schedule (GS)-15 level, $126,245.00 --
158,700.00 per annum, which includes locality pay.
Travel:
Domestic and international travel may be required.
Application Process:

Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis. A list of eligible candidates
will be referred to the hiring managers every 14 days during the open period of
the announcement. The announcement may be closed at any time once all selections
are made. If you are interested in applying, it is recommended that you do so
early.

The Application Package must be received by 11:59 PM, Eastern Time, on the
closing date of this announcement.

Please submit your application through USAJOBS. The list of required documents
can be found in the USAJobs announcement.

1. If you do not already have an account, please create a USAjobs account before
applying Create an Account. You will be able to upload your resume and
supporting documents and complete your profile prior to applying.

2. Once you have an account, apply to the USAjobs vacancy:
https://www.usajobs.gov/GetJob/ViewDetails/395523000.
Application Deadline:
Friday, April 3, 2015
Relocation Expenses:
Relocation expenses are not authorized.
Number of Positions:
1
Updated March 4, 2015

*         *         *
Department Policies

Equal Employment Opportunity:  The U.S. Department of Justice is an Equal
Opportunity/Reasonable Accommodation Employer.  Except where otherwise provided
by law, there will be no discrimination because of color, race, religion,
national origin, political affiliation, marital status, disability (physical or
mental), age, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, genetic information,
status as a parent, membership or non-membership in an employee organization, on
the basis of personal favoritism, or any other non-merit factor.  The Department
of Justice welcomes and encourages applications from persons with physical and
mental disabilities. The Department is firmly committed to satisfying its
affirmative obligations under the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, to ensure that
persons with disabilities have every opportunity to be hired and advanced on the
basis of merit within the Department of Justice.

Reasonable Accommodations:  This agency provides reasonable accommodation to
applicants with disabilities where appropriate. If you need a reasonable
accommodation for any part of the application and hiring process, please notify
the agency.  Determinations on requests for reasonable accommodation will be
made on a case-by-case basis.

Outreach and Recruitment for Qualified Applicants with Disabilities:   The
Department encourages qualified applicants with disabilities, including
individuals with targeted/severe disabilities to apply in response to posted
vacancy announcements.  Qualified applicants with targeted/severe disabilities
may be eligible for direct hire, non-competitive appointment under Schedule A (5
C.F.R. § 213.3102(u)) hiring authority.  Individuals with targeted/severe
disabilities are encouraged to register for the Office of Personnel Management
(OPM) Shared List of People with Disabilities (the Bender Disability Employment
Registry) by submitting their resume to resume@benderconsult.com
Email links icon
and referencing "Federal Career Opportunities" in the subject line.  Additional
information about the Bender Registry is available at www.benderconsult.com
[external link].  Individuals with disabilities may also contact one of the
Department's Disability Points of Contact (DPOC).  See list of DPOCs.

Suitability and Citizenship:  It is the policy of the Department to achieve a
drug-free workplace and persons selected for employment will be required to pass
a drug test which screens for illegal drug use prior to final appointment.
Employment is also contingent upon the completion and satisfactory adjudication
of a background investigation. Only U.S. citizens are eligible for employment
with the Executive Office for Immigration Review and the United States
Attorneys' Offices. Unless otherwise indicated in a particular job
advertisement, non-U.S. Citizens may apply for employment with other
organizations, but should be advised that appointments of non-U.S. Citizens are
extremely rare; such appointments would be possible only if necessary to
accomplish the Department's mission and would be subject to strict security
requirements.  Applicants who hold dual citizenship in the U.S. and another
country will be considered on a case-by-case basis.

Veterans:  There is no formal rating system for applying veterans' preference to
attorney appointments in the excepted service; however, the Department of
Justice considers veterans' preference eligibility as a positive factor in
attorney hiring. Applicants eligible for veterans' preference must include that
information in their cover letter or resume and attach supporting documentation
(e.g., the DD 214, Certificate of Release or Discharge from Active Duty and
other supporting documentation) to their submissions. Although the "point"
system is not used, per se, applicants eligible to claim 10-point preference
must submit Standard Form (SF) 15, Application for 10-Point Veteran Preference,
and submit the supporting documentation required for the specific type of
preference claimed (visit the OPM website, www.opm.gov/forms/pdf_fill/SF15.pdf
for a copy of SF 15, which lists the types of 10-point preferences and the
required supporting document(s). Applicants should note that SF 15 requires
supporting documentation associated with service- connected disabilities or
receipt of nonservice-connected disability pensions to be dated 1991 or later
except in the case of service members submitting official statements or
retirement orders from a branch of the Armed Forces showing that his  or her
retirement was due to a permanent service-connected disability or that he/she
was transferred to the permanent disability retired list (the statement or
retirement orders must indicate that the disability is 10% or more).

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             602 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Anniston Star (Alabama)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           December 1, 2016 Thursday

EDITORIAL: Fact-free claims of voter fraud in America

BYLINE: The Anniston Star, Ala.

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 458 words


Dec. 01--Widespread voter fraud in American elections, particularly national
ones, is nothing more than an alarmist headline. Facts and truth show the way.

That, however, doesn't stop people like President-elect Donald Trump and U.S.
Rep. Mo Brooks, R-Huntsville, from pushing the false notion that American
elections can be stolen and that throngs of ineligible voters cast ballots last
month on Election Day.

This week, Brooks took to the floor of the U.S. House of Representatives and
delivered a five-minute speech detailing these claims and calling the media to
task for, in his view, ignoring the facts and offering voter-fraud reports that
support Democratic Party talking points. He's hardly the first GOP politician to
make that claim.

But Brooks also said this:

"We will never know for sure if hundreds of thousands or millions of noncitizens
voted in the 2016 elections."

Well, wrong.

On Thursday, The Washington Post reported that there had been only four
documented cases of voter fraud in this year's presidential election. More than
135 million voters went to the polls on Nov. 8, and to date there are only four
documented cases of fraud -- none of which, according to The Post, furthered the
xenophobic nature of Republicans' claims that undocumented people are the
catalyst for these so-called instances of election-day fraud.

The four cases included: a woman in Iowa who voted twice; a man in Texas who
voted twice; a woman in Illinois who voted for her deceased husband; and a woman
in Florida who marked absentee ballots as she counted them. (She marked the
ballots for a mayoral candidate, not the president's race.)

None of that lines up with Brooks' outlandish claim that "hundreds of thousands
or millions of noncitizens" may have corrupted this year's elections --
elections in which Republican candidates by and large did very well.

And none of that lines up with Trump's recent Twitter claim that "In addition to
winning the Electoral College in a landslide, I won the popular vote if you
deduct the millions of people who voted illegally." The president-elect's tweet
didn't include proof of said voter fraud because there isn't any. "In reality,
studies have consistently shown that voter fraud is nowhere near common enough
to call into question millions and millions of votes," Politico.com wrote in its
fact-checking of Trump's claim.

Republicans in Washington, including the president-elect himself, have much more
important issues to tackle than voter fraud. The country will be better off when
they drop this xenophobic obsession and move on to something based in truth.

___ (c)2016 The Anniston Star (Anniston, Ala.) Visit The Anniston Star
(Anniston, Ala.) at www.annistonstar.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency,
LLC.

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20161201-AO-EDITORIAL-Fact-free-claims-of-voter-fraud
-in-America-1201-20161201

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AO


                        Copyright 2016 The Anniston Star


                             603 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 16, 2014 Thursday

Alabama: Three Convicted of Conspiracy to Defraud Gulf Oil Spill Fund

LENGTH: 764  words

DATELINE: Montgomery


United States Attorney's Office for the Northern District of Alabama has issued
the following press release:

A federal jury on Monday convicted three people of conspiracy and fraud for
their family run scheme to steal more than $3 million from the claims fund
established by British Petroleum for victims of the 2010 Deepwater Horizon oil
spill, announced U.S. Attorney Joyce White Vance and FBI Special Agent in Charge
Richard D. Schwein Jr.

Following a two-week trial before U.S. District Judge Sharon Lovelace Blackburn,
the jury deliberated about seven hours and returned guilty verdicts on all 55
counts against MARCELLA TRUSS, 53, her husband, MARTEE DAVIS, 42, both of Grand
Bay, Ala., and Marcella Truss' brother, HOWARD LENARD CARROWAY, 42, of Mobile.
Sentencing dates have not been set.

All three were convicted of conspiracy to commit wire and mail fraud occurring
between August 2010 and December 2011 for filing false claims with the Gulf
Coast Claims Facility. Evidence at trial showed the oil spill fund paid almost
$2 million on the fraudulent claims. The jury also convicted Truss, Davis and
Carroway of aggravated identity theft in carrying out the scheme.

The jury convicted Truss on 31 counts of wire fraud for submitting, or causing
to be submitted, false claims to the GCCF and on one count of mail fraud related
to a check received as part of the scheme. Davis was convicted on three wire
fraud counts.

Truss and Davis were convicted of laundering money stolen from the GCCF.
Carroway was convicted on two counts of obstructing justice for telling recruits
in the scheme to lie to prosecutors. He also was convicted on five wire fraud
counts.

BP owned the Macondo Oil Well where the Deepwater Horizon drilling rig exploded
in 2010. BP established the GCCF in June 2010 to administer and settle claims
made against the company by individuals or business for losses, damages or other
costs resulting from the massive oil spill.
"The people convicted Monday saw a disaster that harmed the Gulf of Mexico, much
of its coastline and thousands of people, and their choice was to exploit the
disaster and steal from the fund intended to help its victims," Vance said. "We
place a high priority on investigating and prosecuting fraud related to natural
and man-made disasters to ensure that funds available to help victims of those
tragedies do not fall into the hands of criminals," she said.

"Those who seek to scam benefits intended for honest citizens genuinely affected
by disasters can expect the FBI to be right behind them, and ultimately to face
the same result as those convicted today," said Schwein.

Truss, Davis and Carroway originally were charged along with two other people,
Truss' son, Robert Truss III, 26, of Houston, and Cedric Dion Ravizee, 37, of
Birmingham. Robert Truss pleaded guilty in August to conspiracy, money
laundering, wire fraud and mail fraud. Ravizee pleaded guilty in June to one
count of wire fraud.

This week's guilty verdicts bring to 20 the number of people convicted in the
Northern District of Alabama on charges related to the scheme to defraud the
GCCF. Marcella and Robert Truss, Davis and Carroway recruited the 16 other
defendants to provide personal information that was used to file false claims.
Those recruited then received claim payments and provided a portion of the
payments to the ringleaders.

All of the claims falsely stated that the individual had worked for a company
called Built by Request and had lost wages because of the Deepwater Horizon
incident. Marcella Truss owned BBR and dissolved the company after the scheme
played out.

The maximum penalty for conspiracy is five years in prison and a $250,000 fine.
The maximum penalty for wire fraud and mail fraud is 20 years in prison and a
$250,000 fine. The penalty for aggravated identity theft is two years in prison
added to any sentence imposed for the underlying felony. The maximum penalty for
obstruction of justice is 20 years in prison and a $250,000 fine.

The money-laundering charge for which Davis was convicted carries a maximum
penalty of 20 years in prison and a maximum fine of $500,000, or twice the value
of the money involved in the crime, whichever is greater. The money-laundering
charge for which Marcella Truss was convicted carries a maximum penalty of 10
years in prison and $250,000 fine.

The FBI investigated this case. Assistant U.S. Attorneys Henry Cornelius,
Jacquelyn M. Hutzell and Xavier O. Carter are prosecuting the case.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             604 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                       July 8, 2004 Thursday CITY EDITION

FINANCIER KLINE GETS 2ND SENTENCE REDUCTION

SECTION: BUSINESS; REGIONAL; Pg. C2

LENGTH: 739 words


George Kline, a key figure in an insider trading and securities fraud
conspiracy, had his sentence lowered Wednesday in U.S. District Court to more
than three years in prison. Kline, 68, of Bloomington and Scottsdale, Ariz., was
originally sentenced in April 2003 to 6 1/2 years in prison. He appealed that
sentence and his penalty was later reduced by one year. On Wednesday, his
sentence was lowered again -- to three years and two months in prison -- because
Kline assisted the government in investigations of others tied to the scheme.
Kline pleaded guilty in July 2001 to one count of conspiracy to commit
securities fraud and mail fraud, two counts of securities fraud, two counts of
mail fraud, one count of engaging in short sales of companies he served as a
director, and one count of money laundering. At his plea hearing, he admitted he
was the central figure in an insider-trading conspiracy that began in October
1995. Kline has already paid restitution of more than $250,000 and forfeited
assets totaling more than $4 million.

St. Paul Travelers' asbestos plan OK'd

St. Paul Travelers Co.'s proposal to pay $500 million to victims of
asbestos-related diseases passed its first test this week when a U.S. judge said
no objections were raised over the amount of the settlement. The pact would be
one of the largest payments ever made by an insurance company to settle
asbestos-related lawsuits. The lawsuits were filed against Travelers Property
Casualty Corp. prior to the Hartford, Conn.-based Travelers merger with The St.
Paul Cos. in April. Travelers insured Johns-Manville Corp., which no longer
exists, for more than 30 years while Johns-Manville produced and sold asbestos.
Asbestos causes asbestosis, a chronic, progressive lung disease.

ADM will expand output in Mankato

Archer Daniels Midland Co., the world's largest grain processor, said it is
expanding production capacity at its plant in Mankato, Minn., and three other
oilseed plants at a time of rising demand and prices for livestock feed and
vegetable oil. Expansion at plants in Mankato; Des Moines, Iowa; Lincoln, Neb.;
and Enderlin, N.D., will be completed by September next year, Decatur,
Ill.-based ADM said. Total capacity for Archer Daniels won't change, spokesman
Dwight Grimestad said. The company is shifting work from less-efficient plants,
including those it closed in the past year.

TriVirix buys more Medtronic plants

TriVirix International, a Durham, N.C., medical device contract manufacturer,
said it has purchased Fridley-based Medtronic's manufacturing facilities in Salt
Lake City and Copenhagen. Terms weren't disclosed. The operations service
Medtronic's urology, gastroenterology and neurology diagnostic products
businesses. Under the agreement, TriVirix said it will provide product
development and manufacturing services to Medtronic. TriVirix in 2002 bought
Medtronic's Milaca, Minn., plant.

Insider trades: Medtronic Inc.: Jeffrey Balagna, vice president, sold 1,695
shares June 21 at $49.48 per share; holds 22,350 shares. Stephen Mahle, vice
president, sold 16,000 shares June 25 at $48.78-$48.89 per share; option
related; holds 250,888 shares. Robert Ryan, chief financial officer, sold 45,280
shares June 28 at $48.15 per share; option related; holds 38,313 shares.

Select Comfort Corp.: Mark Simball, vice president, sold 2,000 shares June 24 at
$28.17 per share; option related; holds 26,028 shares. James Raabe, chief
financial officer, sold 2,000 shares June 24 at $27.75 per share; option
related; holds 39,846 shares.

Winmark Corp.: Ronald Olson, beneficial owner, sold 5,000 shares June 9 at $25
per share; holds 1,145,718 shares.

Winnebago Industries: Frederick Zimmerman, director, sold 500 shares June 25 at
$37.40 per share and sold 500 shares July 1 at $37.02-$37.03 per share; holds
2,500 shares. Robert Gossett, vice president, sold 2,289 shares June 24 at
$37.85-$37.90 per share; and sold 4,000 shares July 1 at $37.25 per share;
option related; holds 13,356 shares. Gerald Kitch, director, sold 2,000 shares
June 30 at $37.16-$37.17 per share; option related; holds 18,000 shares.

Trading of company stock reported to the Securities and Exchange Commission,
according to Bloomberg News; holdings include only common shares owned and do
not include stock warrants or options.

-- Staff and wire reports

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                     Copyright 2004 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             605 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Erie Times-News (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 16, 2009 Sunday

Scammer reports to prison

BYLINE: Kevin Flowers, Erie Times-News, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 297 words


Aug. 16--Keith A. Rice, sentenced to prison in relation to a widespread Erie
mortgage-fraud scam, has started serving his federal prison term.

Rice, 50, on Tuesday reported to the minimum-security Federal Medical Center in
Devens, Mass., according to Federal Bureau of Prison records.

Located about 40 miles west of Boston, Devens is a prison facility that houses
male inmates who require special medical or mental-health care.

Court records in the fraud case indicate that Rice has a number of health
problems, including arthritis, colitis and sleep apnea.

U.S. District Judge Sean J. McLauglin in June sentenced Rice to 13 months in
prison.

Rice, of Harborcreek Township, pleaded guilty in March to the felony of
conspiracy to commit mail fraud, wire fraud and bank fraud. He is a former
employee of a now-defunct local mortgage office, Regal Financial Services.

The government claimed Rice was part of a scheme in which he and others bought
run-down houses and sold them at fraudulently inflated prices.

Most of the buyers were low-income and knew little about buying homes, the
government said. The government said the victims, which included homeowners and
lenders, collectively lost more than $1 million in the fraud.

Five people were charged in the case. Each defendant pleaded guilty and is
serving a federal prison sentence.

KEVIN FLOWERS can be reached at 870-1693 or by e-mail.

To see more of the Erie Times-News, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.GoErie.com. Copyright (c) 2009, Erie Times-News, Pa. Distributed by
McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: August 16, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090816-EI-Scammer-reports-to-prison-0816

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EI


                         Copyright 2009 Erie Times-News


                             606 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                November 12, 1996, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

Accountants Are Expected To Adopt New Fraud Rule

BYLINE: By REED ABELSON

SECTION: Section D;  Page 2;  Column 5;  Business/Financial Desk

LENGTH: 804 words


In an attempt to bolster the public's confidence in financial audits, its
version of the Good Housekeeping seal of approval, the accounting industry is
expected to adopt today a new standard aimed at clarifying the auditor's role in
detecting fraud. The new rule was developed in response to concern that
accountants were not doing enough to uncover whether a company was cooking the
books or if its employees were stealing from it.

While its authors say that the new rule will not make outside auditors any more
responsible for finding fraud in financial statements than they are already, it
does attempt to lay out more explicitly what auditors must do to try to discover
such fraud.

"There was a fuzziness in understanding their overall responsibilities," said
David L. Landsittel, a partner at Arthur Andersen and chairman of the American
Institute of Certified Public Accountants' Fraud Task Force, which has worked
since late 1993 to develop a new set of guidelines. "We had not defined what it
takes to meet that responsibility."

The rule, which would be the first auditing standard to directly address the
issue of fraud, requires auditors to assess the risk of fraud, makes them
document how they responded to those risks and emphasizes the need for
"professional skepticism" in dealing with clients. It applies to the audited
statements for both public and private companies as well as government agencies
and not-for-profit organizations.

"It's not that audits were done carelessly or irresponsibly, but there was not a
clear understanding," said Edmund R. Noonan, a partner at KPMG Peat Marwick who
is the chairman of the A.I.C.P.A.'s Auditing Standards Board, which is expected
to approve the new standard at a meeting in New York today. If it is passed, the
new rule would affect all financial statements dated on or after Dec. 15, 1997.

The new standard makes it clear that auditors must not only report fraud but
also search for it, according to Roman Weil, a professor of accounting at the
University of Chicago Graduate School of Business. The profession, "bleeding for
a decade" after the courts kept finding accountants liable when they did not
find fraud, has reacted by developing a standard that recognizes that
responsibility, he said.

Users of financial statements, who range from investors to bank loan officers,
have also typically expected an auditor to sniff out fraud and have increasingly
criticized the industry for falling short. While accountants emphasize that an
audit does not guarantee that a company's financial statements are free of
material misstatements, the new rule is an attempt to address the gap between
what auditors view as their responsibility and what the public expects from
them. "It is an endeavor by us to bolster our actual performance and to deserve
that trust and confidence," Mr. Noonan said.

To help auditors determine what kind of risks they must consider, the standard
offers examples of more than 30 different risk factors such as a management with
a history of securities fraud or a company with a compensation package that
rewards managers handsomely for achieving aggressive performance targets.
Auditors must also document in their working papers, which are not typically
available to the public, how they evaluated those risks and what actions they
took in response, such as whether they assigned more experienced accountants to
conduct the audit or required additional documentation.

The hope is that by making sure auditors understand what they need to do,
accountants will be able to discover fraud before it hits the headlines.
According to a 1994 survey by KPMG, which asked about all types of fraud,
including fraud in financial statements, external auditors were responsible for
discovering only 5 percent of the cases.

At the very least, the new rule should result in a more consistent approach
among auditors to finding fraud, according to Susan Bies, an executive vice
president of the First Tennessee National Corporation and a member of the
Committee on Corporate Reporting for the Financial Executives Institute, which
supports the new standard.

Although the industry has traditionally been wary of any new rule that might
increase its potential liability, the new standard is not expected to result in
more lawsuits. "Our view is this will not exacerbate the liability problem; this
will help us detect more fraud," said Dan M. Guy, vice president of professional
standards and technical services for the A.I.C.P.A.

But there has been some concern that the new standard will result in higher fees
paid to auditors, who may now spend more time and effort looking over a
company's books and operations. "It's going to range widely, from a very modest
price increase to significant," Mr. Noonan said.

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1996 The New York Times Company


                             607 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                July 2, 1987, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

5 Guilty in Fraud Involving Self-Chilling Can

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section D; Page 15, Column 4; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 330 words

DATELINE: NEWARK, July 1


Five people were convicted on conspiracy charges today in a stock fraud
involving a bogus company that said it had created a self-chilling beverage can.
The authorities said investors had been bilked of about $2.4 million.

A Federal jury deliberated seven hours over two days before returning the
verdict in the six-week trial.

The defendants were among 14 people named in a September 1986 indictment
contending that a fictional company called Laser Arms was set up by Marshall
Zolp. Eight other defendants in the original indictment had previously pleaded
guilty.

According to the Government, Mr. Zolp and his co-conspirators staged a New York
City news conference, with one defendant posing as president to introduce the
self-chilling can.

Mr. Zolp did not stand trial, and his status has not been publicly disclosed.
Defense attorneys said they believed he had pleaded guilty in exchange for his
cooperation.

The five people convicted today included George Livieratos, 50 years old, of
East Orange, N.J. Mr. Livieratos, who had posed as the president of Laser Arms,
was found guilty of conspiracy to commit securities fraud and wire fraud.

Barbara Baker, 50, and Vincent Castellano, 46, self-described
promoter-publicists, both of Alpine, N.J., were convicted of conspiracy to
obstruct justice and obstruction of justice.

Morton Berger, 59, an attorney from Spring Valley, N.Y., was convicted of the
same two counts as Ms. Baker and Mr. Castellano for trying to cover up the phony
corporate transaction that transferred the company from Mr. Zolp to them.

Robert Dean Boose of Passaic was found guilty of conspiracy to commit securities
fraud but acquitted of a wire fraud count.

He faces five years in prison; the others face 10-year terms. Sentencing was set
for July 20, and the defendants' lawyers said they planned appeals.

United States District Judge Alfred J. Lechner revoked bail on all of the
defendants except Mr. Boose, who was freed on $4,000 bail.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1987 The New York Times Company


                             608 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  June 11, 1991, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

Business and Health;
Detecting Fraud In Medical Claims

BYLINE: By Glenn Kramon

SECTION: Section D; Page 2; Column 1; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 770 words

DATELINE: SAN FRANCISCO


BLUE SHIELD of California has stepped up its efforts to detect fraudulent
medical claims, and what it has uncovered will probably be distressing to those
paying the bills, whether employers or individuals.

The big insurer has turned up a wide variety of abuses; what follows is a
sampling of those it calls typical:

*Two identical bills with the letterheads of two hospitals in Nigeria -- each
from patients seeking reimbursement of $9,800 for treatment of "severe left-side
lobar pneumonia" between April 25 and May 25, 1990. An amazing coincidence? Even
more amazing is that the patients claiming to have been treated -- both
Americans -- lived in Oakland.

*More than 22,000 bills in 1990, each for anything from $125 to $2,300, from
clinics working out of vans or temporary offices. These "rolling labs" use
telephone salespeople to recruit patients -- only those with health insurance,
of course -- for free "preventive care" in the form of diagnostic tests. Then,
falsely claiming to have detected some illness, the clinics bill for all kinds
of tests.

*A wide practice of listing an incorrect diagnosis, knowing that insurance will
not cover the correct one. The most common violation is the routine preventive
checkup at which some malady is fabricated. Another kind is disguising cosmetic
treatments as necessary rehabilitation, like claiming a nose job was necessary
because of injuries from a nonexistent car accident.

Blue Shield likes the story of the Los Angeles woman who filed an $8,800 claim
for her time in a Swiss spa, claiming six questionable symptoms including high
cholesterol and recovery from nose reconstruction. Louis L. Lovato, the Blue
Shield executive in charge of the fraud unit here, now makes a habit of perusing
the annual fitness issue of Los Angeles magazine. He looks for ads for
treatments of varicose veins, breast enlargement, cellulite massage and other
procedures -- particularly those claiming "covered by most insurance."

Also disturbing to Blue Shield is that it still misses many such improper or
outright fraudulent claims. It says that it saved $9.2 million in 1990 on $1.2
billion in bills paid -- not even 1 percent -- but that as many as 3 percent of
claims may be fraudulent. What is more, in the past many illegitimate claims
were detected by accident. For example, the Nigerian claims were spotted only
because of an anonymous letter informing Blue Shield that one of the customers
had not been to Nigeria for treatment and planned to share whatever the insurer
paid with a doctor there who had opened a fake file.

Recognizing the cost of fraud, Blue Shield and other insurers nationwide are
attacking the problem more aggressively. All told, clear-cut cases of fraud
could amount to 2 percent to 5 percent of the $750 billion national health-care
bill, or $15 billion to $37.5 billion, said R. James Guzzi, director of security
for health claims at the Travelers Companies and a former chairman of the
National Health-Care Anti-Fraud Association, a Washington-based trade group.
That number is thought to be less, possibly much less, than the much-debated
amount spent on medical treatments that are inappropriate and unnecessary -- the
focus of much insurance-company attention in recent years. But it is still a
huge number.

The heightened efforts against fraud include the installation of software that
flags suspicious claims, not only by patients but also by doctors, clinics and
hospitals. Mr. Lovato of Blue Shield cites as examples claims that list a Sunday
or holiday for non-emergency surgery, and ones submitted by doctors who far
exceed the norm in the number of tests they perform.

The insurance companies have also set up hot lines that people suspecting fraud
can call. And, at meetings of the fraud association, they are comparing notes on
new patterns of fraud. They convey that information to their claims processors.

In the past, about three-quarters of the fraud detected involved patients, and
about a quarter the medical provider. Now, as insurers become better at
detecting the more sophisticated schemes involving providers, the ratio has been
reversed, said Mr. Guzzi and James L. Garcia, director of Aetna's health plans.
But they and other fraud specialists note that the vast majority of providers do
not commit serious fraud.

Finally, insurers are trying to teach the people they insure that such fraud
drives up the cost of health care, which in turn forces insurers to raise
premiums and lower benefits. "If you don't pull out the weeds," Mr. Garcia said,
"they will suffocate the rest of your garden."

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 1991

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Drawing

                   Copyright 1991 The New York Times Company


                             609 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Pueblo Business Journal (Pueblo, CO)

                             March 12, 2004 Friday

Seminar by Denver-based Pinnacol Assurance teaches employers, residents how to
fight fraud

BYLINE: William Dagendesh

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 616 words


Each year fraud costs employers billions of dollars in claimant, medical
provider and workers' compensation claims, all of which can be avoided,
according to Walter Kirkwood, director of fraud prevention and detection for
Denver-based Pinnacol Assurance.

Kirkwood shared his views Wednesday during a seminar designed to assist
employers with identifying fraud and determining ways to avoid being a victim of
scams.

City leaders, business owners and residents attended the seminar at Pueblo
Community College's Fortino Ballroom. Pueblo Partnership, a Workers'
Compensation Safety Group partnership between the Latino Chamber of Commerce of
Pueblo, Pinnacol Assurance, SCA Insurance and Peoples Insurance Agency, hosted
the seminar.

Kirkwood has worked on more than 2,500 worker's compensation fraud cases during
his more than 20 years of investigations. He said that by working together
employers and claims representatives can reduce the opportunity for fraud to
occur and can have a positive impact on employees.

According to Kirkwood, worker's compensation fraud is the biggest problem,
although claimant fraud commands the most attention. He said lower back, spinal
and soft tissue injuries comprise most of these claims.

"Statistics show that Colorado last year received about 7,000 calls from
auditors, underwriters and anonymous persons providing information about a
possible fraudulent case," Kirkwood said.

The economy may be a contributing factor, he said, but it is not the only reason
for fraud. Kirkwood aid his firm identifies one fraud case per every 150 - a
figure that has held steady for several years.

Kirkwood said the Washington, D.C.-based Coalition Against Insurance Fraud
reported $85 billion in insurance fraud losses in 2003. He said Medicaid and
Medicare deal with many of these claims.

"I would like to say fraud is on the decrease but, regrettably, I can't," he
said. Prior to the seminar, ABC's "Good Morning America" aired a report about
workers' compensation fraud, explaining how surveillance teams exposed fraud and
that claimants have been ordered to make restitution.

"The fraud claimant is their own worst enemy as they present themselves in a
manner that raises suspicion about their claim," Kirkwood said. "For example,
someone may say they know of a person collecting workers' compensation for a
back injury but that they saw that person riding a bicycle. Observing someone
leaving the doctor's office in a wheelchair and spotting that person put their
wheelchair in the trunk of a car is another example.

"Also someone may see a supposedly injured person dancing when they know such
recreation would be harmful to their condition. We even caught a gentleman
counting money after claiming he had been suffering from a head injury.
Realizing that an injured party isn't recovering as fast as expected also raises
suspicion."

Kirkwood said a person can use an unsafe working environment as a basis for a
claim. He said it is the employer's responsibility to see that this doesn't
happen and to reduce the opportunity for fraud to occur.

"Posting signs, telling employees the company won't tolerate fraud and what the
company is doing to combat this problem is a good way for employers can help
reduce the opportunity for this crime to exist in their work place," Kirkwood
said.

Everyone has the power to safeguard themselves against fraudulent activity, he
said, but employers must take the first step to ensure that they don't become a
target.

"Fraud can happen to anyone, anywhere and at anytime," Kirkwood said. "We can
provide the learning tools, but it's up to you to use those tools and make it
work for you."

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: New services

                      Copyright 2004 Dolan Media Newswire


                             610 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 24, 2014 Thursday

Washington: Five Charged in Identity Theft Scheme with Thousands of Victims

LENGTH: 602  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

Five individuals from around the United States have been indicted by a federal
grand jury in Erie on charges of conspiracy to commit wire fraud and aggravated
identity theft, United States Attorney David J. Hickton announced today.

The 13-count superseding indictment, returned on April 8, 2014, named:

Doherty Kushimo, 52, of Providence, Rhode Island;
 Saburi Adeyemi, 56, of Memphis, Tennessee;
 Abiodun Bakre, 49, Ozone Park, New York;
 Adetunji Gbadegeshi, 57, of Queens, New York; and
 Adebola Mejule, 54, of Hempstead, New York, as defendants.

"We are making significant progress in our efforts to uncover identity fraud and
protect citizens from criminals who steal their personal information and steal
their money," stated U.S. Attorney Hickton. "We have dismantled a massive stolen
identity ring that involved thousands of victims and tens of millions of dollars
in losses."

"Investigating refund fraud and identity theft is a top priority for
IRS-Criminal Investigation and perhaps one of our most intense challenges,"
according to IRS-CI Special Agent in Charge Akeia Conner. "Individuals who
commit refund fraud and identity theft of this magnitude deserve to be punished
to the fullest extent of the law."

"The use of the Internet for criminal purposes is one of the most critical
challenges facing the FBI and law enforcement in general," added Patrick Fallon,
Assistant Special Agent in Charge of the FBI. "In order to combat Internet fraud
, it is essential for law enforcement officers not only to understand and use
the Internet but also to join forces. This case illustrates the benefits of law
enforcement and private industry, around the world, working together in
partnership on computer crime investigations."

According to the superseding indictment presented to the court, the five
defendants conspired to commit wire fraud by submitting fraudulent federal tax
returns in the names of individuals whose identities the conspirators stole. The
conspirators then opened bank accounts using other stolen identities and used
those accounts as repositories for their fraudulently obtained federal tax
refunds. The conspirators obtained stolen identity information on the Internet
and then traded that information among themselves using e-mail accounts and
other means of communication. All told, the indictment alleges that
approximately $21 million in fraudulent tax refunds was sought from the IRS by
the conspirators, causing the IRS to pay approximately $10 million in fraudulent
refunds.

The law provides for a maximum total sentence of 20 years in prison for Saburi
Adeyemi, Adetunji Gbadegeshi, and Adebola Mejule. Doherty Kushimo faces 38 years
in prison and Abiodun Bakre faces 36 years in prison. All five defendants are
subject to a maximum fine of $250,000 or twice the amount of loss to the
victims. Under the Federal Sentencing Guidelines, the actual sentence imposed
would be based upon the seriousness of the offenses and the prior criminal
history, if any, of the defendants.

For more information about identity theft, please visit www.irs.gov or
www.justice.gov.

Assistant United States Attorney Christian A. Trabold is prosecuting this case
on behalf of the government.

The Federal Bureau of Investigation and the Internal Revenue Service-Criminal
Investigation conducted the investigation leading to the indictment in this
case.

An indictment or information is an accusation. A defendant is presumed innocent
unless and until proven guilty.

For more information please visit: http://www.fbi.gov

LOAD-DATE: April 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             611 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 26, 2016 Saturday

Ohio: Two plead guilty to defrauding banks of $2.5 million through fraudulent
short sales of gas stations in Youngstown area

LENGTH: 451 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Columbus: Department of Justice has issued the following news release:



   A man from Warren, Ohio, and an Indiana man pleaded guilty to defrauding
banks out of approximately $2.5 million through fraudulent short sales of gas
stations in the Youngstown area and by other means, law enforcement officials
said.





 Shaukat Sindhu, 56, of Warren, and Tahir Iqbal, 48, of Crown Point, Indiana,
are scheduled to be sentenced June 21.



 Iqbal pleaded guilty to two counts of conspiracy to commit bank fraud and three
counts of bank fraud.  Sindhu pleaded guilty to two counts of conspiracy to
commit bank fraud, one count of corrupt interference with the administration of
the Internal Revenue Service, and one count of marriage fraud.



 "These defendants took advantage of a program designed to help troubled
property owners and instead gamed it to enrich themselves," Acting U.S. Attorney
Carole Rendon said. "They will deservedly be trading their mansion for a prison
cell."



 "These two defendants have accepted responsibility for structuring real estate
transactions that defrauded banks out of millions of dollars and lined their
personal pockets," said Stephen D. Anthony, Special Agent in Charge of the FBI's
Cleveland Office. "The FBI will continue to hold fraudsters like these
accountable for their criminal actions."



 "Attempting to skirt your income tax obligations by using multiple Social
Security numbers, dealing in cash, and concealing income and assets in the names
of nominees is a recipe for criminal prosecution," said Kathy A. Enstrom,
Special Agent in Charge, IRS Criminal Investigation, Cincinnati Field Office.



 Sindhu owned several gas stations and other commercial property, but at times
failed to make mortgage payments on these properties. Sindhu, Iqbal and others
defrauded First Midwest and Consumers National banks by making false and
misleading omission and representations about ownership of the properties
between 2008 and 2014. Iqbal acted as a straw buyer for Sindhu in a short sale,
enriching Sindhu by reducing or eliminating the principle owned on the
properties, according to court documents.



 Iqbal also served as a straw buyer for Sindhu for a 16,800-square foot,
nine-bedroom, 13-bathroom home in Oak Brook, Illinois. That home will be
forfeited as part of the plea agreement.



 This case is being prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorneys Chelsea Rice, Adam
Hollingsworth and James Morford following an investigation by the Federal Bureau
of Investigation, Internal Revenue Service - Criminal Investigations and U.S.
Immigrations and Customs Enforcement.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             612 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                     April 18, 2005 Monday Michigan Edition

Trial to start for First Choice chief;
Fraud, conspiracy and money laundering are alleged in a 54-count indictment

BYLINE: By MATTHEW S. GALBRAITH; Tribune Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B4

LENGTH: 322 words



SOUTH BEND -- Trial is to start today for Gary Van Waeyenberghe, who's named in
a 54-count indictment in connection with an alleged massive investment scam.

U.S. District Judge Allen Sharp has set aside three weeks for the trial.

Van Waeyenberghe faces charges of conspiracy, fraud and money laundering. The
conspiracy and fraud counts each carry up to five years in prison and money
laundering up to 10 years in prison. He has pleaded innocent to all of the
charges.

The Mishawaka man is accused of using his company, First Choice Management
Services, to defraud more than 600 clients of at least $24 million through phony
investment schemes.

Van Waeyenberghe served as the company's president and chief executive. He has
been in custody since his arrest in September because he was unable to post a
$50,000 cash bond.

The defendant and others led clients to believe they were investing in
automobile financing contracts and first home mortgages, according to the
indictment.

But the money allegedly was spent instead on several car lots in Springfield,
Mo., and an entertainment complex in Branson, Mo.

Two former business associates of Van Waeyenberghe have pleaded guilty to other
charges and have agreed to testify for the government about the investments.

Patrick Ballinger, who also lived in Mishawaka and was executive vice president
of First Choice, pleaded guilty to conspiracy to commit mail and wire fraud in
Indiana and fraud in Missouri.

Benny Guy Morris, of Tarpon Springs, Fla., who headed a company that performed
marketing services for First Choice, has pleaded guilty to mail fraud.

In addition to the criminal case, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission
won a $31 million federal civil judgment in 2003.

A court-appointed receiver is liquidating First Choice assets to satisfy the
judgment.

Staff writer Matthew S. Galbraith:

mgalbraith@sbtinfo.com

(574) 235-6359


LOAD-DATE: April 26, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                 Copyright 2005 South Bend Tribune Corporation


                             613 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                  December 20, 1995, Wednesday, Final Edition

Putting the Cuffs on Phone Fraud; Telemarketing 'Sting' Operation Nets Arrests
-- and a New Picture of Who the Victims Are

Sharon Walsh, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. F01

LENGTH: 1222 words


Rita Hierstein wasn't anybody's idea of an idle old lady and victim two years
ago when the 81-year-old widow planted the seed for what became a nationwide
sweep of telemarketing con artists.

The Waukee, Iowa, resident played bridge, bowled, went bike riding -- a skill
she learned at age 65 -- and was active in her church and community. She had a
sister living nearby and lots of friends she visited regularly.

But one day, a banker in Waukee notified the state attorney general's office
that Hierstein had been withdrawing large sums from her bank accounts and could
be a victim of the telephone sales fraud that was targeting numerous elderly
people in Iowa.

In August 1993, Hierstein got a new, unlisted telephone number and her old
number was routed into the attorney general's office. It was the start of a
program in which state investigators trained volunteers to listen to the
practiced pitches of dishonest telemarketers, taped calls as evidence, tracked
down the pitchmen and prosecuted them for fraud.

"It's the most cynical and vicious scam that touches our people," said Bob
Brammer, a spokesman for the Iowa attorney general's office. "I know at least a
dozen Iowans who have lost over $ 50,000" to telemarketing fraud. Because Iowa
has the highest percentage of elderly people of any state in the country, it
decided to go after the perpetrators in a big way.

Many telemarketing boiler rooms -- bare-walled offices with desks and multiple
telephone lines for making high-pressure sales calls -- put up signs that say:
"Don't Call Iowa."

Operation Senior Sentinel, a state and federal undertaking, took the Iowa
concept and expanded on it to attack the national problem of telemarketing fraud
, which officials say costs consumers $ 40 billion a year.

The FBI trained dozens of retired volunteers, selected from lists provided by
the American Association of Retired Persons, to take calls. On Dec. 8,
investigators acted on arrest warrants for more than 400 telemarketing
salespeople in 15 states in the first nationwide effort to stop telemarketers
with criminal prosecutions. By late Wednesday, 333 arrests had been made.

The biggest concentration of arrests -- more than 160 people representing sales
forces, managers and owners of two dozen telemarketing operations -- were in Las
Vegas, which has become a center of this activity.

The arrests got the attention of telemarketers. "We had a number of people
calling and asking if they should surrender," said Jonathan Rusch of the Justice
Department, chairman of the government's telemarketing fraud working group.
"Some of them hadn't even been indicted."

There are many honest telemarketing firms that solicit political contributions,
do market research and sell subscriptions and goods. The fraudulent
telemarketers do a vast business in high-pressure premium or prize promotions --
you've won a car, a camcorder, a vacation or $ 50,000 and you're not sure why --
or in product sales in which the product is worth much less than the price; in
charitable solicitations in which only a minute percentage of the donation goes
to the charity; or in dubious investment opportunities.

Telemarketers have been hard to catch. They use aliases and move quickly.
Previously, state attorneys general tried to shut them down through civil freeze
orders. But it is easy for them to simply move on with their computerized lists
and set up operations in a different state.

For example, after an earlier raid on telemarketers in Las Vegas, many of them
moved to Chattanooga. Now, a government task force is working to rid that city
of telemarketing scam artists.

State and federal officials believe that nationwide criminal prosecutions will
make their fight against telemarketers more effective.

But when the daughter of Rita Hierstein, who in a way started it all, heard
reports of the Senior Sentinel sweep, she was puzzled. The people she heard
being described as the victims of telemarketing fraud did not sound like her
mother.

"What surprised me was that they said these people were secluded, isolated,
lonely," Jill Morris said. "That wasn't my mom at all."

New studies show that Morris is right. The picture of telemarketing fraud
victims that has been painted by anecdotal evidence is incomplete.

Eileen Harrington, associate director for marketing practices at the Federal
Trade Commission, uses the example of a case of vacation sweepstakes fraud she
prosecuted in Chicago a few years ago. The four victims who testified were a law
clerk to a Supreme Court justice, a Madison Avenue advertising executive, a
college math professor and a real estate broker.

"A lot of our notions of the typical fraud victim are skewed," said John Barker,
president of the National Fraud Information Center, which operates a national
hot line for consumers who've been scammed.

Barker, who doesn't reveal the location of his downtown Washington office
because he said his workers often get death threats from telemarketers, calls
the misconception the gaga theory, that "these people are old and senile and
fall prey to just any scam," he said. "That's just not true. Younger people are
just as vulnerable."

Because older people tend to be at home during the day to take telephone calls,
they are more often targets and victims.

But they are often well-educated, affluent and well-informed people who, like
Rita Hierstein, have full lives and lots of friends, according to a recent AARP
study, the first large-scale survey of its kind to look specifically at elderly
victims. That description contrasts sharply with the prevailing view of older
victims as "socially isolated, ill-informed, confused and committed to
old-fashioned ideas about how one should treat strangers who call," said the
survey.

The AARP study is considered a first step toward learning more about older
victims and how to educate them about telemarketing fraud. What experts still
don't understand is why some people are likely to reject the calls of dishonest
telephone salespeople.

Morris still hasn't figured out exactly what enticed her mother. She was puzzled
to find when she visited from Oklahoma that her mother had televisions, VCRs,
perfume gift sets and boxes with the names of Rodeo Drive shops all around the
house -- telemarketing "prizes" that often cost more to win than they are worth.

But it wasn't the products or the likelihood of winning prizes that drew her
mother in, Morris believes.

"I don't think she would have gotten involved in a get-rich-quick scheme," she
said of her mother, who is now 83 and in a retirement home in Illinois. "She
wanted to help people."

Hierstein, like other elderly people, as shown by the AARP survey, was more
likely to send money to telemarketers who claimed to be doing charitable work.
She purchased pencils with the name of her church for thousands of dollars
because she believed the money was going to Catholic charities, and sent money
she thought was going to feed hungry children or to help the victims of the
Oklahoma City bombing.

Morris isn't sure exactly how much her mother sent to these charities, but she
believes it was between $ 60,000 and $ 80,000.

"When we closed out her accounts, she had $ 20,000 left," she said. "That
doesn't last very long in a retirement home."


LOAD-DATE: December 20, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustration, The Washington Post, TELEMARKETING ARRESTS Arrests of
more than 400 telemarketing sales people were made in 15 states: Alabama Arizona
Arkansas California Colorado Florida Louisiana Michigan Missouri Nevada New York
Texas Utah Washington Virginia The American Association of Retired Person's
survey on elderly victims of telemarketing fraud found: * Almost all the victims
surveyed own their homes, and close to a third have college degrees.  * Older
victims are besieged by telemarketers, with 42 percent saying they received 20
or more such calls over six months.  * Two-thirds of the older victims said they
can't tell honest telephone pitches from dishonest ones.  * Even though most
victims say they do not enjoy getting these calls, they are unable to end the
conversations. Most simply cannot hang up the telephone, citing the nearly
hypnotic effect of the telemarketer's pitch.  * The victims often are too
embarrassed to seek the advice or assistance of others in either general
financial matters or in specific instances when they've been defrauded.  HOW TO
GET HELP The following offer help for those who think they may have been
defrauded: * The National Fraud Information Center hot line: 1-800-876-7060 *
The U.S. Office of Consumer Affairs Helpline: 1-800-664-4435.

                       Copyright 1995 The Washington Post


                             614 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 29, 2014 Monday

Florida: Former Owner of Durable Medical Equipment Company Arrested in Health
Care Fraud and Money Laundering Scheme

LENGTH: 509  words

DATELINE: Tallahassee


United States Attorney's Office for the Southern District of Florida has issued
the following press release:

A Miami man was arrested today on health care fraud and money laundering charges
in connection with an alleged $24 million scheme to defraud Medicare.

U.S. Attorney Wifredo A. Ferrer of the Southern District of Florida; Assistant
Attorney General Leslie R. Caldwell of the Justice Department's Criminal
Division; Special Agent in Charge George L. Piro of the FBI's Miami Field
Office; Special Agent in Charge Paul Wysopal of the FBI's Tampa Field Office;
Special Agent in Charge Perrye K. Turner of the FBI's Houston Field Office;
Special Agent in Charge Derrick Jackson of the U.S. Department of Health and
Human Services, Office of Inspector General's (HHS-OIG) Miami Regional Office;
and Special Agent in Charge Mike Fields of HHS-OIG's Dallas Regional Office made
the announcement.

Angel M. Mirabal, 61, of Miami, was arrested on a previously sealed indictment
returned by a grand jury in the Southern District of Florida charging him with
conspiracy to commit health care fraud and conspiracy to commit money laundering
of health care fraud proceeds, as well as 10 substantive money laundering
counts.

According to the indictment, Mirabal operated Quick Solutions Medical Supplies
Inc., a durable medical equipment (DME) supply company located in Houston,
Texas. From April 2010 through July 2013, Mirabal allegedly conspired with
individuals who operated other DME companies to submit approximately $24 million
in fraudulent claims for reimbursement to Medicare. These claims represented
that Quick Solutions and others provided DME, such as wound care supplies, to
Medicare beneficiaries when, in fact, these items were not medically necessary
and were not actually provided. Many of the Medicare beneficiaries who
supposedly received DME from Quick Solutions resided hundreds of miles away in
Miami. Mirabal and his co-conspirators allegedly used fraudulent shell companies
to launder and disburse the proceeds from the health care fraud scheme.

An indictment is only an accusation, and a defendant is presumed innocent until
and unless proven guilty.

This case is being investigated by the FBI and HHS-OIG and was brought as part
of the Medicare Fraud Strike Force, under the supervision of the Criminal
Division's Fraud Section and U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of
Florida. This case is being prosecuted by Trial Attorney Timothy P. Loper of the
Criminal Division's Fraud Section.

Since its inception in March 2007, the Medicare Fraud Strike Force, now
operating in nine cities across the country, has charged nearly 2,000 defendants
who have collectively billed the Medicare program for more than $6 billion. In
addition, the HHS Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, working in
conjunction with the HHS-OIG, are taking steps to increase accountability and
decrease the presence of fraudulent providers.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             615 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 27, 2014 Saturday

Washington: Former Owner of Durable Medical Equipment Company Arrested in Health
Care Fraud and Money Laundering Scheme

LENGTH: 506  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Department of Justice, The Government of USA has issued the following news
release:

A Miami man was arrested today on health care fraud and money laundering charges
in connection with an alleged $24 million scheme to defraud Medicare.

Assistant Attorney General Leslie R. Caldwell of the Justice Department's
Criminal Division; U.S. Attorney Wifredo A. Ferrer of the Southern District of
Florida; Special Agent in Charge George L. Piro of the FBI's Miami Field Office;
Special Agent in Charge Paul Wysopal of the FBI's Tampa Field Office; Special
Agent in Charge Perrye K. Turner of the FBI's Houston Field Office; Special
Agent in Charge Derrick Jackson of the U.S. Department of Health and Human
Services, Office of Inspector General's (HHS-OIG) Miami Regional Office; and
Special Agent in Charge Mike Fields of HHS-OIG's Dallas Regional Office made the
announcement.

Angel M. Mirabal, 61, of Miami, was arrested on a previously sealed indictment
returned by a grand jury in the Southern District of Florida charging him with
conspiracy to commit health care fraud and conspiracy to commit money laundering
of health care fraud proceeds, as well as 10 substantive money laundering
counts.

According to the indictment, Mirabal operated Quick Solutions Medical Supplies
Inc., a durable medical equipment (DME) supply company located in Houston,
Texas. From April 2010 through July 2013, Mirabal allegedly conspired with
individuals who operated other DME companies to submit approximately $24 million
in fraudulent claims for reimbursement to Medicare. These claims represented
that Quick Solutions and others provided DME, such as wound care supplies, to
Medicare beneficiaries when, in fact, these items were not medically necessary
and were not actually provided. Many of the Medicare beneficiaries who
supposedly received DME from Quick Solutions resided hundreds of miles away in
Miami. Mirabal and his co-conspirators allegedly used fraudulent shell companies
to launder and disburse the proceeds from the health care fraud scheme.

An indictment is only an accusation, and a defendant is presumed innocent until
and unless proven guilty.

This case is being investigated by the FBI and HHS-OIG and was brought as part
of the Medicare Fraud Strike Force, under the supervision of the Criminal
Division's Fraud Section and U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of
Florida. This case is being prosecuted by Trial Attorney Timothy P. Loper of the
Criminal Division's Fraud Section.

Since its inception in March 2007, the Medicare Fraud Strike Force, now
operating in nine cities across the country, has charged nearly 2,000 defendants
who have collectively billed the Medicare program for more than $6 billion. In
addition, the HHS Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, working in
conjunction with the HHS-OIG, are taking steps to increase accountability and
decrease the presence of fraudulent providers.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             616 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 26, 2014 Friday

Washington: Former Owner of Durable Medical Equipment Company Arrested in Health
Care Fraud and Money Laundering Scheme

LENGTH: 506  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Department of Justice, The Government of USA has issued the following news
release:

A Miami man was arrested today on health care fraud and money laundering charges
in connection with an alleged $24 million scheme to defraud Medicare.

Assistant Attorney General Leslie R. Caldwell of the Justice Department's
Criminal Division; U.S. Attorney Wifredo A. Ferrer of the Southern District of
Florida; Special Agent in Charge George L. Piro of the FBI's Miami Field Office;
Special Agent in Charge Paul Wysopal of the FBI's Tampa Field Office; Special
Agent in Charge Perrye K. Turner of the FBI's Houston Field Office; Special
Agent in Charge Derrick Jackson of the U.S. Department of Health and Human
Services, Office of Inspector General's (HHS-OIG) Miami Regional Office; and
Special Agent in Charge Mike Fields of HHS-OIG's Dallas Regional Office made the
announcement.

Angel M. Mirabal, 61, of Miami, was arrested on a previously sealed indictment
returned by a grand jury in the Southern District of Florida charging him with
conspiracy to commit health care fraud and conspiracy to commit money laundering
of health care fraud proceeds, as well as 10 substantive money laundering
counts.

According to the indictment, Mirabal operated Quick Solutions Medical Supplies
Inc., a durable medical equipment (DME) supply company located in Houston,
Texas. From April 2010 through July 2013, Mirabal allegedly conspired with
individuals who operated other DME companies to submit approximately $24 million
in fraudulent claims for reimbursement to Medicare. These claims represented
that Quick Solutions and others provided DME, such as wound care supplies, to
Medicare beneficiaries when, in fact, these items were not medically necessary
and were not actually provided. Many of the Medicare beneficiaries who
supposedly received DME from Quick Solutions resided hundreds of miles away in
Miami. Mirabal and his co-conspirators allegedly used fraudulent shell companies
to launder and disburse the proceeds from the health care fraud scheme.

An indictment is only an accusation, and a defendant is presumed innocent until
and unless proven guilty.

This case is being investigated by the FBI and HHS-OIG and was brought as part
of the Medicare Fraud Strike Force, under the supervision of the Criminal
Division's Fraud Section and U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of
Florida. This case is being prosecuted by Trial Attorney Timothy P. Loper of the
Criminal Division's Fraud Section.

Since its inception in March 2007, the Medicare Fraud Strike Force, now
operating in nine cities across the country, has charged nearly 2,000 defendants
who have collectively billed the Medicare program for more than $6 billion. In
addition, the HHS Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, working in
conjunction with the HHS-OIG, are taking steps to increase accountability and
decrease the presence of fraudulent providers.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             617 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                        Calgary Herald (Alberta, Canada)

                    February 3, 1992, Monday, FINAL EDITION

FBI takes aim at fraud

BYLINE: CHRISTOPHER DREW, CHICAGO TRIBUNE

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. D8

LENGTH: 313 words


The FBI is shifting 50 agents in 12 cities from espionage and counter terrorism
work to fighting health- care fraud, according to Justice Department officials.

They said the transfers, which are to take effect today, are part of a broader
effort to reap the so-called peace dividend in the United States by realigning
law-enforcement priorities now that the Cold War has ended.

In a similar move, the FBI last month transferred 300 of its agents from
tracking Soviet spies to working on violent- crime squads operating in gang-
ridden neighborhoods in 39 cities.

Experts say frauds involving health care and health insurance have been on the
rise as American medical costs have skyrocketed in the past decade.

The frauds range from inflated billings by doctors to the creation of fake
insurance companies.

In some such scams, the firms have taken in millions of dollars in premiums from
businesses and workers and absconded with the funds without paying off any
claims, investigators say.

The transfers involve only a tiny portion of the FBI's 10,000 agents.

But they also represent an effort by the new attorney general, William Barr, to
make a quick mark on the department.

Justice officials said the FBI already has 46 agents working full- or part-time
on health-care fraud, so the transfers will more than double the number focused
on these problems.

The 12 cities on the FBI's list: Chicago, Detroit, New York, Los Angeles,
Philadelphia, Boston, Las Vegas, Dallas, Baltimore, New Orleans, Newark, N.J.,
and Charlotte, N.C.

Department officials said they also plan to hire a total of 10 new prosecutors
in the 12 cities to supervise the agents specializing in medical cases.

Ira Raphaelson, counselor to Barr, said the FBI's Chicago office will end up
with a squad of between seven and nine agents focused primarily on health-care
fraud.



LOAD-DATE: February 3, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 1992 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             618 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         The Gazette (Montreal, Quebec)

                    December 13, 1991, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Keating jailed in fraud case

BYLINE: ARIZONA REPUBLIC

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. D8

LENGTH: 180 words

DATELINE: PHOENIX


Charles Keating was jailed yesterday after he and four former executives of his
Phoenix-based financial empire were charged with fraud and racketeering,
climaxing one of the largest white-collar-crime investigations in the United
States.

Keating and the others, all executives of his American Continental Corp., were
accused in a 77-count indictment returned by a federal grand jury in Los Angeles
of engaging "in a pattern of racketeering activity" to loot the company's
Lincoln Savings and Loan subsidiary.

The charges also include conspiracy, bank fraud and securities fraud.

Keating surrendered to U.S. marshals and was jailed after failing to raise the $
2-million bail set by federal Magistrate R.J. Groh Jr. Prosecutors described
Keating, long known as one of Arizona's wealthiest men but who now claims to be
broke, as a flight risk who might have large sums of cash hidden away. Charged
with Keating, 68, were his son, Charles Keating III, and a son-in-law, Robert
Wurzelbacher, who were top executives at American Continental and at Amcor
Investments Corp.

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 1991

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Charles Keating

               Copyright 1991 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             619 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 23, 2014 Tuesday

New York Man Sentenced to 24 Months in Prison for Odometer Fraud Scheme

LENGTH: 452  words


Washington, D.C.: U.S. Department of Justice has issued the following news
release:

A Massapequa, New York, man was sentenced in U.S. District Court in Allentown,
Pennsylvania, to serve 24 months in prison on charges related to an odometer
tampering scheme, the Department of Justice announced today.

Edward Capicchioni, 54, was also ordered to pay $412,880 in restitution to
victims who purchased vehicles without knowing the odometers were incorrect.  In
March 2014, Capicchioni pled guilty to one count of conspiracy to tamper with
odometers.

Doing business under the company name of The General's Auto Sales, Capicchioni
sold more than 50 vehicles with rolled back odometers.  According to the
charges, Capicchioni purchased high-mileage cars, sport-utility vehicles and
trucks from individual sellers in Maryland, New York, Pennsylvania, Rhode
Island,  and other states.  Capicchioni then worked with a co-conspirator to
roll back and alter the odometers and resold the vehicles at a wholesale auto
auction in Pennsylvania.  Capicchioni also took steps to hide his odometer fraud
scheme.  He checked the Carfax public database to see if it included a mileage
that was higher than the tampered mileage.  If the Carfax mileage was higher,
Capicchioni submitted fraudulent documentation in the name of the vehicle's
prior owner in order to have the higher mileage reading removed from the
database.

"Odometer tampering is a pervasive consumer fraud," said Acting Assistant
Attorney General Joyce R. Branda for the Department of Justice's Civil Division.
"We will continue to enforce these important consumer protection laws, and we
will prosecute people who defraud vehicle purchasers by rolling back odometers
on used cars."

After Carfax discovered Capicchioni's fraud scheme through an internal
investigation, Carfax personnel alerted the National Highway Traffic Safety
Administration (NHTSA) Office of Odometer Fraud Investigation.  NHTSA conducted
additional investigation into the full scope of Capicchioni's criminal
activities.

This case was prosecuted by Trial Attorney John W. Burke of the Civil Division's
Consumer Protection Branch.

NHTSA estimates that odometer fraud in the U.S. results in consumer losses of
more than $1 billion annually and has established a special hotline to handle
odometer fraud complaints. Individuals having information relating to odometer
tampering should call (800) 424-9393 or (202) 366-4761.

More information on odometer fraud is available on the NHTSA Odometer Fraud
website.  Tips on detecting and avoiding odometer fraud are available at this
NHTSA page.


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             620 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Hutchinson News (Kansas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 25, 2010 Saturday

Man admits $3M mortgage fraud scheme

BYLINE: The Hutchinson News, Kan.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 468 words


Sept. 25--A Hutchinson man admitted to masterminding a $3 million mortgage fraud
scheme.

Eric M. Rabicoff, 27, pleaded guilty to one count of money laundering. Richard
Ngek, 26, of Lee's Summit, Mo., also entered a guilty plea for one count of
conspiracy to commit money laundering and wire fraud, U.S. Attorney Barry
Grissom announced Friday.

Rabicoff admitted that he devised a scheme to defraud lenders by recruiting
"straw buyers" to buy homes, submitting false information so the buyers could
receive loans for which they weren't qualified.

A straw buyer is a person who uses or allows their credit to be used for the
purchase of property they never intended to use or control.

Falsified information included employment history, income and rent history. The
scheme also called for contract prices to be increased and for the conspirators
to receive money by submitting false invoices to the companies at closing,
according to the release.

Ngek admitted he was a straw buyer on a house in the 400 block of Seaside
Sparrow in Lee's Summit, Mo.

Rabicoff sought money and submitted false invoices to title companies for
property repairs, although the improvements were never made. The lenders paid
money to MSM Enterprises, a company set up by Rabicoff.

Ngek admitted to providing false information on employment and income forms and
transferred more than $525,000 from an account in New Jersey. He received $5,000
for his role in the transaction.

On April 5, 2006, Rabicoff committed money laundering by transferring $50,000 in
money criminally derived from the conspiracy from his MSM account to another
conspirator's account in the name of Cappo Investment Agency, according to the
release.

Rabicoff has previously served time in prison for a violation of the Kansas
Securities Act and for theft of more than $25,000, both in 2004 in Johnson
County, according to the Kansas Department of Corrections.

Sentencing for the fraud scheme is Dec. 27.

Anthony "Gabe" Painton Jr., 29, previously pleaded guilty to conspiracy to
commit bank fraud in the scheme.

Others indicted in the case include Rabicoff; his brother, Jason Rabicoff, 33,
of Overland Park; Lucas R. Collier, 27, of Basehor; Anthony Carollo, 31, of
Raytown, Mo.; Deborah Saulmon, 50, of Olathe; Bora Ly, 27, of Raytown, Mo.; Kong
Bun Ly, 39, of Kansas City, Mo.; and Rebecca Gelwix, 24, of West Des Moines,
Iowa.

To see more of The Hutchinson News or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.hutchnews.com. Copyright (c) 2010, The Hutchinson News, Kan.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail services@mctinfoservices.com, or
call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States, call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100925-VZ-Man-admits-3M-mortgage-fraud-scheme-0925-20100925

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: VZ


                       Copyright 2010 The Hutchinson News


                             621 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              accountingtoday.com

                               December 29, 2015

Tax Fraud Blotter: 415 Gets 21

BYLINE: Jeff Stimpson

SECTION: TAX PRACTICE Vol. 1 No. 1

LENGTH: 611  words


Some of our favorite recent tax fraud cases.

Meridian, Miss.: Preparer Kendrick Williams, 36, has been sentenced to 21 months
in prison followed by one year of supervised release for aiding and assisting in
the preparation of fraudulent federal income tax returns.

Williams prepared phony returns for clients for the 2007 and 2008 tax years
using the business name TaxPro415. Without clients' knowledge, he prepared
returns with falsely inflated federal withholdings, overstated and understated
wages, false filing statuses, false education credits and tuition and fees
deductions, and false itemized deductions. The false returns claimed $99,329.51
in refunds.

A restitution hearing on March 3 will determine the amount that Williams will
have to pay back to the IRS.

Providence, R.I.: Preparer Leon F. Tejada, 50, operator of the tax prep service
El Centro Multiservicios, has pleaded guilty to federal tax fraud and wire fraud
charges.

Tejada admitted that during tax years 2009 through 2012, without the knowledge
of his clients, he created and falsified clients' dependents, exemptions,
credits, deductions and expenses to inflate refunds. The loss to the U.S. was
$54,440.

Tejada admitted that he also devised a scheme to divert some of his clients'
refunds through a bank clearing house by which a portion of the funds were
diverted into his own bank account. Investigation determined that Tejada
diverted $24,987 into his own account.

Tejada, released on unsecured bond, will be sentenced on March 10.

Palm Coast, Fla.: Local resident Michael Kolodin, 59, has been jailed on charges
stemming from being what authorities called "a phony IRS agent."

Authorities began the investigation in August after a victim told sheriff's
deputies that someone claiming to be a collection agent for the IRS had called
to say that he owed back taxes and would be arrested if he didn't pay; the
victim did actually have an outstanding IRS debt.

Concerned that the call was legitimate, the victim loaded money onto multiple
pre-paid debit cards as instructed and then turned over the card numbers to the
scammer. In total, the victim paid $1,330. Afterwards, he was told he owed
another $500. But this time, when the victim went to the bank to get another
pre-paid debit card a bank staffer told the man of the suspected scam.

Investigators tracked the victim's payments to a company called Exceptional
Process Management, a supposed call center. The address turned out to be a UPS
box in Palm Coast rented by Kolodin.

Financial records showed that in about eight months, Kolodin received up to
$300,000.

New Orleans: Former preparer Donald Stewart, 59, has pleaded guilty to one count
of theft of public funds and one count of aggravated ID theft.

Stewart, who prepared returns under the business names Stewart's Tax Service and
Stewart LTD from approximately 2001 through 2008 before the IRS suspended his
EFIN, admitted that he used the individuals' ID, including their names and
Social Security numbers, to e-file false federal returns that claimed refunds.

From January 2011 through February 2012, Stewart caused approximately $37,809 in
federal and state refunds in the names of others to be e-deposited into bank
accounts under his control. He also admitted to cashing or depositing U.S.
Treasury checks totaling approximately $539,393 and payable to other
individuals.

Sentencing is March 17, when Stewart faces a maximum of 10 years in prison for
the theft of public money charge and a mandatory term of two years in prison for
the aggravated ID theft charge. Stewart also faces a fine of $250,000, or twice
the gross gain or loss caused by the offense and terms of supervised release.

URL: http://www.accountingtoday.com

LOAD-DATE: December 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBCPA_NEWS


                        Copyright 2015 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             622 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                          January 22, 1997, Wednesday

Top insurance frauds make 1996 annual list

BYLINE: BY MARGO D. BELLER

SECTION: Pg. 8A

LENGTH: 491 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


Some of the largest frauds of 1996 mark the annual list issued by the Coalition
Against Insurance Fraud.

Michael Diegel, a spokesman for the Washington group representing insurance
companies, regulators and prosecutors, said the ""winner'' in 1996 was the New
Jersey scam involving 800 defendants, 128 bogus auto accidents and $10 million
in claims payments.

The tangled web involved drivers, passengers and nearly 100 chiropractors,
diagnostic labs and treatment facilities that took part in the scam over 14
months. The claimants were involved in as many as 12 accidents each, almost all
involving two cars each with four passengers. Fraud is an $80 billion problem,
said Mr. Diegel. The cost to policyholders is huge. For auto customers alone,
between $5.2 billion and $6.3 billion was added to their bills because of
outright fraud or claim padding in 1995, said a recent survey by the Insurance
Research Council.

Some of the frauds were personal. There was the Nebraska woman and her son who
were indicted in October for filing 79 death claims worth $11.5 million on her
ex-husband, who is still very much alive.

Or the Williamsburg, Va., doctor who filed more than 4,250 false claims over
four years against the federal government program insuring the U.S. military.
The doctor was fined $21.5 million in October plus double damages for
overcharges and billing for services that were actually performed by military
personnel.

Selling bogus insurance also made the list. A Louisiana couple was busted in
January after it sold $25 million in worthless policies in California. The
Louisiana state guaranty fund has paid out $13 million to those who bought the
insurance, and $21 million in unpaid claims are still open in California, Mr.
Diegel said.

In New York, a man marketed a bogus union plan to individuals needing health
coverage. He pleaded guilty in October to defrauding companies, including CNA,
Travelers and Prudential, of $17 million.

But sometimes, Mr. Diegel said, the frauds involved executives who mistook their
insurance companies for a cash cow and were milking it dry.

Take Allen Stewart, who took over two Pennsylvania companies, Summit National
Life Insurance Co. and Equitable Beneficial Life Insurance Co., in 1988. They
were worth $40 million then, but were $123 million in debt when sold five years
later.

According to a federal indictment in December, Mr. Stewart, a Philadelphia
attorney, used several corporate shells to funnel away company funds to finance
his oceanfront home, vintage wines and other amenities. He is now under house
arrest, said Mr. Diegel.

And in a Florida case, David Davies was sentenced in November to seven years in
prison after pleading guilty to taking $10.5 million from his company, National
Heritage Life Insurance Co. He must now pay $2.2 million in federal taxes,
penalties and interest when he gets out of jail. There is still $200 million
missing.

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1997 Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                             623 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 22, 2014 Friday

Washington: Bergen County Man and Disbarred New York Attorney Indicted in Real
Estate Investment Fraud Scheme

LENGTH: 451  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

Two men were indicted by a federal grand jury today for allegedly using a real
estate investment scheme to defraud 15 victims of more than $3 million, U.S.
Attorney Paul J. Fishman announced.

Paul Mancuso, 46, of Glen Rock, New Jersey, is charged by indictment with one
count of conspiracy to commit wire fraud and five counts of wire fraud. Pasquale
Stiso, 52, of West Harrison, New York, is charged by indictment with one count
of conspiracy to commit wire fraud and one count of wire fraud.

According to documents filed in this case:

Since 2009, Mancuso posed as a real estate investor, broker and developer, as
well as a "hard money" lender for other investments. Stiso, a disbarred
attorney, held himself out as an individual working with Mancuso on various
investment projects.

Mancuso and Stiso fraudulently obtained financing for projects that did not
exist or in which they had no actual involvement. Some of the purported projects
touted by Mancuso, Stiso, and other conspirators included investments in a phony
ticket scam, the development of a pizzeria at a resort in the Bahamas, the
development of a casino in Atlantic City, the development of a commercial
shopping center, and the "flipping" of a piece of real estate in Matawan.

Victims lost all of their investments or life savings in Mancuso's schemes.
Instead of funding the purported projects, Mancuso and Stiso used the money for
personal expenses and financing their involvement in illegal gambling pursuits.

The charge of wire fraud conspiracy and each substantive count of wire fraud
carry a maximum potential penalty of 20 years in prison and a maximum fine of
$250,000 or twice the gross gain or loss associated with the offense, whichever
is greater. The indictment also includes a notice of forfeiture of $3,425,750,
representing the fraudulent payments Mancuso and Stiso received from the scheme.

U.S. Attorney Fishman credited special agents of the FBI, under the direction of
Special Agent in Charge Aaron T. Ford; special agents of IRS-Criminal
Investigation, under the direction of Acting Special Agent in Charge Jonathan D.
Larson for the investigation leading to today's indictment.

The government is represented by Assistant U.S. Attorneys Lisa M. Colone and
Francisco J. Navarro of the U.S. Attorney's Office Criminal Division in Newark.

The charges and allegations in the indictment are merely accusations and the
defendants are considered innocent unless and until proven guilty.

Defense counsel:

Mancuso: Mary Frances Palisano Esq., Newark Stiso: Henry E. Klingeman Esq.,
Newark

For more information please visit: http://www.fbi.gov


LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             624 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                           November 23, 2010 Tuesday
                                 METRO EDITION

St. Paul man indicted in stock-sale fraud;
Government says Johnny Heurung misled investors into buying shares in a largely
worthless oil company.

BYLINE: DAN BROWNING; STAFF WRITER, STAR TRIBUNE (Mpls.-St. Paul)

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 2D

LENGTH: 389 words


A 56-year-old St. Paul man was among four people who were indicted Monday in
what the U.S. attorney in Kansas City, Mo., says was a $7.2 million securities
fraud scheme that cheated thousands of investors, many of whom were recruited
through churches.

According to the indictment, Johnny Heurung of St. Paul sold shares in Petro
America Corp., which supposedly was a profitable African-American-owned oil
company worth $284 billion but in fact had little commercial value. Also
indicted were Petro America founder Isreal Owen Hawkins, 55, of Kansas City,
Kan., Teresa Brown, 52, of Bandera, Texas, and Clarence Moore, 62, of Atlanta,
Ga.

Like Heurung, Hawkins and Brown allegedly promoted the stock to investors; Moore
did accounting and tax preparation work for Petro America.

The 40-page indictment accuses Hawkins and Brown of marketing unregistered
securities in the firm beginning in August 2008. Neither was a registered
securities dealer. The government says they raised as much as $1 million in the
first four months by marketing the stock on the Internet and at presentations to
church groups. More than 9,000 people ultimately invested, according to a sworn
statement by IRS criminal investigator Devin Fields.

The indictment says Brown approached Heurung to help pitch the stock because she
heard he had experience with mines and oil. Heurung and Hawkins allegedly sent
e-mails to investors in June 2009 stating falsely that Petro America had gone
public and its stockholders had become millionaires.

Each of the defendants is charged with conspiracy, which carries a penalty of up
to five years in prison. Heurung, owner of Money Investment Inc., also is
charged with 10 counts of wire fraud, which carry penalties of up to 20 years in
prison. Hawkins is charged with securities fraud, aggravated currency
structuring, money laundering and 10 counts of wire fraud. And Brown is charged
with securities fraud and 10 counts of wire fraud.

The government said that Hawkins and Brown spent most of the money that Petro
America raised from investors on personal luxuries. The government is seeking to
forfeit $130,129 that Heurung said he earned by selling shares in the company,
plus $361,310.70 in cash and other assets seized from the other defendants.

Hawkins, Brown and Heurung could not be reached Monday

Dan Browning - 612-673-4493

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2010 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             625 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                October 8, 1999, Friday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

NATION

BYLINE: From News Services

SECTION: NEWS, Pg. A11

LENGTH: 803 words



Financier is charged with fraud, money laundering

Rogue financier Martin Frankel was charged with fraud and money-laundering in a
36-count federal indictment, the U.S. attorney's office in Stamford, Conn.,
announced Thursday. Frankel, 44, under arrest in Germany, is accused of
absconding with more than $ 200 million in insurance company assets he was
supposed to be investing. The indictment - the first federal charges against
Frankel - includes 20 counts of wire fraud, 13 counts of money laundering and
one count each of securities fraud, racketeering and conspiracy. The indictment
accuses Frankel of running a "racketeering enterprise" that bought up insurance
companies. Frankel then siphoned the insurers' cash reserves and used them to
purchase mansions, cars, diamonds and gold, prosecutors say.

Navigation satellite is launched after many delays

The Air Force on Thursday launched a $ 42 million navigation satellite aboard a
Delta rocket. The rocket lifted off from Cape Canaveral, Fla., at 8:51 a.m.
carrying a Global Positioning System satellite. The successful launch brought
the number of operational GPS satellites in orbit to 28. This was the Air
Force's first launch from Cape Canaveral since a Titan rocket dumped a military
communication satellite into the wrong orbit back in April.

Mayor of Memphis wins election to third term

Willie Herenton, the first black mayor of Memphis, Tenn., won a third term
Thursday despite a bitter challenge from Joe Ford, a member of Memphis' most
politically powerful black family. With 100 percent of the votes tallied,
Herenton led with 74,896 votes, or 46 percent. Ford garnered 41,161 votes, or 25
percent. Ford conceded about two hours after the polls closed. Herenton, 59,
charged that the family of former Rep. Harold Ford was attempting a power grab
by running Joe Ford, a brother of the former congressman and an uncle of current
Rep. Harold Ford Jr., D-Tenn. Fords serve on the City Council, the County
Commission and in the state Senate.

Ex-aide to Gingrich must testify in his divorce case

A judge ruled Thursday that a congressional aide linked romantically with former
House Speaker Newt Gingrich must testify in his divorce case. The woman,
Callista Bisek, had tried to block the subpoena that called for her to be
questioned by lawyers for Gingrich's wife, Marianne. District of Columbia
Superior Court Judge Brook Hedge found her arguments "without merit."Gingrich,
56, separated from his wife of 18 years in May and filed for divorce in July.

French families of crash victims can sue TWA in U.S.

A judge in New York ruled Thursday that lawsuits filed against Trans World
Airlines and Boeing by the families of 45 French passengers killed in the 1996
crash of TWA Flight 800 will remain in the United States. U.S. District Judge
Robert Sweet denied a motion by TWA and Boeing to dismiss the cases so that they
could be tried in France. Lawyers for the plaintiffs said the ruling was a
victory for the families because damage awards are much higher in the United
States. "Recovery in France is only a fraction of what they can get here," said
Lee Kreindler, the lead plaintiff lawyer in the litigation. The 45 suits by
French plaintiffs are among 216 crash-related cases that have been consolidated
in Manhattan federal court.

New inspection system reduces salmonella cases

The government's new inspection system for food has reduced the occurrence of
salmonella in raw meat and poultry by as much as 50 percent in small processing
plants. That is similar to the reduction that the Agriculture Department
reported earlier in large plants. "Our ability to greatly reduce the prevalence
of salmonella in meat and poultry is a significant achievement in our ongoing
efforts to ensure the safety of the American food supply," Agriculture Secretary
Dan Glickman said Thursday. Salmonella was found in 7.5 percent of the ground
beef tested before the new system was in place, but was found in only 3.3
percent six months afterward. The occurrence of salmonella in chicken was
reduced from 20 per cent to 13.9 percent six months later. The government
estimates that there are 1.4 million cases of salmonella every year and as many
as 600 deaths.

Space shuttle mission to Hubble is set for December

NASA has bumped space shuttle Discovery's flight to the Hubble Space Telescope
to December so that workers can complete wiring and valve repairs. Shuttle
managers said Thursday they're targeting a Dec. 2 launch date for Discovery.
Missions were delayed following Columbia's marred launch in July. A short
circuit five seconds into the flight knocked out computers for two of the three
main engines; defective wiring was to blame. Wiring defects subsequently were
found in the other shuttles.

LOAD-DATE: July 22, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: PHOTO Photo by THE ASSOCIATED PRESS - "Da Vinci's Horse" is unveiled in
Michigan
 "Leonardo da Vinci's Horse," a 24-foot-tall bronze sculpture, is unveiled at
the Frederik Meijer Gardens in Grand Rapids, Mich., on Thursday. The statue is
one of two in the world; the other one is in Italy.

TYPE: Nation Briefs Column

                  Copyright 1999 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             626 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                               May 8, 2009 Friday
                                2 Tampa Edition

MORTGAGE FRAUD TO BE FERRETED OUT

BYLINE: KEVIN GRAHAM, Times Staff Writer

SECTION: TAMPA BAY; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 413 words

DATELINE: TAMPA



HIGHLIGHT: Federal agents aim to prosecute 100 cases by the end of the year.


Having identified Florida as ground zero for mortgage fraud in the country,
Tampa Bay's top federal law enforcement authorities are concentrating resources
to investigate and prosecute as many as 100 cases by the end of the year.

The goal of the surge: restore confidence in the real estate market and send a
message that "mortgage fraud won't be tolerated," said A. Brian Albritton, U.S.
attorney for the Middle District of Florida, which includes Tampa, Orlando,
Jacksonville and Fort Myers. "This is a huge problem, and a huge problem
deserves a huge response," Albritton said Thursday. "I want people to know that
law enforcement and the U.S. Attorney's Office are not treating this as business
as usual."

Mortgage fraud investigations can take years to get to trial. Albritton's push
to expedite that will require each of his 105 prosecutors to handle a mortgage
fraud case, in addition to their regular workload.

Steven Ibison, Tampa's FBI special agent in charge, said his agents, along with
those from other state and federal agencies, have made the mortgage fraud
crackdown a top priority.

"The mortgage fraud problem hits everybody that owns property here in Florida,"
Ibison said. "Because of the issues here and some of the high-risk mortgages,
we've all lost equity in our homes."

Last month, the Justice Department announced its plan to target foreclosure
rescue scams and loan modification fraud. The Obama administration has begun
efforts to stabilize the housing market through the Making Home Affordable
program, aimed at helping eligible homeowners refinance or modify mortgages.

Here in Florida, Albritton and Ibison agree that greed contributed to the
crisis.

"We just had such a tremendous real estate market. There was money to be made,
and people thought it was going to go on forever," Albritton said.

As the market collapsed and homes went into foreclosure, fraud schemes
unraveled, he said.

The 10-month surge, which began in March, represents the first phase of the
crackdown.

Investigators will first focus on retailers, those who purchased the homes
through fraudulent mortgages.

Albritton anticipates the investigation will then snag professionals such as
loan officers and brokers, which could lead to charges against financial
institutions.

Kevin Graham can be reached at kgraham@sptimes.com or (813) 226-3433.

Fast facts

To report fraud

To report suspected mortgage fraud, visit tampa.fbi.gov on the Web or call the
FBI Tampa tip line toll-free at 1-866-838-1153.

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: U.S. Attorney A. Brian Albritton calls it "a huge problem."

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2009 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             627 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     June 20, 1992, Saturday, Final Edition

When a Borrower Stretches the Truth

Kenneth R. Harney

SECTION: REAL ESTATE; PAGE E1; THE NATION'S HOUSING

LENGTH: 688 words


Though the vast majority of American mortgage borrowers tell the truth when they
apply for their home loans, lenders are discovering that a disturbing -- and
perhaps increasing -- percentage of them don't tell the whole truth.

They get around minimum down payment rules by fibbing about "gift" letters and
faking bank deposit verification forms.

They claim to have incomes that turn out to be overstated or invented.

They pledge on their honor that they will live in the house they're financing as
"owner-occupants," and then immediately turn into absentee landlords and rent
the property.

They submit bogus copies of their most recent federal and state tax filings,
signed by professional tax preparers who have been paid to go along with the
game.

Sound like rare occurrences? Not to the nation's experts in the burgeoning field
of home mortgage fraud, who met in Washington June 8 and 9 to swap war stories
and plot new defensive tactics.

Arthur Prieston, head of Lenders Legal Fraud Services Inc. of Pleasant Hill,
Calif., told of the 7,000 randomly selected loan files an affiliated firm
audited recently. One out of every nine, or about 11.3 percent, contained
"material misrepresentations" by borrowers, mortgage brokers, appraisers or
others.

In one case documented by Prieston, borrowers in suburban Los Angeles used a
fraudulent appraisal and other fake information to get an extra $ 300,000 from a
lender. The borrowers then took the loan money and fled the country. They never
moved in and never made a payment. During the six months it took the lender to
take legal action against the borrowers, thieves stripped the empty house of all
built-in and movable equipment, furnishings, bathroom hardware and even toilets.
That produced another $ 125,000 worth of loss to the house.

Doug Whitely, senior vice president of Republic Mortgage Insurance Corp. of
Winston-Salem, N.C., says borrower fraud is "unfortunately an everyday thing,"
especially in soft markets with high housing costs. Particularly dangerous from
a lender's perspective is any form of collusion among borrowers, home builders
and real estate agents.

Fully 40 percent of the mortgage insurance claims nationwide triggered by fraud
involve down payment misrepresentations, said John Hoff, vice president of MGIC,
a Milwaukee-based loan underwriter. But another 20 percent of MGIC's fraud
-related problems involve home borrowers who falsify their work or income
records. Techniques for doing this range from the prosaic to the highly
creative.

Unemployed borrowers, for example, arrange for the standard "verification of
employment" letters or telephone calls to go to friends or confederates who
confirm exactly what the borrower wrote on the application.

Fake tax returns are especially popular among self-employed borrowers, according
to Hoff. Using commercially available tax-preparation software, borrowers can
fabricate two or three years worth of federal and state income tax filings.
Alternatively, they can work with an unscrupulous professional tax preparer who
will create a return out of whole cloth.

Hoff recently talked to one tax preparer who admitted that he'd been offered $
100 to simply say one word: "yes." If a loan processor called to verify that
he'd prepared the borrower's tax filings, all he'd have to utter was the single
word he'd been paid for.

Are lenders wising up to scams like these?

You bet, say representatives of some of the largest home mortgage sources in the
country.

The Federal National Mortgage Association and the Federal Home Loan Mortgage
Corp. both have instituted aggressive antifraud campaigns. Mortgage insurers
such as MGIC now train individual lenders nationwide on how to spot the telltale
"red flags" that often accompany fraudulent applications.

Even more significant, according to the lenders, is their determination to
prosecute borrowers who rip them off. "It's not nice to violate federal law by
lying on your loan application to us," said an official of one large mortgage
lender.  "If we find out that you stole our money, we're going to ... send you
to jail if we can."

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

GRAPHIC: ILLUSTRATION, WILLIAM T. COULTER

TYPE: COLUMN

                       Copyright 1992 The Washington Post


                             628 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Accounting Today

                                 March 1, 2011

Coming Events

SECTION: PRACTICE RESOURCES; Pg. 34 Vol. 25 No. 3

LENGTH: 1028  words


MARCH

13-16: 18th Annual CFO Rising Conference & Exhibition: Creating a Sustainable
Edge, CFO Magazine. Orlando, Fla. Contact: www.cfo.com/conferences.

14: Fraud Prevention, Association of Certified Fraud Examiners. Washington, D.C.
Contact: www.acfe.com.

15-16: Digital Forensics Tools & Techniques, Association of Certified Fraud
Examiners. Washington, D.C. Contact: www.acfe.com.

17: Controllers Conference, Center for Corporate Financial Leadership. Donald E.
Stephens Convention Center, Rosemont, Ill. Contact: (800) 993-0393 or
www.icpas.org.

17: Creating Your Brand Using Social Media, Association for Accounting
Marketing. Online and by phone. Contact: www.accountingmarketing.org/.

21: Building Your Fraud Examination Practice, Association of Certified Fraud
Examiners. Chicago. Contact: www.acfe.com.

21-22: Introduction to International Tax, Networking Seminars Inc. New York
City. Contact: (877) 500-1510.

21-22: Transfer Pricing, Networking Seminars Inc. New York City. Contact: (877)
500-1510.

22-23: Mortgage Fraud, Association of Certified Fraud Examiners. Chicago.
Contact: www.acfe.com.

28: Inbound Tax Planning, Networking Seminars Inc. New York City. Contact: (877)
500-1510.

28-31: CFE Exam Review, Association of Certified Fraud Examiners. Austin, Texas.
Contact: www.acfe.com.

APRIL

22: Tax Season Issues - Roundtable Discussion, New York State Society of CPAs,
Nassau Chapter Small Firm MAP Committee. On Parade Diner, Woodbury, N.Y.
Contact: Scott Sanders (516) 938-5219.

25: Government Conference, Illinois CPA Society. DoubleTree Hotel Chicago, Oak
Brook, Ill. Contact: Contact: (800) 993-0393 or www.icpas.org.

26: Government Conference, Illinois CPA Society. Crowne Plaza Hotel,
Springfield, Ill. Contact: Contact: (800) 993-0393 or www.icpas.org.

27: Post-Tax Season Roundtable, National Conference of CPA Practitioners,
Nassau/Suffolk Chapter. On Parade Diner, Woodbury, N.Y. Contact: Chapter office
(516) 997-9500.

30-May 1: Northeast Regional Education Conference, American Association of
Attorney-CPAs. Contact: www.attorney-cpa.com.

MAY

4-5: Third Annual Accounting Technology Show, Penn Plaza Pavilion, Hotel
Pennsylvania, New York City. Contact: www.flaggmgmt.com/ny or (212) 286-0333.

4-6: Advanced Sales Tax Workshop, Sales Tax Institute. Hotel Palomar Dallas,
Dallas. Contact: www.salestaxinstitute.com.

5: Section 504 Improvements and State Tax & Filing Update, National Conference
of CPA Practitioners, Massachusetts Chapter. Sheraton Needham Hotel, Needham,
Mass. Contact: Jeffrey Winer (508) 879-0408.

5: How to Close a Deal - Acquisitions & Sale, National Conference of CPA
Practitioners, Nassau/Suffolk Chapter. The Holiday Inn of Plainview, Plainview,
N.Y. Contact: Chapter office (516) 997-9500.

10: Buying and Selling Your Practice, National Conference of CPA Practitioners,
Westchester/Rockland Chapter. Tarrytown Doubletree, Tarrytown, N.Y. Contact:
(914) 708-9404.

11-13: Spring Conference, National Conference of CPA Practitioners. Madison,
Washington, D.C. Contact: (888) 488-5400.

18-19: 17th Annual New Jersey Accounting, Business and Technology Show &
Conference, Meadowlands Convention Center, Secaucus, N.J. Contact:
www.flaggmgmt.com/nj or (212) 286-0333.

19: Mergers & Acquisitions, New York State Society of CPAs, Nassau Chapter Small
Firm MAP Committee. On Parade Diner, Woodbury, N.Y. Contact: Scott Sanders (516)
938-5219.

25: Protect Your CPA Business from Fraud in Your Client's Business, National
Conference of CPA Practitioners, Nassau/Suffolk Chapter. On Parade Diner,
Woodbury, N.Y. Contact: Chapter office (516) 997-9500.

JUNE

1-3: Single Audit Series CPE, YellowBook CPE. Phoenix. Contact:
www.yellowbook-cpe.com.

1-3: Basics of Sales and Use Tax, Sales Tax Institute. Millennium Knickerbocker
Hotel, Chicago. Contact: www.salestaxinstitute.com.

2: Where's the Money?? National Conference of CPA Practitioners, Nassau/Suffolk
Chapter. Holiday Inn of Plainview, Plainview, N.Y. Contact: Chapter office (516)
997-9500.

6-7: 27th Annual California Accounting & Business Show & Conference, Los Angeles
Airport Hilton Hotel, Los Angeles. Contact: www.flaggmgmt.com/ca or (212)
286-0333.

7-10: 22nd Annual Summit, Association for Accounting Marketing. Fairmont Chicago
Millennium Park, Chicago. Contact: www.accountingmarketing.org.

8-10: Single Audit Series CPE, YellowBook CPE. Fort Worth, Texas. Contact:
www.yellowbook-cpe.com.

8-11: 2011 Annual Consultants' Conference, Consultants' Training Institute,
National Association of Certified Valuation Analysts, and the Institute of
Business Appraisers. San Diego. Contact: http://edu.nacva.com.

12-17: 22nd Annual Fraud Conference & Exhibition, Association of Certified Fraud
Examiners. San Diego. Contact: www.acfe.com.

14: Ethics, National Conference of CPA Practitioners, Westchester/Rockland
Chapter. Tarrytown Doubletree, Tarrytown, N.Y. Contact: (914) 708-9404.

15-17: Single Audit Series CPE, YellowBook CPE. Orlando, Fla. Contact:
www.yellowbook-cpe.com.

16: Review of Partnership Agreements and Continuity of Practice Agreements, New
York State Society of CPAs, Nassau Chapter Small Firm MAP Committee. On Parade
Diner, Woodbury, N.Y. Contact: Scott Sanders (516) 938-5219.

23: Accounting & Auditing Update, National Conference of CPA Practitioners,
Nassau/Suffolk Chapter. The Holiday Inn of Plainview, Plainview, N.Y. Contact:
Chapter office (516) 997-9500.

25-30: 48th Annual Meeting & Education Conference, American Association of
Attorney-CPAs. Cruise to Bermuda (departing from Baltimore). Contact:
www.attorney-cpa.com.

29: How to Survive Your Client's Sales Tax Audit, National Conference of CPA
Practitioners, Nassau/Suffolk Chapter. On Parade Diner, Woodbury, N.Y. Contact:
Chapter office (516) 997-9500.

JULY

18-21: Principles of Fraud Examination, Association of Certified Fraud
Examiners. Austin, Texas. Contact: www.acfe.com.

AUGUST

22-24: Advanced Fraud Examination Techniques, Association of Certified Fraud
Examiners. Austin, Texas. Contact: www.acfe.com.

23-24: 31st Annual Midwest Accounting & Finance Showcase. Stephens Convention
Center, Rosemont, Ill. Contact: www.flaggmgmt.com/icpas or (212) 286-0333.

29-Sept. 1: CFE Exam Review, ACFE. Chicago. Contact: www.acfe.com.

URL: http://www.webcpa.com/

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ACT


                        Copyright 2011 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             629 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             June 28, 2005 Tuesday

HealthSouth reports huge losses for 2000 and 2001;
Ex-CEO awaits accounting fraud verdict

BYLINE: JULIE STEENHUYSEN AND BILL BERKROT, Reuters News Agency

SECTION: REPORT ON BUSINESS: INTERNATIONAL; REGULATION; Pg. B9

LENGTH: 468 words

DATELINE: CHICAGO and NEW YORK


HealthSouth Corp., working to recover from a massive accounting fraud, yesterday
reported, in a long-awaited federal filing, that it suffered huge losses in 2000
and 2001.

HealthSouth founder and ousted chief executive officer Richard Scrushy is
awaiting a jury verdict related to charges that he orchestrated a $2.7-billion
(U.S.) accounting fraud aimed at painting a rosier picture of the company's
financial health.

Outside accountants working for the operator of rehabilitation clinics and
surgical centres ultimately found the fraud totalled $3.9-billion.

The filing, which took more than one million hours of outside consultant time,
and cost more than $250-million, restated operating results for 2000 and 2001
and, for the first time, reported results for 2002 and 2003.

HealthSouth CEO Jay Grinney, in a statement, called the filing "a significant
achievement toward HealthSouth's recovery."

The Birmingham, Ala., company said it will not be current with its filings with
the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission until some time next year. It said
it will be unable to apply for relisting on a major exchange until then.

HealthSouth reported a restated 2000 loss of $364.2-million or 94 cents a share,
compared with a previously reported profit of $278.5-million or 71 cents.

The restated 2001 loss was $191.2-million or 49 cents a share, compared with its
previously reported profit of $202.4-million or 51 cents.

HealthSouth said that in 2002 its loss was $466.8-million or $1.18 a share. In
2003, its loss was $434.6-million or $1.10.

Mr. Scrushy received total bonuses of $23.1-million from 2000 to 2002 as the
fraud was taking place, according to the filing. He has denied any part in the
fraud.

Teams of forensic accountants, working for two years to unravel and determine
the extent of the fraud, found it resulted in a $3.9-billion net reduction in
shareholder equity.

The accountants were helped by former HealthSouth executives who had taken part
in the fraud and agreed to co-operate with the forensic audit as part of guilty
plea deals with the government.

Prosecutors have been using the $2.7-billion figure in Mr. Scrushy's criminal
fraud trial, but the company warned it would likely be closer to $4-billion.

"The more than two years since our last filing have been marked by profound
turmoil and change" during which "a significant portion of our time and
attention has been devoted to matters primarily outside the ordinary course of
business," the company said in the filing's executive overview.

The company still faces numerous securities and shareholder lawsuits.
HealthSouth said it is unable to determine the range of loss that might result
from an adverse judgment or a settlement, or whether it would have a material
adverse effect on its financial condition.

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2005 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             630 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                             April 6, 2006 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

10 new task forces across U.S. tackle identity, benefits, immigration fraud

BYLINE: Alicia Caldwell Denver Post Staff Writer

SECTION: DENVER & THE WEST; Pg. B-03

LENGTH: 302 words


Federal officials announced Wednesday that they have created task forces
designed to combat document, immigration and benefits fraud in Denver and nine
other cities.

U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement will bring together investigators from
various agencies to target criminal organizations that make counterfeit identity
documents and otherwise help noncitizens avoid deportation and obtain services
to which they are not entitled.

"These new task forces are badly needed to help combat the significant threats
posed by document and benefit fraud schemes," ICE assistant secretary Julie
Myers said in a written statement.

Agents from various federal agencies, including the Department of Labor, Social
Security Administration and the U.S. Postal Inspection Service, will work with
U.S. attorney's offices to form a plan to target the criminal organizations
involved.

If a link to terrorism is discovered, the case would be referred to the
appropriate Joint Terrorism Task Force.

Along with the Denver task force, the other Document and Benefit Fraud Task
Forces will be in Atlanta; Boston; Dallas; Detroit; Los Angeles; New York;
Newark, N.J.; Philadelphia; and St. Paul, Minn.

The 10 new task forces build upon the success of an existing one in the
Washington and northern Virginia area.

Investigators are finding large-scale criminal organizations involved in these
schemes throughout the country.

In one case in Denver, according to ICE, agents discovered that members of the
Mexico-based Castorena family counterfeit document organization controlled cells
in at least 33 states. The cell "heads" paid as much as $15,000 a month to
leaders of the organization for the right to operate fake document franchises in
each U.S. city.

Staff writer Alicia Caldwell can be reached at 303-820-1930 or
acaldwell@denverpost.com.

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2006 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             631 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 26, 2016 Wednesday

Twelve Defendants Plead Guilty to Marriage and Visa Immigration Fraud

LENGTH: 1009 words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office for the United States Attorneys, Southern District of
Mississippi has issued the following news release:



  United States Attorney Gregory K. Davis and Special Agent in Charge Raymond R.
Parmer Jr., of Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) Homeland Security
Investigations - New Orleans Field Office, announced today that twelve
defendants have entered guilty pleas admitting to U-Visa fraud and marriage
fraud in two separate cases.





 Three defendants have entered guilty pleas to conspiracy charges in both cases.
Sachin Girishkumar Patel, 33, of Clinton, Mississippi; Tarunkumar
Purushottambhai Patel, 49, of Kingdom City, Missouri; and Simpson Lloyd Goodman,
29, of Waynesboro, Georgia, admitted to their roles in conspiracies to commit
U-Visa fraud and to commit marriage fraud. Sachin G. Patel and Tarunkumar Patel
both admitted to conspiring to obtain fraudulent U-Visas for non-citizens and to
obtain fraudulent marriage visas by arranging fraudulent marriages to U.S.
citizens. Simpson Lloyd Goodman, a licensed attorney, admitted to drafting and
submitting false applications and documents in an attempt to fraudulently obtain
U-visas and marriage visas for otherwise ineligible individuals referred to him
by Sachin G. Patel and Tarunkumar Patel.



 In the 16 count U-Visa Fraud indictment, it is alleged that Law Enforcement
Certification forms purporting to certify that aliens were victims of certain
crimes, were submitted to the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS)
along with the U-Visa applications. The forms fraudulently listed individuals as
victims of certain crimes in Jackson, Mississippi in an effort to obtain
U-Visas. To be eligible for a U-Visa, the alien must have (1) been a victim of a
certain crime; (2) suffered mental or physical abuse as a result of the crime;
and (3) helped law enforcement officials in the investigation and/or prosecution
of the crime. In this case, the forms fraudulently listed individuals as victims
of certain crimes in an effort to obtain U-Visas.



 The defendants admitted that they were not victims of crime in Jackson,
Mississippi, and some of them admitted that they were not even in Jackson at the
time that the alleged crimes occurred. Officer Ivory Lee Harris of the Jackson
Police Department, admitted that he was paid in cash to prepare false police
reports that were submitted in support of the fraudulent U-Visa applications.



 The following defendants have entered guilty pleas in the U-Visa fraud case for
their roles in committing fraud and misuse of U-Visa permits:



 Sachin Girishkumar Patel, 33, of Clinton, Mississippi;



 Tarunkumar Purushottambhai Patel, 49, of Kingdom City, Missouri;



 Simpson Lloyd Goodman, 29, of Waynesboro, Georgia;



 Ivory Lee Harris, 45, of Jackson, Mississippi;



 Sanjay Rathilal Patel, 35, of Lakewood, New Jersey;



 Maheshkumar Mangaldas Patel, 50, of Houston, Texas; and



 Rajan Nareshkumar Patel, 31, currently incarcerated in Adams County,
Mississippi;



 Four other individuals charged in the U-Visa case are currently scheduled to go
to trial in January.



 In the 16 count marriage fraud indictment, it is alleged that the aliens would
enter into marriages with citizens of the United States solely for the purpose
of obtaining immigration status to which the aliens would not otherwise be
entitled. These marriages were solely to obtain immigration status for the alien
partner, and the U.S. citizens were paid to enter into these fraudulent
marriages.



 The following defendants have entered guilty pleas in the marriage fraud case
for their roles in a conspiracy to commit marriage fraud:



 Sachin Girishkumar Patel, 33, of Clinton, Mississippi;



 Tarunkumar Purushottambhai Patel, 49, of Kingdom City, Missouri;



 Simpson Lloyd Goodman, 29, of Waynesboro, Georgia;



 Chirag Nilesh Patel, 27, of St. Louis, Missouri;



 Dana Cheetara Adams, 29, of Plano, Texas;



 Brandy Nicole Edwards, 34, of Crystal Springs, Mississippi



 Virendra Rambachan Rajput, 45, of Lawrence, Massachusetts; and



 Javona Shanice Rajput, 27, of Jackson, Mississippi



 Three other individuals charged in the marriage fraud indictment are currently
scheduled to go to trial in January.



 "We are committed to protecting our nation's immigration system from all forms
of fraud," said U.S. Attorney Gregory Davis. "The integrity of our nation's
immigration system will continue to be a priority of this office as we work
together with our outstanding law enforcement partners at HSI and USCIS."



 "It is an honor and privilege to become an American citizen", said Special
Agent in Charge of HSI New Orleans Raymond R. Parmer, Jr. "Fraudulently
obtaining citizenship compromises the integrity of our legal immigration system.
We will continue to work with our state and federal partners to bring violators
of our immigration laws to justice." Parmer is the Special Agent in Charge of
the New Orleans field office with responsibility for Mississippi, Arkansas,
Alabama, Louisiana, and Tennessee.



 The maximum penalties for the crimes charged in the indictments are: conspiracy
to commit fraud and misuse of visa permits - 5 years in prison and $250,000 fine
per count; fraud and misuse of Visa permits - 10 years in prison and a $250,000
fine per count; marriage fraud - 5 years in prison and $250,000 fine per count;
mail fraud - 20 years in prison and a $250,000 fine per count; and wire fraud -
20 years in prison and a $250,000 fine.



 This case was investigated by Homeland Security Investigations, the Mississippi
Attorney General's Office, and the Federal Bureau of Investigation. The case is
being prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorneys Jerry Rushing and Dave Fulcher.



 As to those defendants who have not entered a guilty plea, the public is
reminded that an indictment is a formal charge that a defendant has committed a
violation of the federal criminal laws. All defendants are presumed innocent
unless and until proven guilty.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             632 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                             August 4, 2015 Tuesday

Four Men Charged with Trafficking in Pet Products with Counterfeit Labels

LENGTH: 514  words


An indictment was recently unsealed in Houston charging four men with various
offenses based on their roles in smuggling pet products with counterfeit labels
into the United States.
Assistant Attorney General Leslie R. Caldwell of the Justice Department's
Criminal Division, U.S. Attorney Kenneth Magidson of the Southern District of
Texas, Special Agent in Charge Catherine A. Hermsen of the Food and Drug
Administration - Office of Criminal Investigations (FDA-OCI) Kansas City,
Missouri, Field Office and Special Agent in Charge Brian M. Moskowitz of the
U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement Homeland Security Investigations' (HSI)
Houston Field Office made the announcement.


Iain Nigel MacKellar, 58, of England; Lam Ngoc Tran, aka Mark Tran, 40, of
Fountain Valley, California; Allen Smith, 49, of Phoenix; and William Humphreys,
58, of Laguna Hills, California, were indicted on July 9, 2015.  They are
charged with conspiracy to commit wire fraud, mail fraud and trafficking in
counterfeit labels, and smuggling goods into the United States.  Mackellar and
Tran also are charged with additional counts of wire fraud, mail fraud,
trafficking in counterfeit labels and smuggling.  The defendants were suspected
members of one of the largest known groups of importers of counterfeit packaged
pet products.
Smith turned himself in to authorities this morning and made his initial
appearance before U.S. Magistrate Judge Mary Milloy.  Humphreys and Tran were
taken into custody in Phoenix and in California, respectively.  Tran made his
initial appearance in Houston on July 29, while Humphreys is set to appear
tomorrow before Judge Milloy.  MacKellar is considered a fugitive and a warrant
remains outstanding for his arrest.
The indictment alleges the defendants smuggled veterinary products that were not
manufactured for the U.S. market into the United States for distribution under
false labels, including Frontline and Frontline Plus pesticides manufactured by
Merial Pharmaceutical Company (Merial).  In some cases, the defendants allegedly
imported the products into the U.S. under the pretense that the products were
destined for use by charitable organizations, but instead distributed the
products to large retail outlets for commercial sale, according to the
indictment.
Merial did not participate in or authorize the alleged unlawful conduct.  All
known counterfeit veterinary products have been removed from store shelves.
The charges contained in an indictment are merely accusations, and the
defendants are presumed innocent unless and until proven guilty.  This case is
being investigated by the FDA-OCI, HSI and the Environmental Protection Agency.
The case is being prosecuted by Assistant Deputy Chief John H. Zacharia of the
Criminal Division's Computer Crime and Intellectual Property Section (CCIPS) and
Assistant U.S. Attorneys Jennifer Lowery and Kebharu Smith of the Southern
District of Texas.  The U.S. Attorney's Office of the Central District of
California and the CCIPS Cybercrime Lab provided significant assistance. 2015
Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: August 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             633 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 26, 2014 Friday

Washington: Former Owner of Durable Medical Equipment Company Arrested in Health
Care Fraud and Money Laundering Scheme

LENGTH: 507  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

A Miami man was arrested today on health care fraud and money laundering charges
in connection with an alleged $24 million scheme to defraud Medicare.

Assistant Attorney General Leslie R. Caldwell of the Justice Department's
Criminal Division; U.S. Attorney Wifredo A. Ferrer of the Southern District of
Florida; Special Agent in Charge George L. Piro of the FBI's Miami Field Office;
Special Agent in Charge Paul Wysopal of the FBI's Tampa Field Office; Special
Agent in Charge Perrye K. Turner of the FBI's Houston Field Office; Special
Agent in Charge Derrick Jackson of the U.S. Department of Health and Human
Services, Office of Inspector General's (HHS-OIG) Miami Regional Office; and
Special Agent in Charge Mike Fields of HHS-OIG's Dallas Regional Office made the
announcement.

Angel M. Mirabal, 61, of Miami, was arrested on a previously sealed indictment
returned by a grand jury in the Southern District of Florida charging him with
conspiracy to commit health care fraud and conspiracy to commit money laundering
of health care fraud proceeds, as well as 10 substantive money laundering
counts.

According to the indictment, Mirabal operated Quick Solutions Medical Supplies
Inc., a durable medical equipment (DME) supply company located in Houston,
Texas. From April 2010 through July 2013, Mirabal allegedly conspired with
individuals who operated other DME companies to submit approximately $24 million
in fraudulent claims for reimbursement to Medicare. These claims represented
that Quick Solutions and others provided DME, such as wound care supplies, to
Medicare beneficiaries when, in fact, these items were not medically necessary
and were not actually provided. Many of the Medicare beneficiaries who
supposedly received DME from Quick Solutions resided hundreds of miles away in
Miami. Mirabal and his co-conspirators allegedly used fraudulent shell companies
to launder and disburse the proceeds from the health care fraud scheme.

An indictment is only an accusation, and a defendant is presumed innocent until
and unless proven guilty.

This case is being investigated by the FBI and HHS-OIG and was brought as part
of the Medicare Fraud Strike Force, under the supervision of the Criminal
Division's Fraud Section and U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of
Florida. This case is being prosecuted by Trial Attorney Timothy P. Loper of the
Criminal Division's Fraud Section.

Since its inception in March 2007, the Medicare Fraud Strike Force, now
operating in nine cities across the country, has charged nearly 2,000 defendants
who have collectively billed the Medicare program for more than $6 billion. In
addition, the HHS Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, working in
conjunction with the HHS-OIG, are taking steps to increase accountability and
decrease the presence of fraudulent providers.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             634 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  Times Colonist (Victoria, British Columbia)

                            April 20, 2011 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Ex-Taylor, Bean boss guilty of bank fraud

BYLINE: Bloomberg News

SECTION: WORKING; Pg. B4

LENGTH: 146  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, VA.


Lee Farkas, the former chairman of Taylor, Bean & Whitaker Mortgage Corp., was
found guilty Tuesday of 14 counts of conspiracy and bank, wire and securities
fraud in what prosecutors said was one of the largest and longest-running bank
frauds in the U.S.

A federal jury in Alexandria, Virginia, returned the verdict after one day of
deliberations. Farkas, who was free during the trial, was taken into custody. He
faces a maximum sentence of 30 years on the conspiracy and bank-fraud charges
and 20 years or more on the wire-fraud and securities-fraud counts when he is
sentenced on July 1.

Prosecutors said Farkas, 58, orchestrated a $3-billion fraud involving fake
mortgage assets that duped some of the largest financial institutions in the
U.S., targeted the federal bank bailout program and contributed to the failures
of Taylor Bean and Montgomery, Alabama-based Colonial Bank.

LOAD-DATE: April 20, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2011 Times Colonist, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication Inc.

                              All Rights Reserved


                             635 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             July 9, 2016 Saturday
                                Suburban Edition

Digest

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A03

LENGTH: 408 words

FLORIDA

Rep. Brown indicted over charity scheme

Rep. Corrine Brown (D-Fla.) and her chief of staff have been indicted on federal
corruption and fraud charges related to her role in an allegedly fraudulent
charity scheme.

In the 24-count indictment released Friday, Brown and her chief of staff, Elias
"Ronnie" Simmons, of Laurel, Md., face charges of conspiracy, mail and wire
fraud, and filing false tax returns.

The pair is accused of participating in a scheme to solicit more than $800,000
in donations for the One Door for Education scholarship fund that were instead
used "for personal and professional benefit," including the use of luxury boxes
at a concert and a football game in the Washington, D.C., area, according to the
Justice Department. The government alleges that despite this cash haul, One Door
distributed only two scholarships totaling $1,200 to cover college expenses.

Assistant Attorney General Leslie R. Caldwell said in a statement that Brown and
Simmons used the donations as a "personal slush fund."

Brown and Simmons pleaded not guilty Friday in a Jacksonville, Fla., federal
court, according to the Associated Press.

- Kelsey Snell

EDUCATION

10 more states sue on transgender directive

Ten additional states are suing the Obama administration to stop a directive
that requires schools to allow transgender students to use bathrooms aligned
with their gender identity under the threat of losing federal funding, bringing
the total number of states challenging the guidance to 21.

Nebraska Attorney General Doug Peterson announced the lawsuit, filed in federal
court in that state, Friday afternoon. Nebraska is joined by nine other states:
Arkansas, Kansas, Michigan, Montana, North Dakota, Ohio, South Carolina, South
Dakota and Wyoming.

The Obama administration, via the Education and Justice departments, issued
guidance to schools in May directing them to allow transgender students to use
bathrooms that align with their gender identity.

This is the second lawsuit brought by a group of states over the directive.
Eleven states, along with the Arizona Department of Education, filed a lawsuit
in federal court in Texas two weeks after the guidance was issued, arguing that
the administration had overstepped its authority.

This week, Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton asked the court to allow localities
to ignore the guidance while the case proceeds, hoping to stop it in its tracks
before school starts in the fall.

- Moriah Balingit

LOAD-DATE: July 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2016 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                             636 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                          February 15, 2012 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

$4.1B recovered in fight against health care fraud;
Investigations bolstered by patrol teams

BYLINE: Kelly Kennedy, USA TODAY

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4A

LENGTH: 361 words


Investigators recovered a record-breaking $4.1billion in health care fraud money
during 2011, a reflection of the Obama administration's increased focus on
fighting fraud, Justice Department officials announced Tuesday.

Between 2009 and 2011, the federal government has collected $7.20 for every
dollar spent on fighting fraud, according to the Department of Health and Human
Services (HHS) inspector general. That's a jump from the $5.10 for every dollar
spent between 1997 and 2008, records show.

"It demonstrates that our collaborative efforts to prevent, identify and
prosecute the most egregious instances of health care fraud have never been
stronger," Attorney General Eric Holder said. "Over the years, we've seen that
as these crimes harm all of us -- government agencies and programs, insurers and
health care providers and individual patients."

Officials attributed much of the progress to nine patrol teams that moved into
cities, such as Chicago and Miami, to investigate crime trends. The government
increased funding to Senior Medicare Patrol teams from $9 million in 2010 to $18
million in 2011 in the form of Administration on Aging grants in fraud-rich
states, such as California and Michigan. The 2010 federal health care law also
increased funding to fraud-fighting efforts by $350 million.

The Health Care Fraud Prevention and Enforcement Action Teams, known as HEAT,
sent 175 people to prison, where the average sentence was 47 months, according
to the Justice Department.

The teams were created in 2009. "I expect that we will be expanding those
efforts to additional cities," said Peter Budetti, director for the Centers for
Medicare and Medicaid Services' Center for Program Integrity.

HHS Secretary Kathleen Sebelius said her budget would include $300 million to
pay for new anti-fraud teams. The locations of the new teams would be secret,
Sebelius said, and determined by trends spotted by analyzing various department
data.

In 2011, civil health care fraud cases brought in $2.4 billion under the False
Claims Act, while the Justice Department filed criminal charges against 1,430
people for health care fraud -- the most ever in a single year.

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2012 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             637 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Hutchinson News (Kansas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            April 17, 2010 Saturday

BRIEF: Benefits fraud is targeted

BYLINE: The Hutchinson News, Kan.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 250 words


Apr. 17--TOPEKA -- The Kansas Department of Labor is taking additional measures
to detect unemployment insurance fraud with the creation of a new section on the
department's Web site.

The new unemployment fraud section allows anyone to report suspected fraud
through an online submission form, a printable form or by calling the Fraud
Investigations unit directly.

Unemployment fraud is the willful misrepresentation of information by a worker
to collect unemployment benefits, or a misrepresentation by an employer to allow
an ineligible worker to receive unemployment benefits or to avoid the
distribution of unemployment benefits.

Kansas law allows for penalties against claimants and employers who commit
unemployment fraud.

If you believe someone is fraudulently collecting unemployment benefits, report
it to KDOL's Fraud Investigations unit at www.dol.ks.gov/fraud/fraud.html or by
calling (785) 296-6480.

Incidents of employer misclassification can be reported to the Kansas Department
of Labor and the Kansas Department of Revenue online. All allegations of fraud
are investigated.

To see more of The Hutchinson News or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.hutchnews.com. Copyright (c) 2010, The Hutchinson News, Kan.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: April 17, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100417-VZ-BRF-Benefits-fraud-is-targeted-0417

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: VZ


                       Copyright 2010 The Hutchinson News


                             638 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Charleston Daily Mail (West Virginia)

                             June 24, 2008, Tuesday

Grand jury indicts nine people on insurance fraud charges

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P5A

LENGTH: 437 words


A Kanawha County grand jury has indicted nine individuals for various insurance
fraud-related charges, West Virginia Insurance Commissioner Jane Cline said.

"This represents a commitment by our office ass well as the Kanawha County
Prosecutors Office, to address the real crime of insurance fraud," Cline said.

"For many years, and prior to the creation of the Offices of the Insurance
Commissioner's Fraud Unit in 2004, insurance fraud was not something that was
specifically targeted in and of itself," Cline said.

Indicted last week were:

-Grady C. Bragg Jr., 52, of Carbon on one felony count of "obtaining money by
fraudulent scheme" in excess of $1,000. Bragg is accused of continuing to work
various construction jobs while continuing to claim workers' compensation
temporary disability benefits.

-Karen Hodges, 34, of St. Albans on one felony count of "obtaining money by
false pretenses" in excess of $1,000. Hodges allegedly cashed a check issued by
State Farm for damages to her car and then reported she never received the
check.

-Madisabeth Conner, 36, of Ocala, Fla., and formerly of Charleston on one felony
count of filing a false claim to an insurance company, one felony count of
"obtaining money by false pretenses" in excess of $1,000 and one felony count of
forging and uttering.

-Wilson D. Yeager Jr., 48, of Logan on four felony counts of uttering a forged
document to workers' compensation. Yeager allegedly forged and submitted an
"attending physicians report" on four occasions in order to continue receiving
temporary disability benefits.

-Virgil R. Weikle, 63, of Prenter on one felony count of failure to subscribe to
workers' compensation, four felony counts of failure to file tax reports and one
felony count of making a false report to workers' compensation. Weikle, who
owned Flowers and More, allegedly failed to subscribe to workers' compensation,
reported that he had no employees and did not file required tax reports.

-Harriet Miller, 60, of Georgetown, S.C., and Kevin R. Sexton, Miller's husband,
were each indicted on one felony count of fraudulent schemes. They allegedly
schemed to have Miller pose as an individual who had been entitled to workers'
compensation benefits when, in fact, that person had died in 1987.

-Chad J. Haynes, 34, and his wife, Tracy Haynes, 32, both of Kenna, were each
indicted on one felony count of obtaining money by false pretenses. They
allegedly reported their 2001 Yamaha motorcycle stolen in 2003 and subsequently
filed a claim with State Farm stating that the bike was worth $7,000. Last year
the motorcycle was reportedly found at a relative's residence.

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 Charleston Newspapers


                             639 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                            October 4, 2007 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

CONSUMERS BEING LEFT OUT IN CRAFTING PIP REVISION

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 15A

LENGTH: 328 words


At the core of the discontent with Florida's no-fault vehicle insurance system
(Personal Injury Protection, or PIP, coverage that was required before Oct. 1)
is fraud. So it puzzles me that the legislative proposals to extend PIP fail to
address this issue ("Compromise may be reached on continuing with PIP,"
Wednesday).

If PIP is to be extended during the special session, I strongly recommend
financing additional prosecutors dedicated to putting the bad actors where they
belong -- in jail and out of business. When Miami-Dade County added a single
attorney dedicated to prosecuting fraud, the county saw a 20 percent increase in
the prosecution of fraudulent claims and an 85 percent increase in jail time for
offenders. California has more than 40 special prosecutors assigned to combat
insurance fraud; New Jersey, 39; Pennsylvania, 23; Massachusetts 11. Even states
with a fraction of our population -- South Carolina, Arkansas, Hawaii,
Louisiana, Maryland, Nevada, Oklahoma and Utah -- have more dedicated
prosecutors than Florida.

Understanding the importance of the problem, California just quadrupled
insurance company assessments to add investigators and prosecutors, as
recommended by the state's Insurance Fraud Assessment Authority.

Whether PIP is the correct standard for responsible insurance coverage is an
issue that needs to be addressed. Right now, negotiations are being held behind
closed doors, and guess who is not included? Consumer groups. I recommend that
Florida's chief financial officer, the insurance commissioner and the consumer
advocate host comprehensive, intensive workshops that include not only the
big-money players but consumer, senior citizen and minority organizations. After
all, consumers are ultimately where the buck comes from.

WALTER DARTLAND,

executive director

Consumer Federation of the Southeast

Tallahassee

Editor's note: The Consumer Federation of the Southeast is a not-for-profit
consumer advocacy group founded in 2003.

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  Letters to the Editor

DOCUMENT-TYPE: LETTER

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2007 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             640 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 30, 2014 Thursday

Hawaii: Three Indicted in Stolen Identity Refund Fraud Ring

LENGTH: 316  words

DATELINE: Honolulu


Department of Justice, The State of Hawaii has issued the following news
release:

Tamaica Hoskins and Roberta Pyatt, of Phenix City, Alabama, and Lashelia
Alexander, of Columbus, Georgia, were indicted for their roles in a stolen
identity refund fraud (SIRF) conspiracy, Acting Deputy Assistant Attorney
General Larry J. Wszalek for the Justice Department's Tax Division and U.S.
Attorney George L. Beck Jr. for the Middle District of Alabama announced today
following the unsealing of the indictment.

According to the indictment, in 2014, Hoskins and Pyatt obtained stolen
identities and used those identities to file more than 1,000 federal income tax
returns that claimed more than $4 million in tax refunds.  In order to carry out
their fraud scheme, Hoskins and Pyatt opened up bank accounts in order to
receive tax preparation fees.  In addition, Hoskins and Pyatt printed out
fraudulent tax refunds using check stock provided by the financial institutions.
Hoskins, Pyatt and Alexander caused the fraudulent checks to be cashed at
several businesses and banks.

If convicted, the defendants face a statutory maximum potential sentence of 20
years in prison for the conspiracy to commit wire fraud count and for each wire
fraud count, a statutory maximum sentence of 10 years in prison for each theft
of public money count and a mandatory two-year sentence in prison for the
aggravated identity theft counts.  The defendants are also subject to fines,
forfeiture and mandatory restitution, if convicted.

The case was investigated by special agents of the Internal Revenue Service -
Criminal Investigation.  Trial Attorneys Michael Boteler and Gregory Bailey of
the Tax Division and Assistant U.S. Attorney Todd Brown for the Middle District
of Alabama are prosecuting the case.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             641 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             National Mortgage News

                                 June 14, 2010

Five Indicted in Fraud Scheme

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 23 Vol. 34 No. 37

LENGTH: 314  words


Five people have been indicted by the federal grand jury on mortgage fraud
charges, said Daniel Bogden, U.S. attorney for the District of Nevada.

Lloyd H. Gardley, 56, and Candis Gardley, 53, of Chandler, Ariz.; Suzanne
McAllister, 32, of Las Vegas; Arcell Mitchell Jr., 31, of Fort Riley, Kan.; and
Sharon Wagner, 61, of Sun City West, Ariz., are charged with conspiracy to
commit bank fraud, mail fraud and wire fraud, six counts of bank fraud, and
criminal forfeiture.

Arrest warrants have been issued for the Gardleys and Mitchell. Defendants
McAllister and Wagner were summoned, and are scheduled for an initial appearance
before a U.S. magistrate judge in Las Vegas.

Lloyd Gardley was president, director, secretary and resident agent of Prolific
Management Inc., a Nevada corporation, and registered agent of Avante Conquest,
a Nevada limited liability company. Lloyd and Candis Gardley were managing
members of Excel Consulting, a Nevada limited liability company. Candis Gardley
was president and resident agent of Oakhill Management Inc., a Nevada
corporation. McAllister was an assistant escrow officer and notary at Lawyers
Title, Mitchell worked as a loan officer for Valley Mortgage Group and Wagner
was a Realtor for Coldwell Banker Wardley. None of the defendants or their
companies could be reached for comment.

The indictment alleges that from about 2005 to April 2007, the defendants
devised a mortgage fraud scheme, which involved the use of straw buyers and the
submission of false information to financial institutions in order to obtain
mortgage loans. The defendants allegedly solicited persons to act as straw
buyers to purchase real estate, and in some instances the defendants had the
straw buyers purchase multiple houses at or about the same time. Prosecutors say
the defendants caused mortgage applications that contained fraudulent
information to be submitted.

URL: http://www.nationalmortgagenews.com//

LOAD-DATE: June 14, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NMN


                        Copyright 2010 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             642 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Deal Pipeline

                           November 5, 2015 Thursday

Court approves final distributions in Provident Capital case, concluding
receivership

BYLINE: by Donna Horowitz

LENGTH: 456 words


A federal court has approved final distributions recommended by a receiver in
the Provident Capital Indemnity Ltd. case fraud, the Securities and Exchange
Commission said Tuesday, Nov. 3.

The Sept. 30 decision by the U.S. District Court in Richmond, Va., concludes the
receivership in the commission's litigation against the Costa Rican company that
claimed to be selling life settlement bonds.

Court-appointed receiver Richard Roper of Thompson & Knight LLP of Dallas has
distributed about $2.3 million to about 2,000 victims of life settlement
offerings purportedly bonded by Provident.

After payment of fees and expenses, any remaining money will go to the U.S.
Marshal to pay Provident's asset-forfeiture obligation in a parallel criminal
case.

The SEC's case goes back to January 2011 when it charged Provident, former
president Minor Vargas Calvo and purported outside auditor Jorge Castillo with
conducting a massive life settlement bonding fraud.

In a parallel criminal case brought by the U.S. Attorney's Office in Richmond,
Vargas was sentenced to 60 years in prison in October 2012. He was convicted on
one count of conspiracy to commit mail and wire fraud, three counts of mail
fraud, three counts of wire fraud and three counts of money laundering. Castillo
was sentenced to 4Â½ years in prison in November 2012 on one count of conspiring
to commit mail and wire fraud.

They were accused of carrying out the fraud in which many life settlement
companies bought life extension coverage, including A&O Life Funds in Texas and
Quality Investments BV of the Netherlands, which faced their own criminal
prosecutions.

The SEC accused the company of providing financial guarantee bonds of life
insurance policies, which intermediaries packaged and sold as bonded life
settlements throughout the U.S. and abroad.

Between at least 2004 through March 2010, Provident issued about 197 bonds with
a face value of more than $670 million.

The SEC said that Provident, Vargas and Castillo misrepresented Provident's
ability to satisfy its obligations under the bonds. They made material
misrepresentations about the assets backing the bonds, the company's credit
rating, the availability of reinsurance to cover claims and whether Provident's
financial statements had been audited.

In addition to Vargas and Castillo, the SEC said it also named Desarrollos
Comerciales Ronim SA, Provident's managing agent, as a defendant.

The SEC's case was resolved by a series of judgments entered by the court in
2012. Provident, Vargas and Desarrollos were ordered to disgorge $43.6 million,
which was reduced by the amount paid in the criminal case.

Provident also was ordered to pay prejudgment interest and a civil penalty of
$13.8 million.

DEAL SIZE

Undisclosed

LOAD-DATE: November 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Article

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                        Copyright 2015 The Deal, L.L.C.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             643 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald Tribune (Florida)

                           December 12, 2009 Saturday

Money Briefs

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. A9

LENGTH: 479 words


COLUMN: Money Briefs

Insider trading case

A former lawyer pleaded guilty in federal court in New York Thursday to
securities fraud, admitting a role in a $53 million insider trading case already
brought against 20 others. The case involves Marlboro-based 3Com Corp.

Brien Santarlas, 33, of Hoboken, N.J., entered the plea in U.S. District Court
in Manhattan. He is the third lawyer charged in the case; in October a
prosecutors said it is the largest hedge fund insider trading scheme ever
prosecuted.

The Securities and Exchange Commission announced civil charges against Mr.
Santarlas and said the secrets he disclosed regarding two deals made public in
2007 - Bain Capital Partners LLC's eventually unsuccessful bid for 3Com Corp.,
and TPG Capital's acquisition of Axcan Pharma Inc. - led to $20 million in
illegal profits. According to court papers, Mr. Santarlas received $7,500 in
cash for feeding tips about the 3Com deal and $25,000 in cash for secrets about
the Axcan acquisition. As part of his plea, Santarlas agreed to forfeit $42,500.

Fraud cost $133M

NEW YORK - On the anniversary of the arrest of Ponzi king Bernard Madoff, a fund
manager whose customers became spooked by Madoff's arrest and asked to retrieve
their own money pleaded guilty to fraud charges in a scheme the government says
cost investors $133 million.

James Nicholson, 43, of Saddle River, N.J., pleaded guilty in U.S. District
Court in Manhattan to securities fraud, investment adviser fraud and mail fraud
in what prosecutors said was a Ponzi scheme of his own.

Nicholson's scheme was discovered when he was unable to pay customers who tried
to retrieve their investments after hearing about Madoff.

Qteros official honored

MARLBORO - Susan Leschine, a professor at the University of Massachusetts at
Amherst, and co-founder of biofuels company Qteros, has been named one of the
Top 25 Women in Tech by technology and media blog AlwaysOn.

Those named to the blog's first list, intended to be an annual event, were
chosen for overall innovation, ability to identify new market opportunities and
creation of stakeholder value. A decade ago, Ms. Leschine discovered an
anaerobic microbe, now known as the Q Microbe, near the Quabbin Reservoir. Her
discovery and subsequent research led to the 2006 founding of Qteros, which is
using the microbe to make cellulosic ethanol from plant waste.

Six Flags plan OK'd

Six Flags Inc., the New York-based theme-park owner, which has a park in Agawam,
got court permission to finance its exit from bankruptcy using loans and a stock
sale, if the company wins approval of its reorganization proposal.

U.S. Bankruptcy Judge Christopher Sontchi approved the proposed $800 million
loan and a $450 million rights offering at a hearing Friday in Wilmington, Del.

Six Flags filed for bankruptcy in June with plans to cut debt by $1.8 billion.

From local and wire service reports

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: A former lawyer pleaded guilty in federal court in New York Thursday to
securities fraud, admitting a role in a $53 million insider trading case already
brought against 20 others. The case involves Marlboro-based 3Com Corp. Brien
Santarlas, 33, of Hoboken, N.J., entered the plea in U.S. District Court in
Manhattan. He is the third lawyer charged in the case; in October a prosecutors
said it is the largest hedge fund insider trading scheme ever prosecuted.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             644 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Property and Casualty 360

                               November 16, 2009

Crime Policies, Bonds, Seen Slim Cover For Ponzi, Mortgage Scams

BYLINE: SUSANNE SCLAFANE

SECTION: NEWS No. 11

LENGTH: 843  words


NU Online News Service, Nov. 16, 1:53 p.m. EST

CHICAGO

-Crime insurance and fidelity bonds provide only limited protection to financial
institutions and other insureds seeking to recover losses from fraudulent
operations like mortgage scams and Ponzi schemes, experts said.

They outlined this deficiency during a seminar held last week in Chicago by the
Minneapolis-based Professional Liability Underwriting Society, after session
participants urged insurance brokers to do more to help clients understand what
the products don't do.

John Wallace, director and product executive for CUNA Mutual Group of Madison,
Wis., said insureds mistakenly believe fidelity bonds are catchall policies that
cover every fraud or crime loss not covered by other insurance.

"You mean it doesn't?" they'll say in disbelief, Mr. Wallace reported, after he
and other panelists revealed the huge amount of fraud-particularly mortgage
fraud-that has emerged during the economic downturn, making the misunderstanding
about coverage even more problematic right now.

David DiBiase, a managing partner with Los Angeles-based law firm Anderson,
McPharlin & Conners LLP, said "simply because a crime has been committed does
not mean there will be coverage available for the consequent loss under a crime
policy."

Unlike professional liability insurance, crime insurance policies and financial
institution bonds are not third-party coverages, he stressed. "These are
first-party products. They provide first-party indemnity [only] for specified
perils."

The two insuring perils common to most crime insurance policies and bonds are:
employee dishonesty, covering situations where an insider has something to do
with the fraud, and "securities extended forgery," covering losses sustained in
connection with loans.

"It's limited to forged documents of a specific type [and] there are a lot of
terms, conditions and limitations," he said, explaining that even if a mortgage
loss is tainted with a forged document, it might not be covered under that
second insuring agreement.

Explaining reasons for the limitations and the general intent of the policies,
Mr. DiBiase said they exist to provide for frauds "that ordinarily are not
discerned through the course of due diligence and good banking and lending
practices."

He illustrated the point by showing a clip from the movie "Fargo" depicting a
lender calling a loan recipient for the identification numbers of vehicles he
used to secure a loan-after paying out the money.

"Documentation to follow" is not a prudent lending practice, and while the
lender may believe he has coverage under a financial institution bond because
the loan documents reflected non-existent vehicles, insurers don't intend to
cover lenders for poor risk management, he explained.

He went on to provide an extensive list of fraud situations where mortgage
lenders find no coverage under their crime policies:

· Inflated or fabricated income on a mortgage loan application

· Borrower lies about assets or net worth

· Untruth about whether the home is owner occupied

· A husband signs a loan application and gets the wife's signature forged

· Falsehood about source of down payment, like a photocopied bank statement with
some "zeros added to the left of the decimal point"

· False or inflated appraisal

While many PLUS attendees in the audience believed the forged signature
situation would be covered, Mr. DiBiase said none of these are covered.

"We don't cover crime through falsehoods on loan applications unless you have an
employee that is doing the lying," he said.

Edward Gallagher, general counsel for the Surety & Fidelity Association of
America, who moderated the panel, kicked off the session by reading off several
news headlines from around the nation about "fraud-for-profit" mortgage schemes,
involving the use of straw buyers and phony appraisers. These are different from
"fraud-for-housing" schemes, where loan applications are falsified by
individuals who want to live in the houses for which they seek loans, he said.

In the "for-profit" schemes, the fraud architects concoct scams to raise the
price of a house well above the true value, get loans for the inflated values,
pay legitimate sellers the real value and pocket the difference.

Mr. Wallace underscored the extent of the mortgage fraud problem by presenting
statistics from the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network, a unit of the
department of Treasury.

Statistics for suspicious activity reports (SARs) from depository institutions
involving mortgage loan fraud compiled at the end of 2006 revealed a 1,000
percent increase from SARs between 1997 and 2004, with the figures rising from
1,620 to 18,391, Mr. Wallace noted.

"This is still a problem today, he said, revealing that the 2008 report showed
the SARs ballooning at least 20 percent each year since 2004-to over 64,000 in
2008.

Insurance brokers on the panel also discussed the proliferation of Ponzi
schemes, like the one perpetrated by Bernard Madoff, also revealing a lack of
coverage under first-party crime policies and financial institution bonds.

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2009 The National Underwriter Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             645 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                      MAY 24, 2001 Thursday CITY-D EDITION

FBI rounds up 60 suspects in crackdown on Web fraud

BYLINE: Lenny Savino INQUIRER WASHINGTON BUREAU

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. A02

LENGTH: 889 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


The FBI is cracking down on Internet auction fraud, a tidal wave of crime that
now claims millions of victims a year.

The most common rip-offs are nondelivery, misrepresentation of goods, or "shill
bidding" - posting fake bids to drive up the price of merchandise. Of about 500
million Internet auction sales last year, the FBI says five million were scams.

The bureau said yesterday that it was working with local authorities to round up
88 major online scammers who had bilked victims nationwide out of $117 million,
mostly through Internet auction schemes. So far about 60 targets of "Operation
Cyber Loss" are in custody.

Many of the complaints that led to this week's charges were received by the
FBI's Internet Fraud Complaint Center (www.ifccfbi.gov) in Fairmont, W.Va.

The center, funded by the FBI and a consortium of law-enforcement agencies and
private companies, is a kind of national 911 for online fraud cases.

Most of the 56,170 victims who reported their cases to the FBI center in its
first year of operation live in New York, Pennsylvania, Florida, Texas and
California, FBI officials said.

Four cases, involving losses totaling more than $250,000, resulted from items
offered on eBay, a popular auction site based in San Francisco. One offered
classic cars for about $10,000 each that were never delivered. Another, which
also sold on the Yahoo auction site, stiffed 200 victims out of thousands of
dollars worth of Beanie Babies and computer games, FBI officials said.

Charles Sweet, 37, formerly of Key Largo, was charged by the FBI's Miami office
with accepting $72,724 for computer monitors and printers that he never
delivered to eBay customers between November 1999 and March 2000, according to
court papers. Sweet, who is still at large, faces up to five years in prison and
$1 million in fines.

Investment scams were another form of big-dollar Internet crime.

David Lohr, 34, of Fort Lauderdale, Fla., was charged yesterday with conspiracy
to commit wire fraud, securities fraud and money laundering for allegedly
stealing more than $13 million from customers who thought they were investing in
PaydayToday.com.

Lohr maintained that the company lent money to check-cashing companies for
interest payments of 30 percent a month, according to court papers.

The FBI says Lohr never lent money to anyone. He is alleged to have solicited
investors through his Web site with promises of 4 percent interest monthly. The
FBI seized a luxury boat and more than $6 million from Lohr's accounts.

Most victims of Internet auction fraud who contacted the FBI were males ages 20
to 50. The most common frauds involved Beanie Babies (27 percent); video
consoles, games and tapes (24 percent); and laptop computers (18 percent). The
average victim lost $776.

Most scammers were individuals, not companies. Most victims paid by money order
or check. Customers typically knew only an e-mail address or post office box
number, according to the FBI.

Auction sites such as eBay try to prevent fraud by offering "feedback forums,"
where users can check a seller's past performance in delivering quality
merchandise on time. For a fee - usually 3 percent to 5 percent of the purchase
price - auction sites also offer service agreements that will withhold a buyer's
money from the seller until the buyer's satisfaction is verified.

On eBay, each item purchased is insured up to $200 at no charge as long as the
buyer files a claim within 60 days of the purchase date, eBay spokesman Kevin
Pursglove said.

Pursglove said eBay posts about six million items for sale each day. Only one
confirmed fraud occurs per 40,000 eBay listings, he said.

Internet scams have been difficult to prosecute because local police lack the
authority and resources to investigate deceptive e-mail received from locations
outside their jurisdiction.

The FBI center screens, sorts and consolidates Internet fraud complaints, so
victims nationwide can point fingers at offenders.

Lenny Savino's e-mail address is lsavino@krwashington.com.

Tips Against Fraud

When buying via Internet auction, be sure you:

Understand precisely

your obligations and the seller's obligations, and how they are enforced or
guaranteed.

Know what the auction site and company will do if you have a problem before,
during or after the auction. Read auction sites' disclaimers carefully.
Auctioneers are third parties who may not be able to resolve disputes over items
purchased.

Can identify the seller by more than just an e-mail address. You will need a
real address if problems arise. If the seller is a business, check the Better
Business Bureau where the business is located.

Check the auction Web site's "feedback" on the seller. Keep in mind that some
scammer/sellers post favorable information about themselves or have family or
friends post remarks about them.

Send no money to a post office box. Insist on knowing the seller's name, address
and phone number. Test them if wary.

Double your skepticism if the seller is based outside the United States.
International Internet fraud is almost impossible to prosecute.

Know the time, terms, and cost of shipping and delivery before you bid.
Determine whether the seller will offer a guarantee or exchange.

- Lenny Savino

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2001 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             646 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 October 6, 2000, Friday, Late Edition - Final

Fraud Charges In Informix Case

BYLINE: Bloomberg News

SECTION: Section C; Page 15; Column 6; Business/Financial Desk

LENGTH: 183 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Oct. 5


The Informix Corporation's former top European sales executive was indicted by a
federal grand jury on charges that he committed fraud by helping inflate the
company's financial results in fiscal 1996.

The company, a database software maker based in Menlo Park, Calif., had
previously restated its 1994-96 profit and revenue. It has also settled
Securities and Exchange Commission civil fraud charges that it inflated results
by hundreds of millions of dollars.

The grand jury in San Francisco indicted the former executive, Walter
Konigseder, 48, a German citizen who headed Informix's operations in Europe, the
Middle East and Africa, on charges of wire fraud and securities violations. The
S.E.C. charged him with civil fraud.

The Justice Department said it would seek Mr. Konigseder's extradition from
Germany, where he lives. Mr. Konigseder's lawyer could not be reached for
comment.

The 11-count indictment asserts that Mr. Konigseder, a former company vice
president, approved a number of "sham" sales transactions, overstating earnings
and revenue to meet financial targets.

http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 2000 The New York Times Company


                             647 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Bakersfield Californian

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            December 16, 2013 Monday

David, Jennifer Crisp plead guilty in court

BYLINE: John Cox, The Bakersfield Californian

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 382 words


Dec. 16--FRESNO -- David Marshall Crisp and his wife, Jennifer Anne Crisp, both
pleaded guilty this afternoon in U.S. District Court to charges stemming from
their roles in the Crisp & Cole mortgage fraud case that prosecutors said cost
banks $20 million.

The Crisps entered at the courthouse holding hands just before 1:30 p.m.

David Crisp pleaded guilty to one felony count of conspiracy to commit mail,
wire and bank fraud. He faces a maximum sentence of 30 years in prison and $1
million fine.

Jennifer Crisp pleaded guilty to one count each of mail and wire fraud. She
faces a maximum sentence of 20 years in prison and $250,000 fine.

The Crisps' sentencing will be March 3.

The Crisps' pleadings come about a month after former business partner Carl
Cole, 66, pleaded guilty to one count of the same crime as David Crisp.

David Crisp and Cole had each faced 56 felony counts, including 33 counts of
mail fraud, 10 counts of wire fraud, 11 counts of bank fraud and one count to
launder money.

Prosecutor Kirk Sherriff, an assistant U.S. attorney, said David Crisp did not
evade any charges by pleading to the one count.

"The conspriacy count captures all of that" bank fraud, mail fraud and mortgage
fraud, Sherriff said outside of court.

"I think this case is moving toward...what we believe would be a just
resolution."

Neither Crisp made any comments. They remained in the courtroom following their
pleading for the motion hearing of the case's final defendant, Julie Dianne
Farmer, the former operations manager for Crisp & Cole.

According to Farmer's attorney, Tony Capozzi of Fresno, Farmer will not deny she
took part in the scheme that used straw buyers and others to buy and sell
various properties multiple times, each time skimming equity that had been built
up by using artificially inflated home valuations.

Capozzi said Farmer believed that was the actual way business was supposed to be
conducted.

He said a psychiatrist will testify about her state of mind when the alleged
crimes were committed.

Farmer's trial is scheduled to begin Feb. 4. It is expected to finish before the
Crisps are sentenced March 3.

___ (c)2013 The Bakersfield Californian (Bakersfield, Calif.) Visit The
Bakersfield Californian (Bakersfield, Calif.) at www.bakersfield.com Distributed
by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20131216-BK-David-Jennifer-Crisp-plead-guilty-in-court-1216-20131216

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BK


                   Copyright 2013 The Bakersfield Californian


                             648 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                          December 16, 2009 Wednesday
                                2 Tampa Edition

FEDERAL TASK FORCE LOOKS AT LOCAL MEDICARE FRAUD

BYLINE: SHELLEY ROSSETTER, Times Staff Writer

SECTION: TAMPA BAY; Pg. 9B

LENGTH: 284 words

DATELINE: TAMPA


A federal task force aimed at stopping Medicare fraud has expanded its
operations into Tampa.

The Department of Justice and the Department of Health and Human Services
announced the expansion Tuesday, along with new offices in Brooklyn, N.Y., and
Baton Rouge, La.

The strike force works with the local U.S. Attorneys Office and FBI to fight
fraud through the use of data analysis techniques and increased community
policing, a Justice Department of Justice release said.

"Medicare fraud, especially in Florida, has been a growing issue and concern and
this is definitely one initiative we estimate to be very effective," said Dave
Couvertier, a spokesman for the FBI Tampa office.

Tampa was selected for expansion after extensive research was done in the area,
said Steve Cole, a spokesperson for the Middle District of Florida's U.S.
Attorney's Office.

"There is some statistical data that shows there is some abnormal numbers (in
Tampa) and we are going to look into that," Cole said.

The Florida Attorney General's Medicaid Fraud Control Unit and the Florida
Department of Law Enforcement has also joined the Strike Force.

Other Strike Force offices are located in Miami, Los Angeles, Detroit and
Houston.

The Department of Justice also announced Tuesday it has charged 30 people in
Miami, Detroit and Brooklyn for their parts in a scheme to submit more than $61
million in false Medicare claims.

Since its inception in March 2007, more than 460 people and organizations that
falsely billed more than a billion dollars to the Medicare program have been
charged.

To learn more about Medicare fraud or report it, go to stopmedicarefraud.gov.

Shelley Rossetter can be reached at (813) 226-3374 or srossetter@sptimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2009 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             649 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              April 3, 2015 Friday

Arizona: Former Principals of Vehicle Financing Company Indicted on Fraud
Charges

LENGTH: 464  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Justice has issued the following news releae:

BOSTON--The founders and principals of Inofin, Inc, a shuttered motor vehicle
finance company based in Rockland, Mass., were charged in U.S. District Court in
Boston today with fraud relating to their solicitation of investments that
resulted in losses of over $11 million to investors.

Michael J. Cuomo, 52, of Plymouth, and Kevin J. Mann Sr., 64, of Marshfield,
were indicted on one count of conspiracy to commit mail and wire fraud, three
counts of mail fraud, and one count of wire fraud. Cuomo and Mann were arrested
on Feb. 1, 2015.

The indictment alleges that, from 1994 through February 2011, Cuomo and Mann
owned and operated Inofin, which funded loans to purchasers of used cars who
could not qualify for traditional financing. In order to fund Inofin's
operations, Cuomo and Mann raised capital by securing investments from dozens of
individuals. In an effort to gain access to a source of investor monies that
they would otherwise not have had access to, Cuomo and Mann falsely represented
to investors that the investors could effect rollovers of monies held in
retirement plans to Inofin, and that Inofin was an authorized custodian of
retirement monies. In fact, at no point was Inofin an authorized custodian, or
trustee, of retirement funds. As a result of these misrepresentations by Cuomo
and Mann, Inofin investors transferred more than $11 million in retirement funds
to Inofin, practically all of which was lost after Inofin entered into
involuntary bankruptcy proceedings.

The charging statutes each provide a sentence of no greater than 20 years in
prison, three years of supervised release, and a fine of $250,000 or twice the
gross gain or loss, whichever is greater. Actual sentences for federal crimes
are typically less than the maximum penalties. Sentences are imposed by a
federal district court judge based upon the U.S. Sentencing Guidelines and other
statutory factors.

United States Attorney Carmen M. Ortiz; William P. Offord, Special Agent in
Charge of the Internal Revenue Service's Criminal Investigation in Boston; and
Vincent B. Lisi, Special Agent in Charge of the Federal Bureau of Investigation,
Boston Field Division; made the announcement today. The U.S. Attorney's Office
also acknowledges the assistance it received from the U.S. Securities and
Exchange Commission, Boston Regional Office. The case is being prosecuted by
Assistant U.S. Attorney Vassili Thomadakis of Ortiz's Economic Crimes Unit.

The details contained in the indictment are allegations. The defendants are
presumed innocent unless and until proven guilty beyond a reasonable doubt in a
court of law.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             650 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Metropolitan Corporate Counsel

                                  October 2007
                               Northeast Edition

Using A Major Accounting Firm For Uncovering Fraud And Compliance Violations

BYLINE: The Editor interviews Richard A. Sibery, Partner, Fraud Investigation &
Dispute Service, Ernst & Young LLP.

SECTION: Pg. 11 Vol. 15 No. 10

LENGTH: 1813 words



HIGHLIGHT: Please email the interviewee at richard.sibery@ey.com with questions
about this interview.


Editor: Please tell our readers about Ernst & Young's Fraud Investigation &
Dispute Services practice.

Sibery: There continues to be a high demand for client services in the fraud
area, particularly among companies with global businesses. Our practice along
with Ernst &Young's Business Risk Services practice is part of the larger
umbrella service group we call Risk Advisory Services. Through our Risk Advisory
Services group we bring together the firm's broad resources to provide effective
multidisciplinary teams to help clients manage risk and detect and proactively
deter fraud throughout the world.

We help U.S. and foreign companies with their fraud prevention and other
compliance concerns on a global basis. We have been called in many times to
assist companies that may have questions about their activities in a particular
region such as China, India or Russia or within certain business units,
functions or industries. We can help them develop an appropriate tone at the top
and to improve their policies. We assess their risk appetite and help them
develop anti-fraud strategies including how to provide appropriate training. We
can also help them with fraud risk assessment; fraud controls; and monitoring
and response plans.

Editor: An effective compliance strategy requires a seamless partnership among
the business people, attorneys and auditors. Are you called in frequently by
outside counsel?

Sibery: As our reputation and presence in the fraud investigation and prevention
areas has grown, we are frequently called in by law firms or corporate law
departments to assist in an investigation which may involve working with one or
more of our offices in a foreign country. Investigations that are compliance
related is a growth area for us as companies are more aware of their
vulnerability to prosecution not only by U.S. authorities but also by
authorities in the increasing number of countries that have begun enforcing
their own anticorruption laws. In addition, fraud is costly both monetarily and
from a reputation perspective. As companies become more global in their
operations, our relationships with their law firms are becoming more global as
well. We have broad relationships with global law firms in places like New York,
Atlanta, Chicago, Hong Kong, London and Brussels.

Editor: Do you regularly work with a company's internal auditors?

Sibery: We are often asked to assist internal audit with FCPA risk assessments,
training and other compliance related projects. Where there is a major
investigation involving numerous locations, we are frequently called in to share
the work with internal audit. We may lead the charge in some investigations
while in others internal audit will take the lead. Working with us is a valuable
learning experience for the internal auditors. They can observe our
investigative techniques and apply them to their future audits.

Editor: Do global corporations maintain ongoing relationships with the Fraud
Investigation & Dispute Service of Ernst & Young?

Sibery: We have ongoing relationships with companies who come to Ernst & Young
when they are looking for assistance on risk or compliance issues. They come
back to us repeatedly because over time we become familiar with their personnel,
the way they conduct their businesses and their accounting and auditing
practices - and we may have helped them with employee training and installing
systems to deter fraud. When we come in to help them with an investigation, we
don't have to reinvent the wheel. This is particularly true of global
investigations where the accounting practices followed may be quite different
from country to country. We know how they do things and we know their
expectations.

Editor: Would you describe a typical client engagement and how you would work
with them to uncover red flags in their operations?

Sibery: In a typical assignment, we are retained to focus on a particular area
of concern. The reason for our retention may be a specific complaint or
whistleblower accusation, or it may be a more general concern about the
effectiveness of the compliance function or controls in a particular area. We
work with clients on various levels with an eye towards uncovering issues that
might otherwise escape detection. For example, on a FCPA compliance assessment
project, we may first look at the compliance structure that is in place, the
policies the company has and the method and frequency of training on those
policies. If a company had suitable policies in place, we focus on understanding
whether new policies may be necessary because of changes in their business.

Editor: What advice do you give clients who are constructing a compliance
program to mitigate the risk associated with entering a high risk region?

Sibery: A client recently approached us because they were expanding their
business into a region with a historically high risk of corruption. We began the
engagement by working with the client to understand their current business
strategy. We also looked at the company's tone at the top, their current
compliance policies, their training, accounting control and whistleblower
channels and tried to evaluate their employees' understanding of the corruption
issues they might face.

We also assisted them during the due diligence phase with a corruption-focused
risk assessment of the business they were acquiring. This allowed the client to
further understand what the risks were and further define their priorities in
post-acquisition compliance. It was very important for them to understand what
pre-existing issues they may inherit. For this project, I worked closely with my
forensic accounting colleagues based in the country the client was entering. Our
local counterparts understand the local corruption issues; they speak the
language and are an integral part of the Ernst & Young team.

Editor: Do you work with companies to develop suitable controls to ensure that
sales agents comply with Foreign Corrupt Practices Act ("FCPA") requirements?

Sibery: This question goes back to the importance of training and effectively
communicating company policies. It requires due diligence and being familiar
with FCPA requirements and the risks associated with sales agents - who could
pass a payment to a third party that might be deemed a bribe. Some companies may
have implemented FCPA policies but grandfathered long-standing sales agents. The
company may not have considered what these agents are currently doing, how much
they are being paid and whether those payments make sense.

An area where we have seen companies get into trouble recently is when they make
facilitation payments. Even though a company may be comfortable with making
these payments because they fall within the allowable FCPA exception for
facilitation payments, the company may not be recording and booking those in an
appropriate manner. Oftentimes a company may not be able to retroactively
identify facilitation payments. This is problematic from a books and records
perspective and can create problems when an issue is raised about the validity
of the payments. Companies should consider tightening their controls and
communicate specific policies about when a facilitation payment is appropriate.
They should also set up specific procedures for recording those payments to
provide the accountants, attorneys and compliance people with the information
they need to determine how much is paid and the reason for the payment. For
instance, it may make sense to establish an expense account dedicated to
facilitation payments so that they are not lumped together with payments for
agent services.

Editor: So, it is possible for a company to violate FCPA for not recording these
payments properly?

Sibery: Yes, it could be a violation of the books and records provisions of the
FCPA. The most common issue we have seen is that a company may be making a lump
sum payment to an agent and booking it as a consulting fee without specifying
how much of that payment was facilitation fees going to Customs, local utilities
or other government agencies. Without engaging in a thorough investigation, it
would be impossible for a company to determine how much of the payment was for
facilitation fees. The bigger picture issue is also making sure the company's
legal department is comfortable that the payment even qualifies as a
facilitation payment. Oftentimes people from finance or internal audit may make
this decision and it is not necessarily that straight forward. The facilitation
payment exception is narrower than many people realize and an attorney
experienced in this area should be consulted.

Editor: Should companies retain records that justify sizeable differences in
consulting fees?

Sibery: Absolutely. During a risk assessment or an internal investigation one of
the issues we would focus on is whether there are any agents being paid more
than others rendering similar services. If an agent is being paid more than the
others performing similar services, it would be helpful to have documentation
explaining that difference.

Editor: Does it make sense for companies to audit their agents' records to
protect themselves from potential agent misconduct?

Sibery: Yes, it makes sense in a number of situations. Companies are now more
inclined to provide for audit rights in their contracts with agents. We have
also seen companies exercising those rights on a more frequent basis. Some
companies even consider engaging in periodic audits of agents or third parties
on a proactive basis. I recently worked with a client who decided to terminate a
relationship with an agent because the agent refused to provide them with access
to their books. That was a valuable relationship for our client, but not
granting the requested access is a significant red flag and continuing business
with them could have been very risky.

Editor: Training programs are an effective way to communicate with employees and
agents about FCPA requirements. Do you work with clients to establish these
programs?

Sibery: We help companies develop training programs for their employees
including live training, PowerPoint presentations, and conference calls.
Customized training sessions are always more effective than generic FCPA
programs so we look at a client's code of conduct, its internal policies, the
issues relevant to the client's industry and the regions they are operating in
to tailor a program to their specific needs. Our international network has been
a tremendous asset for us in this area as well. We receive valuable information
from our local team members which allows us to implement customized training
programs for clients.

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Article

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2007 Metropolitan Corporate Counsel
                              All Rights Reserved


                             651 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                   January 7, 2003 Tuesday Five Star Edition

TRIAL BEGINS FOR INSURANCE BROKER ACCUSED OF BILKING INVESTORS;
 LAWYER SAYS DEFENDANT WAS DUPED BY OTHERS IN FOREIGN BANK NOTE SCAM

BYLINE: Michael Shaw Of The Post-Dispatch

SECTION: METRO ; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 458 words


Investors in the St. Louis region, elsewhere in Missouri and Illinois, and in
three other states lost $2.67 million in the mid-1990s through a Kansas-based
insurance broker promising riches in the market for foreign bank notes.

The question for a federal jury in East St. Louis is whether the broker
committed fraud or was himself duped by others.

Richard J. Drakulich, 58, formerly of Overland Park, Kan., but whose last known
address was in Tucson, Ariz., went on trial Monday on charges of mail fraud,
wire fraud and securities fraud

The indictment says that Drakulich began in 1995 to pitch investments in "secret
foreign markets" and that he claimed to know the several dozen or so gatekeepers
who allow trading in bank notes, called "debentures," sold by large foreign
banks. He promised returns of 120 percent a year.

But there is no secret market for foreign bank notes, a prosecutor told the jury
Monday.

Drakulich, who was mainly an insurance broker, enlisted other insurance salesmen
to help get investment capital, officials said.

One man from Granite City invested $75,000 in the scheme after he heard about it
from his insurance broker while they were working out at a gym.

Proceeds went partly to satisfy the initial investors, making this a classic
pyramid scheme, Assistant U.S. Attorney Bruce Reppert said.

But after being rerouted offshore to Antigua, much of the money went to pay
salaries for Drakulich and his wife, as well as for jewelry and other personal
expenses, according to the charges.

In his opening statement, Reppert characterized Drakulich as a "liar and a
cheat."

"There were no checks to banks in Europe," the prosecutor said. "The money was
spent."

Drakulich is now broke, having lost his job, home and marriage, according to his
lawyer, federal public defender Phil Kavanaugh.

But he was no more aware of the scheme at the time than the other brokers acting
as salesmen, or the investors themselves, Kavanaugh said.

"I don't dispute that people lost money," the defense lawyer said. "My client
was not acting to commit a crime, but acting on good faith."

Kavanaugh said the scheme was originally presented to a large group, including
Drakulich, at a conference in the Caribbean. The three men who made that initial
pitch are now missing, he said.

Scams involving the trading of foreign bank notes were common enough in the
mid-1990s to prompt the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and other
agencies to issue warnings about them.

The case is being tried in Illinois because investors who couldn't get their
money back contacted the Illinois Securities Department, which investigated.

Testimony is expected to begin today in a trial scheduled to last about three
weeks.

LOAD-DATE: January 7, 2003

LANGUAGE: English

NOTES: * Note: Shorter versions of this report, both different, ran in the FIVE
STAR LIFT, page B2, and in the ILLINOIS FIVE STAR LIFT, page B2.; Reporter
Michael Shaw:; E-mail: mshaw@post-dispatch.com; Phone: 618-235-3988

                  Copyright 2003 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             652 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 27, 2016 Thursday

Washington: Twelve Defendants Plead Guilty to Marriage and Visa Immigration
Fraud

LENGTH: 995 words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Department of Justice has issued the following news release:



 United States Attorney Gregory K. Davis and Special Agent in Charge Raymond R.
Parmer Jr., of Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) Homeland Security
Investigations - New Orleans Field Office, announced today that twelve
defendants have entered guilty pleas admitting to U-Visa fraud and marriage
fraud in two separate cases.



 Three defendants have entered guilty pleas to conspiracy charges in both cases.
Sachin Girishkumar Patel, 33, of Clinton, Mississippi; Tarunkumar
Purushottambhai Patel, 49, of Kingdom City, Missouri; and Simpson Lloyd Goodman,
29, of Waynesboro, Georgia, admitted to their roles in conspiracies to commit
U-Visa fraud and to commit marriage fraud. Sachin G. Patel and Tarunkumar Patel
both admitted to conspiring to obtain fraudulent U-Visas for non-citizens and to
obtain fraudulent marriage visas by arranging fraudulent marriages to U.S.
citizens. Simpson Lloyd Goodman, a licensed attorney, admitted to drafting and
submitting false applications and documents in an attempt to fraudulently obtain
U-visas and marriage visas for otherwise ineligible individuals referred to him
by Sachin G. Patel and Tarunkumar Patel.

 In the 16 count U-Visa Fraud indictment, it is alleged that Law Enforcement
Certification forms purporting to certify that aliens were victims of certain
crimes, were submitted to the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS)
along with the U-Visa applications. The forms fraudulently listed individuals as
victims of certain crimes in Jackson, Mississippi in an effort to obtain
U-Visas. To be eligible for a U-Visa, the alien must have (1) been a victim of a
certain crime; (2) suffered mental or physical abuse as a result of the crime;
and (3) helped law enforcement officials in the investigation and/or prosecution
of the crime. In this case, the forms fraudulently listed individuals as victims
of certain crimes in an effort to obtain U-Visas.

 The defendants admitted that they were not victims of crime in Jackson,
Mississippi, and some of them admitted that they were not even in Jackson at the
time that the alleged crimes occurred. Officer Ivory Lee Harris of the Jackson
Police Department, admitted that he was paid in cash to prepare false police
reports that were submitted in support of the fraudulent U-Visa applications.

 The following defendants have entered guilty pleas in the U-Visa fraud case for
their roles in committing fraud and misuse of U-Visa permits:

 Sachin Girishkumar Patel, 33, of Clinton, Mississippi;

 Tarunkumar Purushottambhai Patel, 49, of Kingdom City, Missouri;

 Simpson Lloyd Goodman, 29, of Waynesboro, Georgia;

 Ivory Lee Harris, 45, of Jackson, Mississippi;

 Sanjay Rathilal Patel, 35, of Lakewood, New Jersey;

 Maheshkumar Mangaldas Patel, 50, of Houston, Texas; and

 Rajan Nareshkumar Patel, 31, currently incarcerated in Adams County,
Mississippi;

 Four other individuals charged in the U-Visa case are currently scheduled to go
to trial in January.

 In the 16 count marriage fraud indictment, it is alleged that the aliens would
enter into marriages with citizens of the United States solely for the purpose
of obtaining immigration status to which the aliens would not otherwise be
entitled. These marriages were solely to obtain immigration status for the alien
partner, and the U.S. citizens were paid to enter into these fraudulent
marriages.

 The following defendants have entered guilty pleas in the marriage fraud case
for their roles in a conspiracy to commit marriage fraud:

 Sachin Girishkumar Patel, 33, of Clinton, Mississippi;

 Tarunkumar Purushottambhai Patel, 49, of Kingdom City, Missouri;

 Simpson Lloyd Goodman, 29, of Waynesboro, Georgia;

 Chirag Nilesh Patel, 27, of St. Louis, Missouri;

 Dana Cheetara Adams, 29, of Plano, Texas;

 Brandy Nicole Edwards, 34, of Crystal Springs, Mississippi

 Virendra Rambachan Rajput, 45, of Lawrence, Massachusetts; and

 Javona Shanice Rajput, 27, of Jackson, Mississippi

 Three other individuals charged in the marriage fraud indictment are currently
scheduled to go to trial in January.

 "We are committed to protecting our nation's immigration system from all forms
of fraud," said U.S. Attorney Gregory Davis. "The integrity of our nation's
immigration system will continue to be a priority of this office as we work
together with our outstanding law enforcement partners at HSI and USCIS."

 "It is an honor and privilege to become an American citizen", said Special
Agent in Charge of HSI New Orleans Raymond R. Parmer, Jr. "Fraudulently
obtaining citizenship compromises the integrity of our legal immigration system.
We will continue to work with our state and federal partners to bring violators
of our immigration laws to justice." Parmer is the Special Agent in Charge of
the New Orleans field office with responsibility for Mississippi, Arkansas,
Alabama, Louisiana, and Tennessee.

 The maximum penalties for the crimes charged in the indictments are: conspiracy
to commit fraud and misuse of visa permits - 5 years in prison and $250,000 fine
per count; fraud and misuse of Visa permits - 10 years in prison and a $250,000
fine per count; marriage fraud - 5 years in prison and $250,000 fine per count;
mail fraud - 20 years in prison and a $250,000 fine per count; and wire fraud -
20 years in prison and a $250,000 fine.

 This case was investigated by Homeland Security Investigations, the Mississippi
Attorney General's Office, and the Federal Bureau of Investigation. The case is
being prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorneys Jerry Rushing and Dave Fulcher.

 As to those defendants who have not entered a guilty plea, the public is
reminded that an indictment is a formal charge that a defendant has committed a
violation of the federal criminal laws. All defendants are presumed innocent
unless and until proven guilty.




 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             653 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 27, 2016 Thursday

Washington: Twelve Defendants Plead Guilty to Marriage and Visa Immigration
Fraud

LENGTH: 995 words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Department of Justice has issued the following news release:



 United States Attorney Gregory K. Davis and Special Agent in Charge Raymond R.
Parmer Jr., of Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) Homeland Security
Investigations - New Orleans Field Office, announced today that twelve
defendants have entered guilty pleas admitting to U-Visa fraud and marriage
fraud in two separate cases.



 Three defendants have entered guilty pleas to conspiracy charges in both cases.
Sachin Girishkumar Patel, 33, of Clinton, Mississippi; Tarunkumar
Purushottambhai Patel, 49, of Kingdom City, Missouri; and Simpson Lloyd Goodman,
29, of Waynesboro, Georgia, admitted to their roles in conspiracies to commit
U-Visa fraud and to commit marriage fraud. Sachin G. Patel and Tarunkumar Patel
both admitted to conspiring to obtain fraudulent U-Visas for non-citizens and to
obtain fraudulent marriage visas by arranging fraudulent marriages to U.S.
citizens. Simpson Lloyd Goodman, a licensed attorney, admitted to drafting and
submitting false applications and documents in an attempt to fraudulently obtain
U-visas and marriage visas for otherwise ineligible individuals referred to him
by Sachin G. Patel and Tarunkumar Patel.

 In the 16 count U-Visa Fraud indictment, it is alleged that Law Enforcement
Certification forms purporting to certify that aliens were victims of certain
crimes, were submitted to the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS)
along with the U-Visa applications. The forms fraudulently listed individuals as
victims of certain crimes in Jackson, Mississippi in an effort to obtain
U-Visas. To be eligible for a U-Visa, the alien must have (1) been a victim of a
certain crime; (2) suffered mental or physical abuse as a result of the crime;
and (3) helped law enforcement officials in the investigation and/or prosecution
of the crime. In this case, the forms fraudulently listed individuals as victims
of certain crimes in an effort to obtain U-Visas.

 The defendants admitted that they were not victims of crime in Jackson,
Mississippi, and some of them admitted that they were not even in Jackson at the
time that the alleged crimes occurred. Officer Ivory Lee Harris of the Jackson
Police Department, admitted that he was paid in cash to prepare false police
reports that were submitted in support of the fraudulent U-Visa applications.

 The following defendants have entered guilty pleas in the U-Visa fraud case for
their roles in committing fraud and misuse of U-Visa permits:

 Sachin Girishkumar Patel, 33, of Clinton, Mississippi;

 Tarunkumar Purushottambhai Patel, 49, of Kingdom City, Missouri;

 Simpson Lloyd Goodman, 29, of Waynesboro, Georgia;

 Ivory Lee Harris, 45, of Jackson, Mississippi;

 Sanjay Rathilal Patel, 35, of Lakewood, New Jersey;

 Maheshkumar Mangaldas Patel, 50, of Houston, Texas; and

 Rajan Nareshkumar Patel, 31, currently incarcerated in Adams County,
Mississippi;

 Four other individuals charged in the U-Visa case are currently scheduled to go
to trial in January.

 In the 16 count marriage fraud indictment, it is alleged that the aliens would
enter into marriages with citizens of the United States solely for the purpose
of obtaining immigration status to which the aliens would not otherwise be
entitled. These marriages were solely to obtain immigration status for the alien
partner, and the U.S. citizens were paid to enter into these fraudulent
marriages.

 The following defendants have entered guilty pleas in the marriage fraud case
for their roles in a conspiracy to commit marriage fraud:

 Sachin Girishkumar Patel, 33, of Clinton, Mississippi;

 Tarunkumar Purushottambhai Patel, 49, of Kingdom City, Missouri;

 Simpson Lloyd Goodman, 29, of Waynesboro, Georgia;

 Chirag Nilesh Patel, 27, of St. Louis, Missouri;

 Dana Cheetara Adams, 29, of Plano, Texas;

 Brandy Nicole Edwards, 34, of Crystal Springs, Mississippi

 Virendra Rambachan Rajput, 45, of Lawrence, Massachusetts; and

 Javona Shanice Rajput, 27, of Jackson, Mississippi

 Three other individuals charged in the marriage fraud indictment are currently
scheduled to go to trial in January.

 "We are committed to protecting our nation's immigration system from all forms
of fraud," said U.S. Attorney Gregory Davis. "The integrity of our nation's
immigration system will continue to be a priority of this office as we work
together with our outstanding law enforcement partners at HSI and USCIS."

 "It is an honor and privilege to become an American citizen", said Special
Agent in Charge of HSI New Orleans Raymond R. Parmer, Jr. "Fraudulently
obtaining citizenship compromises the integrity of our legal immigration system.
We will continue to work with our state and federal partners to bring violators
of our immigration laws to justice." Parmer is the Special Agent in Charge of
the New Orleans field office with responsibility for Mississippi, Arkansas,
Alabama, Louisiana, and Tennessee.

 The maximum penalties for the crimes charged in the indictments are: conspiracy
to commit fraud and misuse of visa permits - 5 years in prison and $250,000 fine
per count; fraud and misuse of Visa permits - 10 years in prison and a $250,000
fine per count; marriage fraud - 5 years in prison and $250,000 fine per count;
mail fraud - 20 years in prison and a $250,000 fine per count; and wire fraud -
20 years in prison and a $250,000 fine.

 This case was investigated by Homeland Security Investigations, the Mississippi
Attorney General's Office, and the Federal Bureau of Investigation. The case is
being prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorneys Jerry Rushing and Dave Fulcher.

 As to those defendants who have not entered a guilty plea, the public is
reminded that an indictment is a formal charge that a defendant has committed a
violation of the federal criminal laws. All defendants are presumed innocent
unless and until proven guilty.




 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             654 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

               October 4, 1996, Friday, 0 South Pinellas Edition

Health care fraud fight nets 9 more

BYLINE: PETER WALLSTEN

SECTION: CITY & STATE; Pg. 7B

LENGTH: 420 words

DATELINE: TALLAHASSEE



Florida's battle against health care fraud got a boost Thursday with a new
series of charges against people accused of trying to bilk the state out of  $
1.5-million. Among them are a cab driver who overcharged Medicaid patients  and
a small-town pharmacist who filled fake prescriptions.

"The significance is that the arrests are from all around the state and  are
representative of a different kind of fraud in different (subject)  areas," said
Melanie Hines, statewide prosecutor. "Transportation, clinics,  pharmacies,
those are all the areas we're focusing on."

In all, eight people and one corporation were charged Thursday. The sweep  was
the fifth in seven months resulting from a grand jury investigation and a  major
state effort to fight fraud.

So far, the sweeps have accounted for charges against 59 people and three
corporations state officials say are responsible for stealing more than  $
6-million.

One of the more unusual cases came Thursday when officials accused a
63-year-old Chattahoochee pharmacist of illegally filing at least 2,700
prescriptions without doctor authorization between January 1991 and July 1992.

According to Florida Department of Law Enforcement records, Wallace Peacock  was
paid more than $ 70,000 in reimbursements from the state employees health
insurance prescriptions program.

He did it, the FDLE affidavit says, by forging doctors' signatures and
dispensing more than 160,000 pills. Witnesses have told officials that Peacock
distributed prescription drugs to individuals without a doctor's  authorization.

Peacock, who was scheduled to turn himself in late Thursday, could not be
reached for comment.

Others charged include:

Ronald Knight, 48, of Indian River Yellow Cab of Melbourne, who is accused  of
taking $ 12,000 from Medicaid last year by inflating the mileage of cab  rides
for dialysis and mental health patients.

Mayra Avila, 38, of Miami, who is accused of billing Medicaid for more  than $
230,000 between 1994 and 1996 for equipment that was never provided to  patients
by her medical equipment company.

Alberto Hector Vacca, 53, and Roxana M. Martinez, 42, both of Orlando,  accused
of billing Medicaid through Orlando Family Practice Inc. for services  never
provided. Officials also charged the corporation in the scheme, which  involved
billing for services that never happened or were contracted out to  other
providers for less than was billed to Medicaid. The state lost about  $ 250,000.

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: CITY & STATE; METRO & STATE; TAMPA & STATE

                    Copyright 1996 Times Publishing Company


                             655 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            June 29, 2016 Wednesday

Louisiana: Attorney General Jeff Landry Arrests Three for Fraud

LENGTH: 214 words

DATELINE: New York



 Baton Rouge: Office of the Louisiana Attorney General, The state of Louisiana
has issued the following news release:





 Attorney General Jeff Landry announced today the arrests of Jason Lipscomb,
Brian Furber, and Wanda Sue Lade each on Bank Fraud and Theft in the amount of
$200,000.



 "My office is dedicated to investigating, arresting, and prosecuting those who
commit fraud," said General Landry. "While recent cuts to our budget may
negatively impact our office's efforts - we stay committed to eliminating fraud,
waste, and abuse in Louisiana."



 Lipscomb of Ponchatoula, Louisiana was arrested on one count of Bank Fraud and
Theft by Fraud in the amount of $200,000. He was booked into the East Parish
Baton Rouge Jail.



 Furber of Port Orange, Florida was arrested on two counts of Bank Fraud and two
counts of Theft by Fraud in the amount of $200,000. Lade of Port Orange, Florida
was arrested on one count of Bank Fraud and Theft by Fraud in the amount of
$200,000. Both were booked into the Volusia County Jail and are expected to be
in Louisiana by weeks end.



 This investigation is ongoing and additional suspects may be arrested in
relation to the complaint.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             656 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            June 29, 2016 Wednesday

Louisiana: Attorney General Jeff Landry Arrests Three for Fraud

LENGTH: 214 words

DATELINE: New York



 Baton Rouge: Office of the Louisiana Attorney General, The state of Louisiana
has issued the following news release:





 Attorney General Jeff Landry announced today the arrests of Jason Lipscomb,
Brian Furber, and Wanda Sue Lade each on Bank Fraud and Theft in the amount of
$200,000.



 "My office is dedicated to investigating, arresting, and prosecuting those who
commit fraud," said General Landry. "While recent cuts to our budget may
negatively impact our office's efforts - we stay committed to eliminating fraud,
waste, and abuse in Louisiana."



 Lipscomb of Ponchatoula, Louisiana was arrested on one count of Bank Fraud and
Theft by Fraud in the amount of $200,000. He was booked into the East Parish
Baton Rouge Jail.



 Furber of Port Orange, Florida was arrested on two counts of Bank Fraud and two
counts of Theft by Fraud in the amount of $200,000. Lade of Port Orange, Florida
was arrested on one count of Bank Fraud and Theft by Fraud in the amount of
$200,000. Both were booked into the Volusia County Jail and are expected to be
in Louisiana by weeks end.



 This investigation is ongoing and additional suspects may be arrested in
relation to the complaint.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             657 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 28, 2016 Tuesday

Louisiana: Attorney General Jeff Landry Arrests Three for Fraud

LENGTH: 214 words

DATELINE: New York



 Baton Rouge: Office of the Louisiana Attorney General, The state of Louisiana
has issued the following news release:





 Attorney General Jeff Landry announced today the arrests of Jason Lipscomb,
Brian Furber, and Wanda Sue Lade each on Bank Fraud and Theft in the amount of
$200,000.



 "My office is dedicated to investigating, arresting, and prosecuting those who
commit fraud," said General Landry. "While recent cuts to our budget may
negatively impact our office's efforts - we stay committed to eliminating fraud,
waste, and abuse in Louisiana."



 Lipscomb of Ponchatoula, Louisiana was arrested on one count of Bank Fraud and
Theft by Fraud in the amount of $200,000. He was booked into the East Parish
Baton Rouge Jail.



 Furber of Port Orange, Florida was arrested on two counts of Bank Fraud and two
counts of Theft by Fraud in the amount of $200,000. Lade of Port Orange, Florida
was arrested on one count of Bank Fraud and Theft by Fraud in the amount of
$200,000. Both were booked into the Volusia County Jail and are expected to be
in Louisiana by weeks end.



 This investigation is ongoing and additional suspects may be arrested in
relation to the complaint.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             658 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Ocala Star-Banner (Florida)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 3, 2014 Sunday

Taylor, Bean & Whitaker: Five years later

BYLINE: Susan Latham Carr, Rick Allen and Richard Anguiano, Ocala Star-Banner,
Fla.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1870 words


Aug. 03--Life goes on outside the walls of the medium security prison at Butner,
North Carolina, where Lee Bentley Farkas is serving a 30-year term for
masterminding a $2.9 billion fraud that brought down his Ocala-based Taylor,
Bean and Whitaker Mortgage Corp., one of the nation's largest mortgage lenders.

Five years ago today, federal agents raided the Northeast 14th Street
headquarters of Farkas' flagship company in Ocala. Thus began the process that
within days closed his business and, ultimately, dismantled his numerous
holdings and ended his extravagant lifestyle, which authorities say was funded
with the $38.5 million he misappropriated from those and other affiliated
institutions.

Now that many of the trials, lawsuits and bankruptcies have been settled, the
properties that once comprised Farkas' empire are in others' hands and/or
control.

Here's a look, five years later, at the local aftermath of what began on Aug. 3,
2009.

Farkas

On June 30, 2011, Farkas was sentenced in U.S. District Court in Alexandria,
Virginia, after a jury found him guilty of six counts of bank fraud, four counts
of wire fraud, three counts of securities fraud, and conspiracy to commit bank
fraud, wire fraud and securities fraud.

Farkas, now 61, also was ordered to forfeit $38.5 million in assets and pay
restitution.

His first appeal failed in June 2012. A second was rejected last month.

A few other co-defendants were sentenced to shorter prison terms. But the New
York Times said the Farkas case "stands as the single-biggest prosecution
stemming from the financial crisis."

Local employment

When TBW shut down, shortly after the raid, more than 1,000 local people lost
their jobs. Many of those white-collar workers were making good money.

In September and October 2009, the first months when the layoffs could register,
the unemployment rate stood at 13.4 percent.

Today, unemployment stands at 7.2 percent, though some of the newer jobs in the
area are part time or not as well paying as the ones lost -- at TBW and
elsewhere.

Certainly, the employment picture was bad before TBW shut down. But the mass
layoff was one of the biggest shocks to the local employment market in memory.

"These talented, skilled people ended up unemployed or with low-paying jobs that
are just not enough to cover them for one unexpected expense like an illness or
major car repair," said Toni James, a former head of the United Way of Marion
County and now owner of her own public relations firm.

"Hopefully some forward-looking employers will embrace a higher minimum wage for
the long-term benefits it will create," she said.

Kelly Simms Graham worked for TBW in Crystal River. She was home eating lunch on
Aug. 3, 2009, when she got a phone call.

"I was told to come pack up my desk because the feds were shutting us down,"
Graham recalled.

She went back to school and got an associate's degree. She's a service
coordinator for an electrical contractor in Homosassa, but making less money now
than she did even before she started with TBW.

"I can't even say I'm back where I started from," she said.

The headquarters

The building at 305 NW 14th St. was once the opulent home office of TBW.

Sunshine reflects ice blue rays off the mirrored glass walls at the entrance to
the 74,000-square-foot headquarters, which Farkas built in 2008 for $21 million.
He sold it to a New York investor and then leased it back.

The building featured a full-scale theater, executive dining room, terrace, and
also Community Platinum Bank, the Rolling Meadows, Illinois, bank owned by
Farkas. The bank, with its onyx lobby walls, was closed by the Office of Thrift
Supervision in September 2009.

The building quickly went up for sale for $14 million. But the economy declined
and the building remained vacant for years. It subsequently went on the auction
block and was sold to trucking company magnate Larry Roberts in October 2012 for
$4.2 million.

Today, employees of R&L Carriers Inc.'s subsidiaries work inside the stylish
offices.

"It was grandiose in every way," said Bartow McDonald, a broker with Sperry Van
Ness, which oversaw the auction.

McDonald said one of the features was a trading room.

"There was a floor that looked like something out of Wall Street," McDonald
said. "The board room overlooked the trading floor."

Other office buildings

Ansafone Contract Centers LLC purchased the former Maslow Insurance building at
101 NE Second St., another Farkas-owned facility. That building sat vacant for
three years before Ansafone turned it into a thriving call center. Shortly
thereafter, the company moved its Santa Ana, California, headquarters into the
building, while still maintaining its California office.

"They have totally remodeled that building," McDonald said. "It was really neat
watching both those properties be transformed and have a new life and jobs
created with new ownership."

Ansafone received about $850,000 in incentives from the city and county and
estimated it would spend $500,000 for building renovations and $1.5 million for
equipment. In return it is expected to create 300 jobs by Dec. 31, 2015.

Sitel Worldwide Corporation opened a new call center at 1417 N. Magnolia Ave.
That building, just west of the former TBW headquarters, was used as TBW's
document processing center. In an earlier life, it was a Winn-Dixie supermarket.

Sitel has renovated the facility using about $200,000 of a $2.5 million
incentive package from the city of Ocala and Marion County. In exchange, it is
expected to create 500 jobs by Dec. 31, 2014.

The Marion Theatre

Film festivals and first-run movies still help fill the seats at the Marion
Theatre, now operated by Carmen and Cesar Soto.

Prior to his run-in with the law, Farkas had signed a 30-year lease with the
city of Ocala to run the historic, city-owned theater off South Magnolia Avenue.
He poured an estimated $1.3 million into restoring the downtown cinema to is
historic beginnings.

By the time the city canceled the lease in November 2009, Farkas owed $17,600 in
back rent and $8,400 in electric charges. The city forgave those debts because
Farkas had refurbished the theater and had donated about $150,000 for three
years to support the city-operated holiday ice skating rink.

The city also did not wish to spend an estimated $12,000 in a protracted legal
battle.

The restaurants

The restaurants launched by TBW subsidiary Dine Design Group -- Sky Asian
Fusion, Ipanema Brazilian Steak House and, eventually, Dee Dee's Diner -- have
survived and thrived.

Sky and Ipanema were the crown jewels in Farkas' collection. He once said he
wanted "different types of restaurants" -- nicer places, the kind where he could
entertain clients.

Danny Gaekwad simply took over Sky, which sits on half of the top floor of his
Holiday Inn at Interstate 75 and State Road 200.

Taking over Sky was easier than finding a new restaurant for the space.

"I never really wanted to run a restaurant, but now I'm in, so I'm going make
some improvements," the international entrepreneur said at the time.

Within a year Sky won a coveted Golden Spoon Award honoring Florida's best
restaurants -- the first in Ocala to receive one. With three more from Florida
Trend since, Sky could be enshrined in the magazine's Golden Spoon Hall of Fame,
which recognizes continued excellence.

Ipanema, a churrascaria at 2023 S. Pine Ave., limped along under newly
independent Dine Design until 2011, when it failed to pay $90,000 in state sales
taxes, fees and penalties. This could have led to an ignoble end for the posh
eatery.

But Latinos Y Mas owner Webster Luzuriaga stepped across the street from his
popular eatery and brought Ipanema back from the brink.

Under his watch, Ipanema repaid the state and returned to profitability. In late
2012, Luzuriaga was allowed to buy the restaurant out of foreclosure. It
continues to be a popular dining spot.

Dee Dee's, first known as Dee Dee's Dog House, was TBW's initial foray into
food. Opened by Nada Restaurant -- as Dine Design was called then -- it occupied
a spot in Ocala's historic Union Station at 531 NE First Ave.

In 2007, TBW moved Dee Dee's to The Villages and closed the train station site.
But it revived in 2010 when the Katsoufis family came from Jacksonville to open
it as Dee Dee's Diner, a breakfast and lunch spot.

Nowadays, hot dogs share the board with Greek and Italian specialties. "We
didn't want to sell just hot dogs," Teresa Katsoufis said.

But Dog House days aren't gone completely. Katsoufis said she still gets calls
from people asking, "Do you board dogs?" -- even though the Dog House never did.

She laughed and said she typically replies, "Yeah, but only in the freezer!"

Other businesses

Farkas owned Compass Health and Fitness, with two locations in Ocala: 524 S.
Pine Ave. and 2600 SW College Road.

In July 2010, after his indictment, Farkas sold the Southwest College Road
location to owners who established a new gym, All Pro Fitness. That health club
closed on New Year's Eve 2011. Ocala Health and Fitness opened in that space in
March 2013.

Compass was evicted from the South Pine location in February 2012, with Farkas'
name still on the lease at the time. The South Pine gym later reopened under new
ownership as Brick City Health & Fitness.

In recent weeks, Brick City management announced a transition to new majority
ownership and management. Ben Marciano, longtime executive director of the Frank
DeLuca Family YMCA, is the new president and owner of what is now called Zone
Health & Fitness.

Meanwhile, Cactus Car Wash, another of Farkas' former holdings, has operated
without interruption since opening in April 2009 at 815 S. Pine Ave. The Marion
County Property Appraiser's site lists Coda Roberson and Sean Murla, former
associates of Farkas, as its owners.

Nada Airline Inc., another of Farkas' companies, had a lease on a hangar and
1.47 acres at Ocala International Airport. The city of Ocala, not wanting to
engage in an expensive legal battle, allowed the lease to be assigned to Leon
Ocala Hangar LLC, a company owned by Miami businessman Benjamin Leon Jr.

The Parker House

The city of Ocala has wrestled away ownership of the Parker-Menchan House from
the Taylor, Bean Foundation Inc., which dissolved when TBW went bankrupt in
2009.

Before her death, Thelma M. Parker, longtime Ocala educator and community
leader, donated the family home built by her father, Theodore H. Menchan Sr., in
1910, to support the city's efforts to revitalize the West Ocala Historic
District.

The house was in such disrepair it had to be torn down. The Taylor Bean
Foundation paid for the building renovation materials and Habitat for Humanity
volunteers provided the labor to build a replica.

The new house was to be sold to reimburse the foundation for the materials. But
the house was never sold and remained the foundation's property, all but
forgotten in the TBW debacle.

The city was able to secure title to the home off West Silver Springs Place and
sold it in June 2013 to Mary Rutledge, a retired Marion County teacher, who
wants to organize a beautification club and start a reading club for the
children in her neighborhood.

___ (c)2014 Ocala Star-Banner (Ocala, Fla.) Visit the Ocala Star-Banner (Ocala,
Fla.) at www.ocala.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: August 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140803-OA-Taylor-Bean-Whitaker-Five-years-later-20140803

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OA


                        Copyright 2014 Ocala Star-Banner


                             659 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                             August 4, 2013 Sunday

DBE fraud cases in 2013

SECTION: NATION & WORLD; Pg. A8

LENGTH: 456 words


Federal agents conduct a raid outside of the Galleria building in Washington
Twp. in July 2011. Greg Lockhart (second from left) is a former U.S. attorney
who represented developers David and Shery Oakes in a False Claims Act lawsuit
that was settled in June without criminal charges. FILE

July 11: Trucking company owner Benjamin Marshall agreed to pay $12,000 to
settle False Claims Act allegations that he performed DBE work at Detroit Wayne
County Airport when a non-DBE company actually did the work. June 17: Kleinberg
Electric Co. agreed to pay the government $936,000 to settle a civil False
Claims Act case after admitting it caused the prime contractor on a New York
public transit project to submit false certifications that a DBE firm performed
work that was performed by Kleinberg. June 6: TesTech defendants agree to pay
$2,883,947 to settle False Claims Act case to resolve allegations that they
fraudulently used DBE status on federally funded transportation projects. May
17: Madeline Pepe, owner of MS Construction Corp. of Staten Island, N.Y., was
sentenced in U.S. District Court in Manhattan to two years' probation on mail
and wire fraud charges. She was the third person sentenced in a DBE fraud
conspiracy. Co-conspirator Richard Schultz was sentenced to six months of home
confinement, followed by three years' probation and 100 hours of community
service. Another contractor got three years' probation, a $50,000 criminal fine
and 100 hours of community service. All three were subject to cash forfeitures.
May 16: A federal grand jury in Boise, Idaho, returned an indictment charging
Elaine Martin, president of Marcon Construction, with making false statements,
conspiracy, mail and wire fraud and obstruction of justice in connection with an
alleged DBE fraud scheme. A minority shareholder also was charged. The
government is seeking a forfeiture of more than $9 million. The indictment
alleges Martin took fraudulent steps to lower her net worth to obtain more than
$6 million in public projects in Idaho and Utah. March 21: Yona Jimenez,
president and owner of the DBE-certified Global Marine Construction Supply of
White Plains, N.Y., pleaded guilty to mail fraud. She served as a "pass-through"
DBE, receiving a kickback for pretending to be a subcontractor when non-DBE
companies actually performed the work. Feb. 22: Anthony Cappello was sentenced
to six months of home confinement in federal court in Chicago for mail fraud. He
admitted he defrauded the government of $2.3 million in contracts by falsely
claiming that his wife's DBE company performed work for the Chicago Department
of Aviation when his company actually did the work.

Source: U.S. Department of Transportation Office of Inspector General

LOAD-DATE: August 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             660 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Origination News

                                   April 2009

Rhode Island Tops Fraud Rankings

BYLINE: Lew Sichelman

SECTION: Pg. 23 Vol. 18 No. 7

LENGTH: 352  words


LAS VEGAS-America's smallest state has something new over its larger
counterparts. But it probably doesn't want to brag about it.

For the first time, Rhode Island has been ranked as tops in the country for
mortgage fraud, according to the 11th periodic report to the Mortgage Bankers
Association by the Mortgage Asset Research Institute. Released here at the MBA's
annual National Fraud Issues Conference, the report found that fraud activity
based on the book of business originated in the Ocean State was three times the
national average. "Future reports will tell if this is a statistical anomaly,"
said MARI front man Merle Sharick. "But for now, current data suggests that the
state has emerged with a problematic and heretofore unnoticed mortgage fraud
problem."

RI's rise up the ladder from the fourth position last year knocked Florida down
to the second spot. But Nevada and Utah have dropped out of the top 10
altogether. California, too, has dropped, from fourth among the list of hot
spots for fraud last year to eighth this year. Florida, Nevada, Utah and
California, along with Arizona, have been held out as the poster children for
mortgage fraud. But their fall down the fraud ladder suggests that there might
not be any more money to made in those places, so scam artists are taking their
talents elsewhere. "What are they going to do?" Mr. Sharick asked about the
movement of fraudsters to other states. "Those markets are in real stress. Home
values have crashed and the exotic loans are gone."

At the same time, however, Georgia appears to be back in the villains'
cross-hairs. After improving its rankings in 2006 and again in 2007, the Peach
State rose to fourth last year. In 2004 and 2005, Georgia was the No. 1 target
for scam artists. But it was fifth in 2006 and seventh in 2008. Also, Maryland
and New York entered the dubious top 10 for first time, climbing all the way to
fifth and sixth, respectively, from 15th and 14th. Missouri moved up, too, from
12th in 2007 to ninth last year, and Colorado went from 17th to 10th.

Application fraud remains the most prevalent type of misconduct.

URL: http://www.originationnews.com/

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter

JOURNAL-CODE: ON


                        Copyright 2009 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             661 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Oklahoman

                             October 3, 2004 Sunday
                                  City Edition

Mortgage fraud running rampant elsewhere;
Oklahoma ripe for a crisis, experts say

BYLINE: Don Mecoy, Business Writer

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 8D

LENGTH: 731 words


Oklahoma hasn't seen the widespread mortgage fraud that the FBI recently warned
was running rampant through some parts of the country, but the environment
exists for it to become a growing problem here, local regulators and industry
experts say.

Steven Plaisance, president of the Oklahoma Mortgage Bankers Association, said
growing property values and continuing low interest rates that spurred a
refinancing boom could lure mortgage-based crime to the state.

"There's no question we are by no means secure from that type of activity,"
Plaisance said.

The FBI last month said that reports of suspicious activity were coming three
times as frequently this year as in 2001. Gary Johnson, FBI spokesman in
Oklahoma City, said no Oklahoma field offices are involved in the bureau's
investigation, which spans 37 states.

The FBI identified "hot spots" where fraud was prevalent, including Florida,
California, Nevada, Michigan, Missouri and Illinois.

Plaisance said some hucksters based in those states might be targeting
Oklahomans.

"If they do occur whether by lender or by consumer, they might involve people
who are either out of state or preying on our consumers through telemarketing,"
he said.

One common version of mortgage fraud is called "property flipping," in which a
buyer has a recently purchased property fraudulently appraised at a much higher
price, and then sells the property. The mortgage holder is left with property
worth much less than the loan issued.

Plaisance said property flipping is not prevalent here.

"I'd like to think that it's hopefully more isolated incidents," he said.

"Straw buyers," who used forged documents to purchase property, also have been a
problem is some parts of the country, authorities report.

Perpetrators often are professional real estate agents, mortgage brokers, title
agents, appraisers and attorneys, and the complex crimes can cost financial
companies millions of dollars in losses and litigation expenses, authorities
said.

The Internal Revenue Service last year reported that the number of cases related
to mortgage fraud it had initiated doubled from fiscal year 2001 to fiscal year
2003, growing from 107 to 215. The number of indictments increased from 67 in
2001 to 94 in 2003.

The average sentence handed to convicts for real estate-related fraud has
climbed to nearly four years last year from two years in fiscal year 2001 to 46
months in fiscal year 2003, the IRS reported.

However, Oklahoma-based investigators have not seen the same type of increase in
mortgage-related fraud cases, said David Steel, IRS spokesman in Oklahoma City.

Consumer complaints about mortgage-related fraud have not been increasing,
according to officials at the consumer affairs division of the state Attorney
General's office and the Oklahoma Department of Consumer Credit.

"Our people haven't seen an increase in mortgage-related complaints," said Jane
Wheeler. "But I don't know what will happen next week."

Doug Wilken, first vice president of the state mortgage bankers association,
said mortgage applicants more frequently issue false information. But those
transgressions, including falsifying income or credit reports or forging tax
returns, have become easier to detect, Wilken said.

"The lender now has to go to greater lengths to document income and things that
may appear on a credit report" he said. "I think people don't realize what all
gets captured on your credit report."

Oklahoma Department of Consumer Credit Administrator Donald Hardin said the
lower interest rates that have attracted more mortgage brokers and prompted more
consumers to refinance would naturally lead to an proportional increase of fraud
in the industry.

The strength of the housing sector led to predatory lending, in which lenders
target vulnerable homeowners and lure them into high-interest loans with
punitive terms and exorbitant fees, Hardin said. However, relatively few
complaints have been filed with his agency, he said.

Efforts to pass state legislation tougher than federal laws have not been
successful, to the disappointment of consumer advocates.

Wilken, also president of the Oklahoma Homebuyer Education Association, said the
best way to protect consumers is to teach them the proper way to obtain loans.

"People show up closing paying higher fees or higher points than they need to,"
Wilken said. "If they knew how to shop, where to go, who to talk to, that would
not have happened to them."

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2004 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                             662 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                   September 11, 2001 Tuesday, Final Edition

21 indicted in McScam probe by the Feds

BYLINE: DUANE D. STANFORD

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: Metro News; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 397 words


A Lawrenceville man and his Marietta friend were among 21 people indicted Monday
in an alleged conspiracy to steal millions in cash and prizes from McDonald's.

Federal prosecutors have charged the ring's members with various counts of mail
fraud for illegally claiming more than $20 million in winning game pieces from
the fast-food giant. Investigators originally put the losses at less than $14
million.

The ring's accused mastermind, Jerome "Jerry" Jacobson of Lawrenceville, had
been embezzling the winning game pieces since the early 1980s, the indictment
stated.

Prosecutors said Jacobson enlisted his friend, Wiley Richard Couturier, 59, of
Marietta as a recruiter in the scheme.

Jacobson, 58, worked in the Gwinnett County office of Simon Marketing, a Los
Angeles-based company McDonald's hired to run promotions.

As security manager, Jacobson was supposed to randomly distribute the winning
pieces across the country. Instead, he gave them to friends and business
associates and got a cut of the payout, the indictment charged.

Jacobson is charged with conspiracy to commit mail fraud and eight counts of
mail fraud. Each count carries a maximum sentence of five years in prison, a
$25,000 fine and restitution.  Couturier is charged with one count of conspiracy
to commit mail fraud.

The scheme was made public Aug. 22 with the arrest of eight people. Those eight,
including Jacobson, appeared in federal court in Jacksonville Monday.

Five other people were indicted on conspiracy and multiple mail fraud charges:
Robin Lisa Colombo, 40, of Orlando; William R. Fisher, 62, of Jacksonville;
Gloria Brown, 43, of Jacksonville; Andrew M. Glomb, 58, of Fort Lauderdale,
Fla.; and James P. Faherty, 40, of Orlando.

Also charged with one count of conspiracy to commit mail fraud were Marvin
Braun, 58, Coral Gables, Fla.; Stacy L. Breegle, 37, Fredericksburg, Va.; George
Chandler, 29, Westminster, S.C.; John F. Davis, 44, Granburg, Texas; Michael L.
Hoover, 58, Westerly, R.I.; Ronald E. Hughey, 56, Anderson, S.C.; Jerry Lee
Kenney, 42, Front Royal, Va.; Linda Baker, 48, Westminster, S.C.; Noah Dwight
Baker Sr., 49, Westminster, S.C.; Brenda S. Phenis, 50, Westminster, S.C.;
Victor E. Marchitello, 42, Harrison City, Pa.; Steven L. Sinder, 55, Rye Brook,
N.Y.; Earl Stuart, 67, Miami; and Stanley Warrick, 69, of Burr Ridge, Ill.

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 2001 The Atlanta Constitution


                             663 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    May 21, 1997, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION
                              Correction Appended

Medicare anti-fraud program expanded

BYLINE: Steven Findlay

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 304 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON -- A federal government crackdown on Medicare fraud
in five states has been so successful that the Clinton administration
is expanding the pilot program to a dozen more states over the
next two years.

The anti-fraud effort, which officials say has recovered more
than $ 23 for every dollar spent, targets hospitals, nursing homes,
home-health providers, medical-equipment suppliers and, more recently,
HMOs.

In particular, it aims to uncover fraudulent billing practices
and overbilling in Medicare and Medicaid. The government spends
$ 200 billion a year on Medicare, the health insurance program
for the elderly, and around $ 110 billion on Medicaid, the insurance
program for low-income people.

Overall, the program -- dubbed "Operation Restore Trust" --
has recovered $ 187.5 billion since 1995. The government spent
$ 7.9 million on it.

In one case, investigators in Florida found that a third of the
bills submitted by two home health-care providers did not meet
guidelines for reimbursment. The government recovered $ 2.9 million.

The program presently operates only in California, Florida, New
York, Texas and Illinois. It will expand to Arizona, Colorado,
Georgia, Louisiana, Massachusetts, Missouri, New Jersey, Ohio,
Pennsylvania, Tennessee, Virginia and Washington. Eventually,
the administration wants to include all 50 states.

Provider groups generally support the crackdown but say the government
sometimes has labeled incorrectly innocent clerical and accounting
mistakes as fraud.

"The Medicare program is filled with arcane rules about how to
fill out forms and file claims," says Rick Wade of the American
Hospital Association. "They are often not careful enough to distinguish
between compliance with the letter of the law and fraud."

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: May 23, 1997, Friday

CORRECTION:  The federal government's Medicare fraud initiative has recovered
$187.5 million over the last two years. The figure was misstated in a Wednesday
story.

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, B/W(Chart)

TYPE: THE NATION

                      Copyright 1997 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             664 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               November 10, 1993, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

Phone Scam Crackdown

BYLINE: Reuters

SECTION: Section D; Page 12; Column 4; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 145 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Nov. 9


The nation's law enforcement agencies announced an effort this week to crack
down on telephone marketing fraud, which bilks consumers out of $40 billion a
year.

The Federal Trade Commission, state attorneys general and other agencies will
initially focus on the Southeast -- particularly Florida and Georgia, where
fraud appears to be most prevalent.

"This is the first time civil and criminal authorities from all levels of
government are committing themselves to an organized, cooperative attack on
fraud," the F.T.C. chairwoman, Janet D. Steiger, said in a statement.

The officials met in Atlanta on Monday to begin the campaign. Among the states
represented were Alabama, Florida, Georgia, Mississippi, North Carolina, South
Carolina, Tennessee and Virginia. The meeting is the first of nine regional
meetings that will take place over several months.

LOAD-DATE: November 10, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1993 The New York Times Company


                             665 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 25, 2015 Wednesday

West Coast man charged with operating stock scheme that caused $27 million loss
to investors

LENGTH: 550  words

DATELINE: Columbus


United States Attorney's Office for the Northern District of Ohio has issued the
following press release:

A criminal information was filed charging a West Coast man for a variety of
charges for his role in an investment scheme that caused investors to lose $27
million, said Steven M. Dettelbach, U.S. Attorney for the Northern District of
Ohio, and Stephen D. Anthony, Special Agent in Charge of the Federal Bureau of
Investigation's Cleveland Office.

Izak Zirk De Maison, (aka Izak Zirk Engelbrecht, aka Zirk Engelbrecht), 58, of
Redland Hills, California and Seattle, was charged with with one count of
conspiracy to commit securities and wire fraud, two counts of securities fraud
and securities violations, and four counts of wire fraud.

"Investors need to be confident that the price of stock reflects a company's
worth and not the market being manipulated," Dettelbach said.

The information charges that from September 28, 2006, through September 18,
2014, De Maison, together with at least ten other co-conspirators, agreed to
defraud investors and potential investors using five public companies that he
created and controlled, including Lenco Mobile, Kensington Leasing, Ltd.,
Casablanca Mining, Ltd., Lustros, Inc., and Gepco Ltd.

It was a part of the scheme that De Maison issued millions of shares of the
companies to himself and his co-conspirators at little or no cost and then
artificially pumped the price and inflated the trading volume of the stocks
through manipulative trading techniques, such as match trades, wash trades, and
marking the close trades, according to the information.

De Maison used brokers, consultants, and boiler-room promoters in New York, Los
Angeles, and Cleveland to peddle his shares in the companies to victim clients
and investors, and paid these co-conspirators undisclosed commissions for
selling off his shares at the inflated prices.  Little or no portion of the
investments went to fund the operations of the companies.  Rather, De Maison and
his co-conspirators treated their shares in the companies as currency, using
most of the victims' investments to enrich themselves, according to the
information.

De Maison and his co-conspirators caused more than $54 million to be invested in
the purchase of stock in the companies. De Maison caused a loss to investors in
the amount of approximately $27 million from the scheme, according to the
information.

This case is being handled by Assistant U.S. Attorneys Christos N. Georgalis and
Adam Hollingsworth after an investigation by agents of the Federal Bureau of
Investigation, with assistance from the Securities and Exchange Commission.

If convicted, the defendant's sentence will be determined by the Court after a
review of factors unique to the case, including the defendant's prior criminal
record, if any, the defendant's role in the offense, and the characteristics of
the violation.  In all cases the sentence will not exceed the statutory maximum
and in most cases it will be less than the maximum.

An information is only a charge and is not evidence of guilt.  A defendant is
entitled to a fair trial in which it will be the government's burden to prove
guilt beyond a reasonable doubt

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             666 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 23, 2016 Wednesday

Two plead guilty to defrauding banks of $2.5 million through fraudulent short
sales of gas stations in Youngstown area

LENGTH: 457 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Office for the United States Attorneys, Northern District of Ohio has issued
the following news release:



  A man from Warren, Ohio, and an Indiana man pleaded guilty to defrauding banks
out of approximately $2.5 million through fraudulent short sales of gas stations
in the Youngstown area and by other means, law enforcement officials said.





 Shaukat Sindhu, 56, of Warren, and Tahir Iqbal, 48, of Crown Point, Indiana,
are scheduled to be sentenced June 21.



 Iqbal pleaded guilty to two counts of conspiracy to commit bank fraud and three
counts of bank fraud.  Sindhu pleaded guilty to two counts of conspiracy to
commit bank fraud, one count of corrupt interference with the administration of
the Internal Revenue Service, and one count of marriage fraud.



 "These defendants took advantage of a program designed to help troubled
property owners and instead gamed it to enrich themselves," Acting U.S. Attorney
Carole Rendon said. "They will deservedly be trading their mansion for a prison
cell."



 "These two defendants have accepted responsibility for structuring real estate
transactions that defrauded banks out of millions of dollars and lined their
personal pockets," said Stephen D. Anthony, Special Agent in Charge of the FBI's
Cleveland Office. "The FBI will continue to hold fraudsters like these
accountable for their criminal actions."



 "Attempting to skirt your income tax obligations by using multiple Social
Security numbers, dealing in cash, and concealing income and assets in the names
of nominees is a recipe for criminal prosecution," said Kathy A. Enstrom,
Special Agent in Charge, IRS Criminal Investigation, Cincinnati Field Office.



 Sindhu owned several gas stations and other commercial property, but at times
failed to make mortgage payments on these properties. Sindhu, Iqbal and others
defrauded First Midwest and Consumers National banks by making false and
misleading omission and representations about ownership of the properties
between 2008 and 2014. Iqbal acted as a straw buyer for Sindhu in a short sale,
enriching Sindhu by reducing or eliminating the principle owned on the
properties, according to court documents.



 Iqbal also served as a straw buyer for Sindhu for a 16,800-square foot,
nine-bedroom, 13-bathroom home in Oak Brook, Illinois. That home will be
forfeited as part of the plea agreement.



 This case is being prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorneys Chelsea Rice, Adam
Hollingsworth and James Morford following an investigation by the Federal Bureau
of Investigation, Internal Revenue Service - Criminal Investigations and U.S.
Immigrations and Customs Enforcement.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             667 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Claiborne County Progress, Tazewell, Tenn.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              May 22, 2012 Tuesday

Attorney and developer convicted in $6 million mortgage fraud scheme

BYLINE: Marisa Anders, Claiborne County Progress, Tazewell, Tenn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 537 words


May 22--KNOXVILLE, Tenn. -- Jerry Kerley, 58, of Kodak, Tenn., and Jeffrey
Whaley, 48, of Sevierville, Tenn., were convicted last week by a jury in U.S.
District Court in Knoxville of all counts in an indictment against them,
including wire fraud, bank fraud, money laundering and conspiracy to commit wire
fraud and bank fraud.

Kerley and Whaley were charged with conspiring to defraud Citizens Bank, in New
Tazewell, Tenn., and SunTrust Mortgage, Inc., in Richmond, Va., through a
mortgage fraud scheme.

The conspiracy involved a "straw borrower" mortgage fraud scheme in which
individuals were induced to obtain mortgage loans in their names based on
promises that they would not have to make a down payment or mortgage payments
for the property, would receive cash at closing, and would share in the profit
following a resale of the property. Part of the conspiracy involved making
materially false representations to Citizens Bank and SunTrust Mortgage, which,
among other things, included false representations related to the straw
borrowers' source of funds for down payments and amounts recorded as "cash from
borrower" on HUD-1 Settlement Statements and loan applications, for the purpose
of inducing Citizens Bank and SunTrust Mortgage to disburse the mortgage loan
proceeds it had wired to and entrusted with Kerley's title company Guaranty Land
Title.

In eight real estate transactions, Kerley and Whaley concealed from Citizens
Bank and SunTrust Mortgage that the borrower did not provide the money at
closing identified as the "cash from borrower" on the HUD-1 Settlement
Statement. In those eight transactions, Citizens Bank and SunTrust Mortgage, in
total, wired more than $6 million in loan proceeds to Guaranty Land Title
Company for disbursement. Kerley and Whaley were also charged with money
laundering offenses through financial transactions that involved proceeds from
the mortgage fraud scheme.

Kerley, a Tennessee licensed attorney, was the owner of Guaranty Land Title
Company where the fraudulent loans were closed. Whaley conducted business
through a company known as GBO Enterprises which received substantial sums of
money from the loan proceeds.

The Honorable Thomas W. Phillips, U.S. District Judge, scheduled Kerley's and
Whaley's sentencings for September 27, 2012. For their wire fraud, bank fraud
and conspiracy convictions, Kerley and Whaley could receive sentences of up to
to 30 years in prison and a $1,000,000 fine for each count of conviction. For
their money laundering convictions, both could receive sentences of up to10
years in prison and a $250,000 fine. Both are also subject to the imposition of
an order of forfeiture for any proceeds obtained from the fraud and an order of
restitution for losses sustained by Citizens Bank and SunTrust Mortgage.

This investigation was conducted jointly by the Internal Revenue Service,
Criminal Investigation, Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the United States
Secret Service. Assistant U.S. Attorneys Trey Hamilton and Zac Bolitho
represented the government.

___ (c)2012 the Claiborne County Progress (Tazewell, Tenn.) Visit the Claiborne
County Progress (Tazewell, Tenn.) at www.claiborneprogress.net Distributed by
MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: May 25, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120522-1TZ-Attorney-and-developer-convicted-in-6-million-mortgage-
fraud-scheme-0522-20120522

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1TZ


           Copyright 2012 Claiborne County Progress, Tazewell, Tenn.


                             668 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                         September 18, 1996, Wednesday

FLORIDA HAMMERS FRAUD

BYLINE: FROM WIRE REPORTS

SECTION: INSURANCE, Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 409 words

DATELINE: FORT LAUDERDALE, Fla.


Sixty-three people in 27 cities, including physicians and insurance agents, were
arrested Monday in Florida's most ambitious crackdown on insurance f raud.

Insurance Commissioner Bill Nelson said the carefully choreographed spate of
arrests was intended to highlight the size of Florida's fraud problem, which is
especially acute in urban areas like Tampa Bay.

Mr. Nelson estimated insurance fraud costs at $ 100 billion a year nationwide.
Those costs are passed along to consumers through higher premiums.

He estimated that anywhere from 10 percent to 30 percent of the premiums paid by
consumers cover insurers' fraud losses.

State investigators were making arrests from Pensacola to Miami.

Those nabbed included physicians who filed false medical claims, insurance
agents who pocketed premiums, people who filed bogus homeowner insurance claims
and employers who submitted false workers compensation bills.

''For a long time, we have seen that the attitude might be, 'Oh well, the
insurance company will pay for it,' '' said Mr. Nelson, who has made fighting
fraud one of the centerpieces of his administration. ''The consumers of Florida
have to pay the tab. The law-abiding consumers of Florida should not continue to
pay at the rate that they are paying.''

So far this year, the department's efforts have led to the arrests of about 500
people on fraud charges, said Wendy Diehl, an Insurance Department spokeswoman.

The scams in Florida range from bogus auto thefts to filing false medical claims
on behalf of auto accident victims.

Some cases involved people who filed stolen-vehicle claims after selling their
automobiles outside Florida.

Many others involved crooked physicians and chiropractors who paid ''runners''
to recruit patients - and submitted exaggerated medical bills.

Insurance fraud was long committed by petty street criminals seeking to make a
quick buck.

But now it is an organized crime, and even the Mafia may be involved, Mr. Nelson
said.

Mr. Nelson also announced the formation of a team to target south Florida; six
investigators are pursuing about 50 cases.

''Our emphasis . . . will be focusing on the medical fraud area and organized
crime,'' said Ron Poindexter, chief of the fraud unit for the Insurance
Department.

The state's 2,000 licensed insurers are required by law to report fraud, and
about half the companies have their own investigative units, Mr. Poindexter
said.

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

EDITOR-NOTE: Doctors, agents among 63 suspects arrested

                  Copyright 1996 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                             669 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                   July 7, 1995, Friday, Late Edition - Final

Host of Financial Talk Show Is Indicted for a Second Time

BYLINE: By KURT EICHENWALD

SECTION: Section D;  Page 2;  Column 5;  Business/Financial Desk

LENGTH: 549 words


The legal troubles of Sonny Bloch, the financial radio talk show host who was
indicted in May on fraud charges, have taken a turn for the worse.

Federal prosecutors in Manhattan announced yesterday that Mr. Bloch had been
indicted again, this time on eight counts of tax fraud, perjury and obstruction
of justice.

Many of the latest charges involve Mr. Bloch's financial dealings from 1991
through 1993 with the Broadcast Management Corporation, the company that
produced his radio program. In the original indictment, won by Federal
prosecutors in Newark, Mr. Bloch and four other men were accused of using radio
broadcasts to promote fraudulent investment schemes from 1993 through 1995.

In the latest indictment Mr. Bloch is also charged with having lied under oath
while testifying to the Securities and Exchange Commission last fall. That
testimony was the basis of both the perjury and the obstruction of justice
charges. In May, the S.E.C. brought civil charges against Mr. Bloch, accusing
him of having bilked investors of $3.8 million through the sale of "memberships"
in three companies formed to acquire three AM radio stations.

Richard Asche, a lawyer for Mr. Bloch, did not return a telephone call seeking
comment. Mr. Bloch is currently in Federal prison in Manhattan awaiting trial in
New Jersey.

The details of yesterday's indictment may prove to be something of a shock to
fans of Mr. Bloch; the self-styled consumer advocate's personal financial
situation was completely divorced from that of his listeners.

For example, the indictment says that Mr. Bloch attempted to cheat on his taxes,
by failing to file a tax return for three years. All told, the indictment says,
Mr. Bloch avoided paying taxes on $700,000 in income.

In addition, he is accused of having opened a bank account using a false Social
Security number, and of having opened another personal account by using his
son's Social Security number.

The indictment says that Mr. Bloch attempted to avoid taxes by concealing
various sources of income through a number of schemes involving Broadcast
Management. For example, it says, he deposited checks made payable to the
company into personal bank accounts and used the company's cash to pay personal
expenses.

According to the indictment, Mr. Bloch had Broadcast Management pay the rent for
an apartment for him, for a residence for his son and for the mortgage and
maintenance on another residence for his wife, as well as purchase a
Mercedes-Benz, which was used by Mr. Bloch and his son.

Those expenses were then falsely recorded on the books of Broadcast Management
as business expenses, the indictment says. The company falsely claimed $500,000
worth of living expenses for Mr. Bloch and his family as business expenses, the
indictment says.

On Sept. 12, 1994, Mr. Bloch was questioned by the S.E.C. about his personal
finances. During that testimony, the indictment says, Mr. Bloch made a number of
false statements, asserting that he did not control any money, that all the cash
he made from broadcasting and the sale of books went to his wife and ex-wife and
that the only money he received was an allowance from the two women.

If convicted, Mr. Bloch faces five years in prison and a $250,000 fine on each
of the eight counts.

LOAD-DATE: July 7, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Sonny Bloch, the financial radio talk show host who was charged
with fraud in May, has been indicted again, this time on eight counts of tax
fraud, perjury and obstruction of justice, Federal prosecutors said. (Tony
Lopez/St. Petersburg Times)

                   Copyright 1995 The New York Times Company


                             670 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                 March 5, 2001, Monday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

NATION

BYLINE: From News ServicesATLANTA, GEORGIA; ANNOUNCEMENT; RESTRUCTURING
RESIGNATION; PRESIDENT; COCA-COLA; CEO REORGANIZATION; SOFT DRINK COMPANY; TERRE
HAUTE, INDIANA; MEDIA; PRESS COVERAGE; EXECUTION; PRESIDENT; APPOINTMENT;
POSITION; AMBASSADOR; APOLOGY; SENATOR WEST VIRGINIA; RACIAL SLUR; NEW HAVEN,
CONNECTICUT; FINANCIER; CRIME; RACKETEERING; FRAUD

SECTION: NEWS, Pg. A4

LENGTH: 527 words



EAST

NEW HAVEN, Conn.

Financier Martin Frankel appears at hearing

Former fugitive financier Martin Frankel appeared Sunday in federal court to
face racketeering and fraud charges.

During Sunday's hearing, held a day early because of a predicted storm in the
Northeast, Margolis read Frankel his rights and prosecutors formally explained
the charges of wire fraud, securities fraud, racketeering and racketeering
conspiracy.

Frankel is accused of defrauding insurers in Arkansas, Mississippi, Missouri,
Oklahoma and Tennessee. Regulators in those states are seeking more than $ 600
million in damages from Frankel in civil cases.

WASHINGTON

Sen. Byrd apologizes for racial epithet

Sen. Robert Byrd, D-W.Va., apologized for his use of a racial epithet in an
interview broadcast Sunday.

Asked about race relations today, Byrd, 83, said in the interview taped Friday
with "Fox News Sunday" that they are "much, much better than they'v e ever been
in my lifetime. ... I think those problems are largely behind us."

He continued: "I think we try to have good will. My old mom told me, 'Robert,
you can't go to heaven if you hate anybody.' We practice that. There are white
(racist slur). I've seen a lot of white (racist slur) in my time. I'm going to
use that word.

The interviewer, Tony Snow, said that Byrd's office later issued an apology.

WASHINGTON

Bush reportedly offers senator an ambassadorship

Former Republican Sen. Dan Coats of Indiana has accepted an offer from President
George Bush to become U.S. ambassador to Germany, The Indianapolis Star reported
Sunday.

The Star quoted Coats as saying that he had been asked by Bush to accept the
ambassadorship in Berlin, and had done so.

There was no immediate comment from the White House on the Coats report.

Coats, 57, served on the Armed Services and Intelligence committees when he was
in the Senate. He left that body in 1998 and has since been a lobbyist for one
of Washington's top law firms.

MIDWEST

TERRE HAUTE, Ind.

1,300 in media reportedly plan to cover execution

Warden Harley Lappin of the U.S. Penitentiary in Terre Haute says 1,300 media
representatives have told the Bureau of Prisons they plan to cover the May 16
execution of Timothy McVeigh, the convicted Oklahoma City bomber.

The media intend to erect portable buildings, trailers and staging platforms
outside of the prison, raising public safety issues, he told the Vigo County
Safety Commission on Friday.

"It's shocking to me what they want to do. They want to build a city out there,"
Lappin said.

SOUTH

ATLANTA

Coca-Cola president quits amid reorganization

Jack L. Stahl, Coca-Cola's president and chief operating officer, resigned
Sunday as the beverage giant announced a reorganization of its management
structure.

The change creates four business units - Americas, Asia, Europe/Africa and New
Business Ventures - with the head of each reporting directly to Douglas Daft,
chairman and chief executive.

The new structure eliminates the president position. Coke spokesman Rob Baskin
said Stahl, 47, was not fired.

LOAD-DATE: March 5, 2001

LANGUAGE: English

NOTES: NATION & WORLD

TYPE: Nation Briefs Column

                  Copyright 2001 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             671 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Bakersfield Californian

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            December 13, 2013 Friday

David Crisp agrees to plead guilty

BYLINE: John Cox, The Bakersfield Californian

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 257 words


Dec. 13--David Crisp, the alleged kingpin behind Bakersfield's massive Crisp &
Cole mortgage fraud case, has agreed to admit to one felony count of conspiracy
to commit mail, wire and bank fraud.

Crisp, 34 years old, faces up to 30 years in prison and a $1 million fine. He is
scheduled to enter his plea to U.S. District Court Judge Lawrence O'Neill at
1:30 p.m. Monday in Fresno.

Crisp's plea agreement, signed Thursday, comes a little more than a month after
his former business partner, Carl Cole, 66, pleaded guilty to one count of the
same crime.

With his agreement, all but one of 15 defendants in the case have pleaded or
agreed to plead guilty in a scheme prosecutors say cost banks more than $20
million.

The remaining defendant is Julie Dianne Farmer, the former operations manager at
Crisp, Cole & Associates. She is charged with eight counts of mail fraud; four
counts of wire fraud; one count of conspiracy to commit mail, wire and bank
fraud; one count of conspiracy to launder money; and one count of bank fraud.

Her trial is scheduled to start Feb. 4.

Crisp and his attorney could not immediately be reached for comment. Prosecutors
with the U.S. Attorney's Office declined to comment Friday.

Crisp and Cole had each faced 56 felony counts, including 33 counts of mail
fraud, 10 counts of wire fraud, 11 counts of bank fraud and one count to launder
money.

___ (c)2013 The Bakersfield Californian (Bakersfield, Calif.) Visit The
Bakersfield Californian (Bakersfield, Calif.) at www.bakersfield.com Distributed
by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20131213-BK-David-Crisp-agrees-to-plead-guilty-1213-20131213

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BK


                   Copyright 2013 The Bakersfield Californian


                             672 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     March 22, 1993, Monday, Final Edition

Small Businesses Can Help Stop Workers' Compensation Fraud

JANE APPLEGATE

SECTION: FINANCIAL; PAGE F8; JANE APPLEGATE

LENGTH: 713 words


Angry business owners don't have to be asked twice to share their workers'
compensation fraud horror stories about laid-off workers filing stress claims or
employees injured on the ski slopes claiming they were hurt at work.

But the good news is that California's strenuous efforts to thwart workers'
compensation fraud are paying off, industry experts say.

Two new laws, one making it a felony to file a fraudulent workers' comp claim
and another limiting misleading advertising by medical clinics and attorneys,
have slowed the flow of bogus claims, according to James Little, president of
Fremont Compensation Insurance Co. in Glendale, Calif.

Fremont has seen a 40 percent decrease in workers' comp claims since July 1992,
according to Little, who helped ABC "Prime Time Live" correspondent Diane Sawyer
set up a six-month sting operation in downtown Los Angeles.

Doctors, rehabilitation providers and people who "sell" patients to workers'
comp clinics in exchange for kickbacks offered the bogus "Morgan Medical" clinic
about $ 20 million worth of fraudulent claims.

"We have liberalized the workers' compensation system to the point where you are
almost a fool not to take advantage of it," Little said.

Fremont, which underwrites about $ 400 million worth of insurance for 11,000
California employers, established an in-house fraud unit last year. Ranney
Pageler, chief of Fremont's fraud team, said employers can thwart fraudulent
claims by:


Communicating with employees. Make sure they understand how the workers' comp
system is set up to handle legitimate claims. Remind employees they face fines
of up to $ 50,000 and five years in jail if convicted of filing false claims.


Conducting exit interviews with terminated workers at the time they leave the
company to document any apparent health problems or injuries.


Designating one person to be responsible for taking care of any employee who is
injured. If need be, drive the injured employee to a clinic for treatment and
document the incident.


Encouraging the company's insurance carrier to pay off legitimate claims
promptly and be willing to cooperate with any investigations involving
employees.


Setting up incentive programs to make on-the-job safety a top priority.

Pageler said California's aggressive stance against workers' comp fraud has
forced many fraudulent medical clinics and rehabilitation centers to leave the
state. Investigators with whom Pageler has been in touch say bogus workers' comp
clinics are opening in Arizona, Texas, Florida and Maryland.


Although the new laws and aggressive anti-fraud campaigns launched by insurers
are deterring blatant abuses, California employers still pay about $ 10 billion
a year to provide coverage and benefits, said William Molmen, general counsel of
the California Workers Compensation Institute, a San Francisco-based research
group funded by the insurance industry. In 1982, employers paid $ 3.6 billion.

Last year, Molmen said, beleaguered business owners made 6,051 referrals to
state officials responsible for investigating suspected workers' comp fraud.

Here's the most depressing statistic: Of every dollar moving through the
workers' comp system, 29.5 cents goes to the employee, 28.2 cents goes to the
insurance carriers, and 42.3 cents goes to doctors, lawyers and rehabilitation
clinics.

Although California's rates are sky-high, five other states have higher workers'
comp rates, according to a study by John Burton of Cornell University. Montana
has the highest rates, followed by Texas, Oregon, Florida, Maine and California.

"The workers' compensation system is a totally appropriate moral system that has
been perverted by attorneys and doctors," said Ken Florence, a Beverly Hills,
Calif., attorney who specializes in employment issues.

Florence, whose firm represents about 400 big and small businesses, said most
fraudulent claims are filed by laid-off workers.

"One of my clients had a part-time employee stuffing envelopes," he said. "She
knew from the start that the job was temporary. Still, when she was laid off,
she filed a stress claim saying the job caused her 'emotional damage.' "


Write to Jane Applegate at the Los Angeles Times, Times Mirror Square, Los
Angeles, Calif. 90053.


LOAD-DATE: October 14, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, RANNEY PAGELER, LEFT, AND JAMES LITTLE HELP COMPANIES THWART
FRAUDULENT CLAIMS. LOS ANGELES TIMES

TYPE: COLUMN

                       Copyright 1993 The Washington Post


                             673 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald Tribune (Florida)

                             July 19, 2011 Tuesday

FROM THE REGION

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg. B2

LENGTH: 2178 words


COLUMN: FROM THE REGION

Region

Whitinsville, Hopedale backed for national park

A National Park Service Special Resources Study is recommending that the
Whitinsville Historic District and the Hopedale Village Historic District be
included in a Blackstone River Valley Industrial Heritage National Park that
would also include locations in Rhode Island.

Officials in the area have said in recent weeks the report that was released to
the public Monday would recommend the formation of the noncontiguous national
park.

The report said the Whitinsville and Hopedale districts as well as those in
Rhode Island meet the NPS criteria for national significance.

The report said the region remains the best place in the country to interpret
the origin and rise of the industrial revolution.

"As the nation's first heavily industrialized region, the valley became the
prototype for a sweeping social transformation that included a fundamental shift
in the nature of work," the report said.

People will get a chance to comment on the report in an Aug. 16 hearing in
Northbridge.

The formation of the national park would require an act of Congress, according
to the report.

Worcester

Couple faces sentencing for mortgage fraud

A Worcester man and his wife face sentencing in September before a federal judge
in Boston.

Robert O. Palmer, 52, of Worcester, was convicted last week by a jury in U.S.
District Court. He was found guilty of wire fraud arising from a mortgage fraud
scheme involving a property in Paxton.

His wife, Clara P. Andrade-Palmer, 43, also of Worcester, pleaded guilty July 6
to the same charge. She also pleaded guilty to student financial aid fraud,
passport fraud, and two counts of Social Security fraud.

The couple devised a scheme in 2006 to defraud Accredited Home Lenders, a
mortgage lending business, to get a loan to refinance their primary residence at
39 Asnebumskit Road, Paxton. The pair made false representations in the mortgage
application regarding Ms. Andrade-Palmer's name, Social Security number, and
credit history to conceal her criminal history and her obligation to make
restitution, according to Assistant U.S. Attorneys Cynthia W. Lie and Maxim
Grinberg.

Accredited Home Lenders approved the mortgage and gave about $333,000 via
interstate wire. Judge Rya W. Zobel scheduled sentencing for both defendants
Sept. 28.

In 2001 Ms. Andrade-Palmer was sentenced to 15 months in prison after pleading
guilty in U.S. District Court to five counts of uttering forged checks. She was
ordered to pay about $369,000 by Judge Nathaniel M. Gorton, who said he
regretted that he could not deport Ms. Andrade-Palmer to her native Ecuador.

She had become a naturalized U.S. citizen three weeks before she was charged
with taking blank checks from her employer, Olympus Healthcare Group in
Westboro, before taking maternity leave from the company, where she served as a
payroll clerk.

Worcester

Police seek pair who stabbed man

WORCESTER - Police were searching yesterday for two men who stabbed a
28-year-old man on Chandler Street Sunday afternoon.

The victim was stabbed once in the lower back and twice in the left leg; police
said the injuries are not life-threatening.

Police were called to St. Vincent Hospital for a report of a man who walked into
the emergency room with a stab wound, police said in a news release.

The victim told police he was walking on Chandler Street sometime before 3:30
p.m. when he got into an argument with two men. During the argument the men
allegedly stabbed the man. Police said the victim gave them conflicting
statements about the incident.

They searched the Chandler Street area, but did not find any suspects.

Another witness came forward and gave limited descriptions of the suspects.

Detectives interviewed both the victim and his girlfriend.

Anyone with information can send an anonymous text to 274637 TIPWPD + your
message or send an anonymous Web message to worcesterma.gov/police. Calls can
also be made to the Detective Bureau at (508) 799-8651.

Northbridge

Fire in family's bedroom sends 2 to hospital

NORTHBRIDGE - A fire that started in a second-floor bedroom of a four-family
building at 18 A St. about 8:30 last night appears to be electrical in origin,
according to fire officials Monday. The fire remains under investigation.

One firefighter was taken to an area hospital Sunday night for evaluation,
according to a department spokesman. A tenant next door was also taken to the
hospital for evaluation. There is no further information on their conditions.
Firefighters battled the fire in extreme heat conditions Sunday night. All
occupants of the building got out safely.

Firefighters had the fire under control very quickly, and cleared from the scene
in about two hours. Damages to the building were estimated at approximately
$20,000.

Westboro

12 fire departments fight 20-acre brush fire

WESTBORO - A dozen fire departments battled a 20-acre brush fire Sunday
afternoon and evening in Cedar Swamp, between Bay State Commons and the CSX
railroad.

The fire was reported at 3:40 p.m., and crews had the fire under control six
hours later. Crews returned to check on hot spots yesterday.

Fire Capt. Calvin Lawrence said it was difficult to gain access to the area of
the fire, and the cause of the fire is undetermined.

The Westboro

Fire Department was assisted by fire departments from Northboro, Southboro,
Grafton, Hudson, Upton, Ashland, Berlin, Hopkinton, Shrewsbury, Millbury,
Boylston and the state Department of Conservation and Recreation.

Auburn

Police nab suspects in robbery of CVS

AUBURN - Three out-of-towners

are charged with robbing a CVS yesterday morning.

Two Fall River men and one Swansea man were arrested at gunpoint by Officer
Jonathan O'Brien and other police officers about 6:30 yesterday morning, a short
time after they allegedly made away with more than 1,000 prescription oxycodone
and OxyContin pills from the CVS pharmacy at 676 Southbridge St., according to
Police Chief Andrew J. Sluckis. The CVS is open 24 hours a day.

Officer O'Brien was parked nearby when he saw two men run out of the

pharmacy and get on bikes. He followed the pair in his cruiser, and saw them cut
across Faith Avenue and head toward a car waiting near Langway Ford on Route 20.

Meanwhile, Sgt. Todd Lemon, who was also on duty at the time, noticed an empty
car parked near the dealership. A

while later, he saw a man in the parked car. Sgt. Lemon asked the man in the car
where he was from, and was told Fall River, Chief Sluckis said.

Other officers began to converge on the area to assist Officer O'Brien and Sgt.
Lemon. Police apprehended the man waiting in the car and the two men on bikes as
they headed toward the car. All three were to be arraigned in Worcester Central
District Court yesterday afternoon.

Nicholas P. Cohen, 33, of 193 Palmer St., Fall River, and Matthew J. Howorth,
34, of 130 Barneyville Road, Swansea, allegedly confronted the pharmacist and
told him "that no one would get hurt" if he gave them all the prescription drugs
they were looking for, according to Chief Sluckis.

Michael Candido, 35, of 106 Augustus St., Fall River, was in the alleged getaway
car. All three were charged with unarmed robbery, trafficking in prescription
drugs, possession of prescription drugs with the intent to distribute,
possession of a class B substance, conspiracy, larceny of prescription drugs and
threatening to commit a crime (bodily injury). Mr. Candido was also charged with
using a motor vehicle while committing a felony.

Mr. Cohen and Mr. Howorth were each held on $25,000 cash bail set at their
arraignment yesterday. Mr. Candido's bail was set at $500 cash.

Worcester

Road rage angle probed in collision on I-190

WORCESTER - State police continue to investigate a two-car accident on
Interstate 190 Sunday night that may have been caused by road rage. Both drivers
were from Leominster and speed may have been a factor, according to state
police.

The accident, which occurred just before 10 Sunday night, forced the closing of
I-190 near Ararat Street. Traffic was detoured onto West Mountain Street.

The accident involved a 1998 Acura Integra and a 1996 Honda Accord, according to
police. Police have not released identities.

The driver of the Acura was an 18-year-old and his passengers were a 40-year-old
man, a 16-year-old, a 17-year-old, and two 18-year-olds. The man

suffered serious injuries and was taken to UMass Memorial Medical Center -
University Campus. The Honda was driven by another 18-year-old, and that driver
had one 19-year-old and one 20-year-old in his vehicle.

State police have not yet released the names of the drivers, but said charges
are pending against the driver of the Honda Accord.

Worcester EMS and Fire responded to the accident.

Shrewsbury

Public health officials inspect St. John's pool

SHREWSBURY - State public health officials inspected the outdoor swimming pool
at St. John's High School yesterday after a near-drowning at a summer camp

Thursday.

A 7-year-old boy who was found in the outdoor swimming pool remained in critical
condition. Timothy J. Connolly, spokesman for the Worcester district attorney's
office, said yesterday there had been no change in the child's condition.

Sunila Rao of Mumbai, India, said Friday her great-nephew, Aaditya Basrur, was
at St. John's day camp - for ages 5-12 - to learn to swim. About 40 children
were in the pool at the time of the accident, shortly after 2 p.m.

The state Department of Public Health ordered the pool closed last week, pending
the inspection. An official from the DPH said yesterday the results of the
inspection will not be released for a few days.

Region

Tornado aid registration has deadline of Aug. 15

Residents affected by the June 1 tornadoes in Hampden and Worcester counties who
still have not registered with the Federal Emergency Management Agency and the
U.S. Small Business Administration have until Aug. 15 to do so.

Those who need to register with FEMA can call (800) 621-3362 or can visit the
remaining Disaster Recovery Centers in Monson, Springfield and West Springfield
where they will be assisted in registering.

Centers in Brimfield and Sturbridge have closed.

The disaster recovery center in Southbridge has transitioned and is now a SBA
Disaster Loan Outreach Center that will close July 28. That facility is open
weekdays from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. at the Jacob Edwards Library, 236 Main St.,
Southbridge.

Other recovery centers are open Monday through Friday, 10 a.m. to 6 p.m., and
Saturday 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. at: Massachusetts Technology Park, One Federal St.,
Building No. 104, Springfield; J. Edward Christian Municipal Office Building, 26
Central St., 3rd Floor, West Springfield; Granite Valley Middle School, 21
Thompson St., Monson.

Worcester

Cooling center opens at YMCA Central Branch

WORCESTER - With this month's hot weather expected to continue, the city is
opening a cooling center today through Friday.

The city's primary cooling center will be open from 11 a.m. to 7 p.m. at the
YMCA Central Community Branch at 766 Main St. Transportation will be provided by
the Worcester Regional Transit Authority. Residents can call (508) 752-9283 for
complimentary transportation direct to the center.

According to the city, the cooling center will be run by city staff and
volunteers coordinated by the Department of Public Health.

Additional cooling options for residents will be available at the following
times and locations:

From 9 a.m. to 3 p.m. today through Friday at the Worcester Senior Center, 128
Providence St.; 9 a.m. to 9 p.m. today and tomorrow, and 9 a.m. to 5:30 p.m.
Thursday and Friday, Worcester Public Library, 3 Salem Square; 9 a.m. to 5:30
p.m. today, 1 p.m. to 5:30 p.m. tomorrow, 9 a.m. to 9 p.m. Thursday, and 1 to 9
p.m. Friday at the Worcester Public Library, Frances Perkins Branch, 470 West
Boylston St.; and from 2 to 5 p.m. today through Friday at the Worcester Public
Library, Great Brook Valley Branch, 89 Tacoma St.

Residents with questions can call the city's customer service center at (508)
929-1300.

Worcester

Georgia drug dealer gets 13 years in prison

WORCESTER - A Georgia drug dealer who was ripped off by a Worcester drug courier
was sentenced yesterday to 13 years in federal prison.

Feliciano Hernandez Moreno, 30, of Buford, Ga., was sentenced by U.S. District
Judge F. Dennis Saylor IV. The sentence was imposed after a plea of guilty on
March 17 to conspiracy to distribute eight pounds of pure methamphetamine.

The conspiracy unraveled after Mr. Hernandez Moreno hired Kenneth Sparks to
deliver a truck with methamphetamine hidden in it from California to Georgia.
Instead, Mr. Sparks drove the truck to Massachusetts, where he intended to sell
the methamphetamine himself - until he too was ripped off.

Mr. Hernandez Moreno and a co-defendant, Jaime Alvarez Ramirez, went to
Massachusetts to find Mr. Sparks and the drugs, but by then Mr. Sparks had gone
to law enforcement officers and confessed to stealing the drugs, according to
Assistant U.S. Attorney David Hennessy.

The case was investigated by the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration with the
help of Worcester police.

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Region Whitinsville, Hopedale backed for national park A National Park
Service Special Resources Study is recommending that the Whitinsville Historic
District and the Hopedale Village Historic District be included in a Blackstone
River Valley Industrial Heritage National Park that would also include locations
in Rhode Island.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             674 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Herald-Sun (Durham, NC)

                            August 1, 2002 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Ex-Cisco executive admits to fraud charges;
Man is likely to get five years in prison after plea bargain

BYLINE: By Howard Mintz Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C8

LENGTH: 442 words


SAN FRANCISCO - A former Cisco Systems executive admitted this week to
defrauding the San Jose networking giant out of as much as $50 million,
finalizing a deal with prosecutors that is likely to land him in federal prison
for at least five years.

Robert S. Gordon, still confined to a wheelchair as a result of a suicide
attempt this spring, pleaded guilty to wire fraud and insider trading charges in
a hearing before U.S. District Judge Jeremy Fogel in San Jose. Spelling out his
misdeeds in a 28-page plea agreement, Gordon for the first time admitted that he
embezzled millions of dollars from Cisco between 1998 and 2001, exploiting his
position as a vice president to set up elaborate fraud schemes and divert
Cisco-owned stock to his own accounts.

By admitting the crimes, Gordon, 43, drew closer to resolving a case that broke
open in April 2001, when Cisco fired him after discovering he was using his
well-regarded financial skills to bilk the company. Prior to Tuesday's hearing,
Gordon had told investigators he was being creative and ''thinking outside the
box" to benefit Cisco.

"I exploited my position at Cisco to profit by embezzling assets from the
company, by fraudulently inducing Cisco to loan funds to another company and by
engaging in stock trades based on inside information," Gordon states in the plea
agreement.

Gordon's confession formalized his fall from Silicon Valley success story to
convicted felon. A Stanford law school graduate whose fortunes rose with Cisco's
during the late 1990s, Gordon's world collapsed with his arrest a year and a
half ago.

The deal with prosecutors was close to done in April, when Gordon disappeared
for weeks before turning up near death in a Santa Barbara hospital after
ingesting a combination of drugs and trying to asphyxiate himself with gas from
an apartment stove. Still suffering from nerve damage in one leg, Gordon has
been under psychiatric care at El Camino Hospital in Mountain View, Calif.,
although doctors have declared him competent to stand trial or enter a plea.

Gordon repeatedly assured Fogel that he understood the terms of his plea
arrangement. He told the judge he is taking prescription drugs that rid him of
"any hallucinations that I suffer episodically."

Outside court, Gordon, dressed in a gray suit and managing a slight smile,
declined comment on the instructions of his lawyers. Gordon's lawyers say that
more information will come out at his Oct. 29 sentencing. They stressed that
Gordon has already returned or promised to return much of the money he stole;
court papers show that Gordon has paid Cisco or forfeited to the government a
total of about $22 million.

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: ASSOCIATED PRESS, Cisco, which has a presence in Research
Triangle Park, was the victim of a wire fraud and insider trading scam that cost
the company as much as $50 million.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2002 The Durham Herald Co.


                             675 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Las Cruces Sun-News (New Mexico)

                             August 3, 2014 Sunday

Letters: Aug. 3

BYLINE: Las Cruces Sun-News

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 599 words


Voter ID non-issue rears head again in Las Cruces

Voter ID appears in Las Cruces again   letters in the July 27 Sun-News and the
paper's lead article on July 29. I dismissed voter ID rationale in a letter to
the Sun-News years ago. Now voter ID appears again   not as an issue, but as a
petition drive. The tea party's Bev Courtney worries " people who don't have a
right to vote, such as undocumented immigrants, are influencing elections
because requirements are not strict enough."

My review of the issue since 2012 shows nothing that validates her statement.

The tea party also ignores the state's Republican secretary of state. Dianne
Duran tried to find fraud in 64,000 "questionable" registrations. She found
seven cases of New Mexico voter fraud among 1,269,386 registered voters (Dec.
31, 2012 registrations). Was one of these in Las Cruces, perhaps? Voter fraud in
New Mexico was 0.00000551%, a number so small it's insignificant. That is fact.

We know, however, in 2012 there was voter fraud in Sunland Park, orchestrated by
city employees and Texans. Convictions with jail time resulted. Voter fraud is
now alleged in the June 3 primaries, again Sunland Park. Current state statute
already successfully addresses voter fraud.

Tea party supporters, if voter fraud in Cruces is problematic, where is the
evidence, especially for undocumented worker voting? Oh, there is none? Then
there's no need to amend the City Charter to insert voter ID requirements. Las
Cruces doesn't need a "solution" for a non-existent problem.

I ask Las Cruces voters   don't support voter ID. It's only a mechanism to
disenfranchise voters, especially minorities, seniors, students, the frail and
handicapped. Just ask folks in Arizona, North Carolina and Pennsylvania, among
others. A gubernatorial candidate in Arkansas was turned away from the primaries
he forgot his ID.

Jerry Nachison, Las CrucesID card a simple solution to identifying veterans

Sometimes, a simple solution makes so much sense it stands a good chance of not
getting done.

A veteran (I am) not a beneficiary of VA services (I am not) has no veteran
identification except a DD 214, a letter-size piece of paper usually put in a
safe place. But, in New Mexico, a veteran can pay an extra fee ($18) for a
re-issued driver's license (if he or she drives; I do) that states a veteran's
status as a veteran.

Two questions: why does a veteran have to pay for identification as a veteran
(anywhere); and why is the state, not the federal government, responsible (I was
not in a New Mexico army fighting in Vietnam)?

I suggest something simple: a driver's-license-size card which is a rough
equivalent of DD 214 and is issued by the Military Services upon termination of
service. It would require the minimum information by line: (1) DOD Veteran
Identification (with a back-grounded logo, say), (2) full name and date of
birth, (3) service number, rank, date of rank, (4) dates of service, (5) service
(branch) and nature of discharge, (6) units (optional), (7) medal of choice
(optional). It might have a photograph on the reverse.

I suggest a "Veteran Identification Act" (VIA) to require DOD to issue such
cards to all veterans requesting them and, henceforth, to all veterans when they
are discharged and receive their DD 214. The costs would be modest. If one party
insists on offsetting the costs, I suggest reducing the budget line-item for
Forest Service paperclips.

I have suggested this idea to Sens. Tom Udall and Martin Heinrich, and U.S. Rep.
Steve Pearce.

Anyone want to bet that we can watch while nothing gets done?

Michael L. Hays, Las Cruces

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2014 Las Cruces Sun-News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             676 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  June 1, 1996, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

Jury in New Jersey Finds Ex-Prosecutor Guilty on 30 Counts

BYLINE: By ROBERT HANLEY

SECTION: Section 1;     Page 1;     Column 1;     Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 1113 words

DATELINE: NEWARK, May 31


A former New Jersey County Prosecutor who fashioned himself as a tough crime
fighter and staunch foe of drug dealers was convicted today of 30 Federal
charges of fraud and abuse of power and immediately sent to jail.

Moments after the verdict, the trial judge, Alfred J. Lechner Jr., accused the
former Prosecutor, Nicholas L. Bissell of Somerset County, of lying during his
testimony earlier in the trial, revoked his $200,000 bond and ordered him jailed
until sentencing on Sept. 6.

"The conduct of Mr. Bissell is contrary to trustworthiness," Judge Lechner said.
"The corruption, the conduct in general.

"I'm not going to grant bail at this point," he said. "I'm not satisfied I can
trust him to appear for sentencing."

After deliberating about seven hours over two days, a jury of nine women and
three men also convicted Mr. Bissell's 42-year-old wife, Barbara, of all 13
fraud charges filed against her in a Federal indictment last September. She was
freed on her own recognizance pending sentencing.

The indictment accused the Bissells of skimming $146,000 from the receipts of a
gasoline station they owned with a widower to finance a grand life style,
including fancy leased cars, expensive jewelry and clothing, and various charges
on 40 credit cards.

Most of the charges against them dealt with mail fraud and filing false personal
and corporate tax returns from 1992 to 1994, but Mr. Bissell was also convicted
of several charges of professional corruption and misconduct and abuse of the
powers of his office. They included ordering subordinates to destroy a drug
suspect's written request for a lawyer, lying to Federal investigators, falsely
denying outside business interests on ethics disclosure forms, committing
perjury in connection with a Federal civil lawsuit in which he was a defendant,
and threatening to have cocaine planted in a gasoline wholesaler's car after
they argued about cleanliness at the Bissell station.

The swift verdict, given the complexity of the 43 charges against the Bissells,
and Judge Lechner's criticism of Mr. Bissell marked a humbling end to his
once-powerful law-enforcement career. From his appointment in 1982 by Gov.
Thomas H. Kean until his dismissal by Gov. Christine Todd Whitman after the
indictment last September, Mr. Bissell, 49, built a reputation as an aggressive
and hard-nosed foe of criminals.

At the end of the day, he hobbled out of Judge Lechner's courtroom in leg irons,
escorted by two dour Federal marshals.

During the trial, Federal prosecutors portrayed him as arrogant and abrasive, as
a greedy and bullying thief who, with his wife's help, stole nearly all the
$150,000 his partner, Buddy Thornburg, had invested in the station after his
wife died. The station is in Bedminster in northern Somerset County, which is 30
miles southwest of midtown Manhattan.

After the verdict, the United States Attorney for New Jersey, Faith S. Hochberg,
whose staff brought the indictment, called Mr. Bissell dishonest and corrupt and
said he had engaged in a "pervasive pattern of corruption."

"He applied one law to the citizens of Somerset County and a higher law to
himself," Ms. Hochberg said. The jury's "resounding message," she said, was "we
have laws and these laws govern us all."

Her chief assistant, Stuart Rabner, who prosecuted the case, said, "The mighty,
the powerful and the poor are all equal in the eyes of the law."

A former colleague, Sharon Ransavage, the Prosecutor of Hunterdon and current
president of the New Jersey County Prosecutors Association, said Mr. Bissell's
conduct and conviction had "damaged the reputation of all of us in law
enforcement."

"We're going to have to work even harder to earn and maintain the public's
confidence, and that is most unfortunate," Ms. Ransavage said.

Ms. Ransavage said she thought that Mr. Bissell was the first county prosecutor
in New Jersey to be indicted and convicted in a criminal case. Two others ran
afoul of the law in the late 1980's and early 1990's. In April 1990, the Camden
County Prosecutor, Samuel Asbell, pleaded guilty to fabricating a bizarre story
about armed drug dealers trying to kill him during a high-speed chase through
the streets of Camden. Mr. Asbell agreed to pay $12,000 to cover the cost of the
state investigation of his claim.

In March 1991, the Prosecutor of Salem County, Frank J. Hoerst 3d, pleaded
guilty to one count of stealing money from the county's forfeiture fund. Money
in that fund comes from property officially seized from drug dealers and other
criminals. In a plea bargain, Mr. Hoerst agreed to resign and repay $8,500.

Mr. and Mrs. Bissell listened without emotion as the jury foreman, William
Carrington, read all the guilty verdicts in a strong, firm voice. Mr. Bissell
glanced downward briefly when Mr. Carrington read the first one, and then
watched his lawyer, Donald Belsole, record all the others on a verdict sheet.
Mrs. Bissell sat calmly recording each verdict on her sheet.

After Judge Lechner, who was appointed to the Federal bench by President Reagan
10 years ago, revoked her husband's bail, Mrs. Bissell left the courtroom while
he was being led away. It did not appear that they spoke at length to each
other.

Mrs. Bissell did not attend a midafternoon hearing at which Mr. Belsole appealed
to Judge Lechner to reverse himself, continue bail and free Mr. Bissell. The
judge refused, but told Mr. Belsole he could try again at a date of his choice.

While in office, Mr. Bissell was one of New Jersey's most aggressive prosecutors
in use of the forfeiture laws that allow seizure of suspects' property..

In 1990, an insurance agent and developer, James Guiffre, was arrested in
Somerset County on a minor cocaine charge. Later, he accused Mr. Bissell's
subordinates of bullying him into surrendering the deeds to two lots he had
bought for $174,000. With Mr. Bissell's blessing, the confiscated lots were
later sold for $20,000 to a friend of one of Mr. Bissell's top detectives.

Mr. Bissell's superiors in the State Attorney General's office looked into the
matter but found no wrongdoing on Mr. Bissell's part.

Later, the United States Attorney's office investigated Mr. Guiffre's situation.
The inquiry broadened into the Bissells' personal finances and operation of the
gasoline station. Two of the 30 charges Mr. Bissell was convicted of today dealt
with the confiscation case: obstruction of justice for ordering subordinates to
destroy a letter from Mr. Guiffre asking for a lawyer, and perjury for lying in
connection with a Federal civil lawsuit that Mr. Guiffre filed.

The county agreed to settle Mr. Guiffre's suit,paying him $435,000.

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Nicholas L. Bissell, convicted of Federal fraud charges
yesterday. (Associated Press)(pg. 25)

                   Copyright 1996 The New York Times Company


                             677 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 15, 2014 Wednesday

Washington: Three Convicted of Conspiracy to Defraud Gulf Oil Spill Fund

LENGTH: 762  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

A federal jury on Monday convicted three people of conspiracy and fraud for
their family run scheme to steal more than $3 million from the claims fund
established by British Petroleum for victims of the 2010 Deepwater Horizon oil
spill, announced U.S. Attorney Joyce White Vance and FBI Special Agent in Charge
Richard D. Schwein Jr.

Following a two-week trial before U.S. District Judge Sharon Lovelace Blackburn,
the jury deliberated about seven hours and returned guilty verdicts on all 55
counts against MARCELLA TRUSS, 53, her husband, MARTEE DAVIS, 42, both of Grand
Bay, Ala., and Marcella Truss' brother, HOWARD LENARD CARROWAY, 42, of Mobile.
Sentencing dates have not been set.

All three were convicted of conspiracy to commit wire and mail fraud occurring
between August 2010 and December 2011 for filing false claims with the Gulf
Coast Claims Facility. Evidence at trial showed the oil spill fund paid almost
$2 million on the fraudulent claims. The jury also convicted Truss, Davis and
Carroway of aggravated identity theft in carrying out the scheme.

The jury convicted Truss on 31 counts of wire fraud for submitting, or causing
to be submitted, false claims to the GCCF and on one count of mail fraud related
to a check received as part of the scheme. Davis was convicted on three wire
fraud counts.

Truss and Davis were convicted of laundering money stolen from the GCCF.
Carroway was convicted on two counts of obstructing justice for telling recruits
in the scheme to lie to prosecutors. He also was convicted on five wire fraud
counts.

BP owned the Macondo Oil Well where the Deepwater Horizon drilling rig exploded
in 2010. BP established the GCCF in June 2010 to administer and settle claims
made against the company by individuals or business for losses, damages or other
costs resulting from the massive oil spill.

"The people convicted Monday saw a disaster that harmed the Gulf of Mexico, much
of its coastline and thousands of people, and their choice was to exploit the
disaster and steal from the fund intended to help its victims," Vance said. "We
place a high priority on investigating and prosecuting fraud related to natural
and man-made disasters to ensure that funds available to help victims of those
tragedies do not fall into the hands of criminals," she said.

"Those who seek to scam benefits intended for honest citizens genuinely affected
by disasters can expect the FBI to be right behind them, and ultimately to face
the same result as those convicted today," said Schwein.

Truss, Davis and Carroway originally were charged along with two other people,
Truss' son, Robert Truss III, 26, of Houston, and Cedric Dion Ravizee, 37, of
Birmingham. Robert Truss pleaded guilty in August to conspiracy, money
laundering, wire fraud and mail fraud. Ravizee pleaded guilty in June to one
count of wire fraud.

This week's guilty verdicts bring to 20 the number of people convicted in the
Northern District of Alabama on charges related to the scheme to defraud the
GCCF. Marcella and Robert Truss, Davis and Carroway recruited the 16 other
defendants to provide personal information that was used to file false claims.
Those recruited then received claim payments and provided a portion of the
payments to the ringleaders.

All of the claims falsely stated that the individual had worked for a company
called Built by Request and had lost wages because of the Deepwater Horizon
incident. Marcella Truss owned BBR and dissolved the company after the scheme
played out.

The maximum penalty for conspiracy is five years in prison and a $250,000 fine.
The maximum penalty for wire fraud and mail fraud is 20 years in prison and a
$250,000 fine. The penalty for aggravated identity theft is two years in prison
added to any sentence imposed for the underlying felony. The maximum penalty for
obstruction of justice is 20 years in prison and a $250,000 fine.

The money-laundering charge for which Davis was convicted carries a maximum
penalty of 20 years in prison and a maximum fine of $500,000, or twice the value
of the money involved in the crime, whichever is greater. The money-laundering
charge for which Marcella Truss was convicted carries a maximum penalty of 10
years in prison and $250,000 fine.

The FBI investigated this case. Assistant U.S. Attorneys Henry Cornelius,
Jacquelyn M. Hutzell and Xavier O. Carter are prosecuting the case.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             678 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                          September 27, 2008 Saturday
                                 FINAL EDITION

2 Sentenced In Mortgage Fraud That Bilked Many

BYLINE: RAY REYES, The Tampa Tribune

SECTION: METRO; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 224 words


EACH GETS 5 YEARS FOR RACKETEERING SCHEME

By RAY REYES

The Tampa Tribune

Two people convicted on racketeering charges in connection with a mortgage scam
that bilked dozens of people since 2004 were each sentenced Thursday to five
years in prison, the Florida Department of Law Enforcement said.

Along with the prison terms, Frank Giffone was sentenced to 10 years' probation
and Adrienne White to five years' probation.

Giffone and White each were sentenced in the 10th Judicial Circuit Court in Polk
County.

A third person convicted on racketeering charges, Scott Almeida, will have a
sentencing hearing Oct. 24, the FDLE said.

Giffone, White and Almeida were involved in a mortgage fraud scheme that
convinced mostly minority customers in poor areas of Florida to take out loans
for home improvements, authorities said.

Those involved in the scheme diverted money into personal bank accounts and the
victims were left with large home loans and few, if any, home improvements.

The enterprise submitted nearly 130 bogus loan applications made in
Hillsborough, Lee, Pinellas and Polk counties to New York-based Argent Mortgage
Co., the state attorney general's office said.

Reporter Ray Reyes can be reached at (813) 259-7920 or rreyes@tampatrib.com

Copyright © 2008, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2008 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                             679 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       The Metropolitan Corporate Counsel

                  October, 1998 GREATER NEW YORK METRO EDITION

Program Will Outline What To Do When You Suspect Internal Fraud

SECTION: CORPORATE COUNSEL ORGANIZATION HIGHLIGHTS; Pg. 48

LENGTH: 378 words


The Association of Certified Fraud Examiners recently estimated that U.S.
organizations lose more than $ 400 billion annually to incidents of fraud. These
range from bribery, conflict of interest, and embezzlement to financial
statement fraud, including insider trading and kick-back schemes.

What do you do when you suspect fraud? What are the red flags that validate your
suspicion? How do you conduct a thorough investigation that will not backfire
and involve you in future litigation?

These questions will be discussed at a seminar on Wednesday, October 28 being
presented jointly by the Greater New York Chapter of the American Corporate
Counsel Association (NY ACCA), Kahn Consulting, Inc. (KCI), a financial
consulting services firm, and the business law firm of Kensington & Ressler
L.L.C.

The session, titled Investigating Internal Fraud and Financial Malfeasance, will
take place from noon to 2 p.m. at the Penn Club, 30 West 44th Street, New York
City.

Two of Kensington & Ressler's litigation partners, Henry H. Korn, a former
Assistant U.S. Attorney, and Michael J. Venditto, head of the firm's Litigation
Department, will be joined by KCI Director John Cherpock, a certified fraud
examiner, and Robert T. Stephenson, Vice President and Assistant General
Counsel, Chase Manhattan Bank, who has handled internal investigations involving
fraud and other crimes directed at financial institutions.

Some of the issues they will discuss include how to maximize protection provided
by the attorney-client privilege and the work product doctrine during the
investigation, protection of the report and other documents, obligations of the
board of directors and the trustees, and new legal developments to protect
employees from an overzealous investigation.

The program also will describe various forensic accounting techniques used to
reconstruct events from incomplete or inaccurately prepared records, along with
a discussion of how improvements in internal financial and accounting controls
can significantly reduce the risk of material irregularities going undetected
for extended periods of time.

The registration fees for the program are $ 5 for ACCA members and $ 20 for
non-members. For reservations, call Michele Baum at (212) 841-9364.

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

            Copyright 1998 The Metropolitan Corporate Counsel, Inc.


                             680 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                             March 3, 1998, Tuesday

Anti-fraud efforts are good business

BYLINE: BY RON LENT

SECTION: INSURANCE; Pg. 7A

LENGTH: 991 words

DATELINE: SAN FRANCISCO


Reflecting a national trend, Allstate Insurance Co. is waging war against
alleged perpetrators of insurance fraud.

That is underscored by All- state's recent filing of what is being considered
one of the largest civil suits of its type.

Allstate, the nation's second-biggest auto insurer, filed a $107 million lawsuit
in Los Angeles County Superior Court under a 1993 state law that lets carriers
go after fraud in state court and seek damages amounting to three times the
actual losses, in addition to a $10,000 fine for each false claim.

STAGED CAR CRASHES ALLEGED

The Northbrook, Ill., insurer is suing 45 physicians, lawyers and others,
accusing them of raking in millions of dollars from staging car crashes and
filing fake injury claims.

Allstate and other major insurers are investing more money and resources into
curbing auto insurance fraud and other forms of bogus insurance claims, but a
Washington group recently cited statistics showing that fraud perpetrators are
still ahead of the curve.

""Some $13 billion in fraudulent auto insurance claims were filed in 1995, the
last year for which complete numbers were available, compared with $6.3 billion
in 1993,'' according to Michael Diegel, spokesman for the Coalition Against
Insurance Fraud, a consortium of insurers, consumer groups and government
agencies.

""Insurers are realizing that investing in anti-fraud efforts is a smart
business decision, because in the long run it leads to increased corporate
profitability,'' said Mr. Diegel.

Until a few years ago, insurers ""seemed content to pass along the costs of
insurance fraud to customers through increased premiums for auto insurance,
workers compensation and homeowners insurance,'' Mr. Diegel said, ""but
regulators in the last couple of years have been pressuring insurers to fight
fraud in order to mitigate the amounts of future company rate hike requests.

""Allstate is taking a potentially expensive and complex route, for which they
should be applauded,'' said Mr. Diegel, who has advice for those looking to
fight insurance fraud.

""We urge other states to follow Tennessee's lead and adopt the coalition's
civil remedies for fraudulent insurance acts such as amending state insurance
code guidelines to allow civil lawsuits. If that is done, the road to
restitution would be a lot smoother for the companies.''

Officers of two insurance trade organizations convey various reasons why
insurers of late have been aggressively fighting bogus insurance claims.

""California insurance regulations require insurers to have special
investigative units (SIUs) as a device to fight insurance fraud,'' said Barry
Carmody, president of the Association of California Insurance Companies, in
Sacramento, Calif.

STRESSING SIUS

The state insurance regulations on combating insurance fraud have been on the
books for the last few years, but one thing has changed. Insurance Commissioner
""Chuck Quackenbush's administration has raised the visibility of the (SIU)
requirement to an all-time high,'' Mr. Carmody said.

""Quackenbush has made fighting fraud a major focus of his administration, and
companies have jumped on the bandwagon because of the support they've received
from the Department of Insurance. All this is exemplified by Allstate's action
to fight fraud both criminally and civilly.

Fighting fraud is an expensive proposition,'' said Mr. Carmody, ""and the main
benefit is deterring future fraud claims, which will have an effect on the
corporate bottom line and more importantly lead to reduced auto insurance rates
for policyholders.''

Alliance of American Insurers executive Bill Schroeder indicated Tuesday that
insurers ""have been more aggressive in attempts to curb fraud in recent years
because of a favorable legislative climate prevailing in many states, which have
strong fraud-reporting immunity laws protecting insurers in that regard.''

In addition, ""cost-conscious auto insurers have learned that fraud is a
systemic cost-driver, and they can reduce their overall costs in delivering
insurance by curbing insurance fraud,'' said Mr. Schroeder, vice president of
the Midwest region for the property/casualty insurance trade organization in
Schaumburg, Ill.

State Farm, the largest auto insurer in the United States, and Allstate
previously went after auto fraud rings using a legal tool aimed at organized
crime, the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act.

State Farm, of Bloomington, Ill., has a federal suit under that measure that is
pending against a gang in Chicago.

State Farm and Allstate last fall were awarded almost $11 million in a RICO suit
in California. But that case, in which approximately $10 million went to
Allstate, was in the courts for 14 years.

The latest Allstate case isn't expected to languish in the court nearly that
long, because of California's new law, which grew out of legislation aimed at
workers compensation fraud.

""California is the hotbed of insurance frauds, and finally we have this
offensive weapon for not just defending the insurance companies but also
targeting the criminals and suing them,'' said Dennis B. Kass, All- state's lead
attorney.

In the suit, Allstate alleges certain ""law offices, medical professionals and
claimants worked to file fraudulent claims'' by staging collisions.

These were done in various ways, said Mr. Kass, but in all cases professionals
assisted in filing claims and shared the proceeds with accomplices.

99 ACCIDENTS

Allstate's suit emanates from a four-year investigation focusing on at least 99
accidents that were reported from 1992 to 1996.

""This is not a victimless white-collar crime,'' said Edward J. Moran, head of
Allstate's investigative unit.

Company officials indicate that such fraud on the average increases driver's
annual insurance premiums by $200 to $300 and endangers the lives of thousands
of motorists and passengers.

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1998 Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                             681 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  thespec.com

                           August 14, 2013 Wednesday
                                 First Edition

Canucks charged in massive fraud;
Penny stock scheme bilked investors of $140m

BYLINE: Paola Loriggio The Canadian Press

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. A12

LENGTH: 405 words


Four Canadians and five Americans engaged in a massive penny stock fraud scheme
that bilked investors in Canada, the U.S. and many other countries of more than
$140 million, the U.S. Department of Justice said Tuesday.

One of the Canadians was arrested in Ontario and another one was among six
suspects arrested in New York, Arizona, New Jersey, Florida and California,
authorities said.

Two other Canadians are being sought in what the department is calling one of
the largest international penny stock frauds in history.

The arrests were the result of a multi-year investigation involving the FBI and
the RCMP, the department said, adding it relied on wiretaps in the U.S. and
undercover agents abroad.

The indictment alleges the defendants were involved in a massive "pump-and-dump"
scheme - buying controlling interests in sketchy startup companies, then
artificially inflating their value by promoting them in fictitious emails,
social-media messages and news releases.

The fraudulent sales campaign generated more than $120 million in investments by
tens of thousands of people in the United States, Canada and 33 other countries,
authorities said.

Working out of boiler-room phone centres in Canada, Thailand and Britain, the
defendants again victimized the same investors by convincing them to pay $20
million in advance fees in return for helping them sell their securities or join
lawsuits to reclaim their losses, court papers said.

"They cheated, lied and swindled investors into buying billions of shares of
worthless stock, then turned around and used a second scam to cheat those
investors again," said U.S. attorney Loretta Lynch.

Two of the Canadian suspects - Gregory Ellis, 46, and Kolt Curry, 38 - have been
arrested.

But authorities said Sandy Winick, 55, remains at large in Thailand and Gregory
Curry, 63, has yet to be located.

Gregory and Kolt Curry are father and son, Soto said.

The American suspects are Gary Kershner, 72; Joseph Manfredonia, 45; Cort
Poyner, 44; Songkram Roy Sahachaisere, 43; and William Seals, 51.

The charges include conspiracy to commit securities fraud, conspiracy to commit
wire fraud, wire fraud, securities fraud and false personation of an officer of
the United States.

If convicted, the accused could face up to 20 years of imprisonment for each
count of conspiracy to commit wire fraud, wire fraud and securities fraud, as
well as up to five years for conspiracy to commit securities fraud.

LOAD-DATE: August 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2013 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             682 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Edmonton Journal (Alberta)

                            December 23, 2007 Sunday
                                 Final Edition

Gifted violinist charged with orchestrating fraud; Joseph Tang, 28, nabbed by
U.S. officials after performance in Oregon

BYLINE: Roger Collier, Ottawa Citizen; CanWest News Service

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A5

LENGTH: 507  words

DATELINE: OTTAWA


The handcuffs would have made an encore difficult.

Moments after a November performance in an Oregon concert hall, 28-year-old
Ottawa violinist Joseph Tang was arrested backstage on federal fraud charges.

On Thursday, the United States Department of Justice announced that Tang, who
had been pursuing graduate studies at the University of Oregon, was charged last
week with mail and wire fraud relating to the sale and consignment of fine
musical instruments in San Francisco.

Tang appeared in a U.S. District Court in San Francisco on Monday and was
indicted on two counts of wire fraud and eight counts of mail fraud.

Each count carries a maximum sentence of 20 years in prison. Tang is now free on
bail.

The indictment alleges Tang presented himself as a broker of expensive violins
and violas and bilked instrument collectors and dealers out of thousands of
dollars.

He is accused of selling instruments on consignment and failing to pay the
owners, lying about receiving instruments that dealers had shipped to him,
sending different instruments to buyers than were promised, and lying about
refunding money.

Another San Francisco violin dealer claims Tang gave him a $1,500 cheque --
which bounced -- as payment for refurbishing a violin sometime in 1999. The
dealer repeatedly attempted to contact Tang without success.

"I was happy to hear that they finally caught up with him," the man told the San
Francisco Chronicle on Friday. "He finally couldn't stay one step ahead
anymore."

Tang's arrest is the result of a 21/2-year investigation by the United States
Postal Service. According to U.S. federal prosecutors, Tang may have been
committing fraudulent activities since 2002.

A postal inspector discovered Tang was studying in Eugene, Ore., earlier this
year. Oregon police arrested him on Nov. 28 after a performance of Beethoven's
Symphony No. 5 by the University of Oregon's symphony orchestra, in which Tang
played first violin.

"We didn't want to ruin the show," the arresting officer told the San Francisco
Chronicle. "It was actually a really good concert."

In 1999, while attending the University of Ottawa, Tang formed the Volta String
Quartet, in which he also played first violin. The quartet performed in many
cities, including Ottawa, Montreal and Toronto.

Some of their performances aired on CBC Radio.

They were the only Canadian group invited to compete in the London International
String Quartet Competition in 2000.

The next year, they competed at the Fischoff Chamber Music Competition in
Indiana and the Banff International String Quartet Competition.

In 1988, Tang took first place in the Violin Solo -- Quick Study class for
grades 3 and 4. In 1998, he won seven awards.

Tang's mother, Elizabeth Tang, is the president and treasurer of the Ottawa
chapter of Canadian Music Competitions.

"It's a business deal that has gone sour and besides that I have no comment,"
she said yesterday, when reached by phone. "I have no comments with this whole
situation."

Tang is scheduled to appear in U.S. federal court again on Jan. 14, 2008.

LOAD-DATE: December 24, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2007 Edmonton Journal, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             683 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Pueblo Chieftain (Colorado)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              May 21, 2013 Tuesday
                              Correction Appended

Medicaid fraud charges headed for trial

BYLINE: Loretta Sword, The Pueblo Chieftain, Colo.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 463 words


May 21--The upcoming trial regarding alleged Medicare fraud by Life Care Centers
of America includes at least one allegation involving University Park Care
Center in Pueblo.

The case was filed in federal court in Chattanooga, Tenn., last year after
numerous employees and former employees in numerous states complained that the
corporation was involved in a scheme to fraudulently charge Medicare's maximum
reimbursement rates for patient therapy sessions, to perform unnecessary therapy
and to delay patient discharges in order to boost Medicare revenue, according to
court documents.

Life Care Centers of America operates 27 nursing homes in Colorado, including
two in Pueblo -- Life Care Center, 2118 Chatalet Lane, and University Park Care
Center, 945 Desert Flower Blvd. Others in the region include Columbine Manor
Care in Salida, Canon Lodge Care Center in Canon City and Alamosa's Evergreen
Nursing Home and San Luis Care Center. Most of the others are located in the
Denver metro area. Court documents include allegations about a "blind and obese"
patient who was not ambulatory when admitted to University Park Care Center. The
nursing center billed Medicare for therapy the patient was incapable of
performing, the court case alleges. Director Cindy Willis, who said she's been
on the job at UPCC for only one week, referred questions to the company's
Mountain States Division office in Aurora, where calls were not immediately
returned.

An administrator at Pueblo's Life Care Center said the case doesn't involve the
South Side nursing home. She said a national administrator would respond to
further questions via email, but there was no response from corporate
headquarters in Cleveland, Tenn., by evening.

Life Care Centers, a private company owned by one individual, received about
$4.2 billion in Medicare reimbursements between 2006 and 2011, according to
court documents. Many of those charges were either inflated or otherwise
fraudulent, the case claims.

The government alleges in its case that, nationwide, about 68 percent of Life
Care Center charges for various types of therapy during those years fell in the
"ultra high" level -- or more than twice the average for other nursing homes.
The document also alleges the company retaliated against employees who
complained about the alleged fraudulent charges and practices regarding therapy.

A corporate spokesman told CBS TV in a December investigative report that "Life
Care strongly disagrees with the allegations and will vigorously defend its
therapy programs," which he said actually save Medicare dollars based on an
inhouse analysis.

lorettas@chieftain.com

___ (c)2013 The Pueblo Chieftain (Pueblo, Colo.) Visit The Pueblo Chieftain
(Pueblo, Colo.) at www.chieftain.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130521-PB-Medicaid-fraud-charges-headed-for-trial-0521-20130521

CORRECTION-DATE: May 22, 2013



CORRECTION:

A headline on a story published Tuesday about alleged Medicare fraud by Life
Care Centers of America listed the wrong federal program. An editor made the
error.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PB


                      Copyright 2013 The Pueblo Chieftain


                             684 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                     April 28, 2004 Wednesday CITY EDITION

FORMER FIREPOND EXEC CHARGED WITH FRAUD

BYLINE: Staff and wire reports

SECTION: BUSINESS; REGIONAL; Pg. C2

LENGTH: 1109 words


A former executive for Firepond, a Minneapolis-based software company, has been
charged with fraud after he allegedly faked millions in sales, allowing him to
pocket big commissions and causing the company to misstate its financial
results, federal officials said Tuesday. James Reid, 56, of Waterloo, Ontario,
was arrested Tuesday as he attempted to enter the United States in Niagara
Falls, N.Y., the U.S. attorney's office in Boston said. According to an
indictment unsealed Tuesday, Reid faked more than $4.8 million in three
contracts and received $156,000 in commissions on the bogus sales before his
scheme was uncovered. Reid is charged with one count of mail fraud and nine
counts of wire fraud. The Securities and Exchange Commission also announced it
had filed a civil fraud action against Reid for causing Firepond to misstate its
financial results for two quarters in 2002.

NRG will move its HQ to New Jersey

NRG Energy, which emerged from bankruptcy in December, will move its
headquarters from Minneapolis to West Windsor, N.J., to be closer to the
company's power plants in the northeastern U.S. About 43 percent of NRG's
generating capacity is in the Northeast, according to company filings. NRG's
current headquarters is a legacy of its former parent company, Minneapolis-based
Xcel Energy, which turned the former subsidiary over to creditors in the
bankruptcy. The company said it will receive a $7.5 million grant over 10 years
from the New Jersey Economic Authority to help finance the move. NRG said it
intends to reduce its headquarters staff by 42 percent with its relocation.

NRG, Dynegy settle in California case

NRG Energy and Houston-based Dynegy reached a $281.5 million settlement with
California state utilities to resolve claims that they overcharged for
electricity during that state's energy crisis in 2000 and 2001. The two
companies will forgo about $269 million they're owed for power sales to the
state and the utilities, pay $8 million to compensate California agencies for
higher costs, and pay $3 million to resolve a U.S. investigation of energy
market manipulation, said California Attorney General Bill Lockyer.

Low interest rates hurt Bremer profits

Bremer Financial Corp. on Tuesday reported that first-quarter net profits fell
11 percent as it struggled with continued low interest rates. Profits for the
St. Paul-based bank, which is privately owned by the Otto Bremer Foundation,
were $14.4 million vs. $16.2 million a year earlier. Bremer saw less profit
margin on the difference between the interest earned and interest paid as a
result of low interest rates. Deposits and loans each rose about 8 percent, and
revenue from insurance, trust and brokerage each saw double-digit increases. But
those gains weren't enough to offset a 51 percent decline in gains on the sale
of securities and lower home mortgage fees, said chief executive Stan Dardis.

Digital Angel shares up on cattle ID plan

Shares of South St. Paul-based Digital Angel, which makes digital identification
monitors, surged over 12 percent after the U.S. Agriculture Department announced
plans to enroll some cattle and ranches by year's end in a national animal
identification system designed to combat mad cow disease. The government will
evaluate several pilot programs involving regional systems, said Bill Hawks, the
department's undersecretary for marketing and regulatory affairs. As many as 100
million animals, mostly cattle, eventually will be part of a national database,
officials said. A government-industry task force recommended that the plan be in
place by July 1, 2006, at an estimated cost of $474.7 million. Digital Angel
shares rose 40 cents to close at $3.60.

Andersen sells two St. Croix properties

Bayport-based Andersen Corp. has sold two St. Croix Valley properties to local
private developers. The company's WindowCare Service Center site on Washington
Avenue in Stillwater has been sold to a local commercial development company,
although Andersen will lease the site back from the new owner for a minimum of
one year. And 8.9 acres at the intersection of 47th Street North and Stagecoach
Trail North in Baytown Township have been sold to a local residential developer.
Specific terms were not disclosed for either sale.

Wilsons names credit deal participants

Wilsons The Leather Experts, Brooklyn Park, has entered into an agreement to
amend its revolving credit facility with GE Capital, CIT, Wells Fargo and
LaSalle. The agreement has also been amended to approve Wilsons' previously
announced private placement of 18 million shares of newly issued common stock to
Peninsula Investment Partners L.P. and Quaker Capital Partners I and II at a
purchase price of $1.95 per share. The transaction, when completed, will provide
Wilsons with $35 million in new equity before expenses.

NAMES

Esperanza Guerrero-Anderson, president and CEO of Minneapolis-based Milestone
Growth Fund, has agreed to serve on the Federal Reserve Bank of Minneapolis
Advisory Council on Small Business and Labor. ... Marsden Bldg. Maintenance,
LLC, St. Paul, has promoted Greg Theroux to president.

BRIEFLY

ATS Medical, Plymouth, has agreed to terms with Swedish research firm ErySave AB
for exclusive development, licensing and marketing of ErySave's newly patented
technology for cardiac surgery procedures. The terms of the transaction involve
a cash payment of up to $1.3 million to ErySave. ... Nova Information Systems,
the payment-processing unit of Minneapolis-based U.S. Bancorp, has agreed to
purchase the merchant card portfolio of Union Bank of California. Terms were not
disclosed. ... The U.S. Court of Appeals has overturned a lower court's decision
that Belgium-based ICOS Vision Systems NV did not infringe upon the patents of
Scanner Technologies, a Plymouth-based company that makes vision inspection
products for the semiconductor industry. ... New Hope-based Navarre has signed
an exclusive distribution agreement for North America with New York-based Globe
Star Recordings. ... Deluxe Financial Services, Shoreview, will provide
check-printing services for Astoria Federal Savings, the nation's sixth-largest
thrift, which is based in Lake Success, N.Y. ... Minneapolis-based U.S. Bank and
the Gymboree Corp. have partnered to create the Gymboree Visa Platinum Card, the
first co-branded credit card offered by a children's apparel retailer. ...
Ceridian, a Bloomington-based human resource solutions company, announced the
creation of Ceridian University, a training and development program for its
employees and customers.

LOAD-DATE: August 24, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                     Copyright 2004 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             685 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 10, 2017 Friday

Washington: Election Integrity Project Director Robert Popper Short Soundbites
on Voter Fraud

LENGTH: 728  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Judicial Watch has issued the following news release:



 Judicial Watch will host a special educational panel on Thursday, February 16,
2017, from 12 noon to 1 pm ET to discuss "The Voter Fraud Crisis." The panel
will be shot live in studio with a nationwide feed. Expert panelists will
address the voter fraud and election integrity debate.





 A key member of the panel is Robert Popper, the director of Judicial Watch's
Election Integrity Project. A former Deputy Chief of the Voting Section of the
Department of Justice, he led complex litigations involving the Voting Rights
Act, the National Voter Registration Act, and the Help America Vote Act. And he
obtained favorable results in major lawsuits in Alabama, Arizona, Indiana,
Maine, New Jersey, New York, Pennsylvania, and California.



 For additional background on this critical and controversial subject check out
this timely Wall Street Journal op-ed "Political Fraud About Voter Fraud," by
Robert Popper.



 Cut One:



 Take-Away: "Voter fraud is a problem; it's a problem in about ten different
ways in this country. There's the issue of Election Day fraud, there's the issue
of registration fraud, there's the issue of non-citizen and other non-eligible
voters voting. All of these things are problems. The American people know this.
In poll after poll for at least a decade, there's been reflected a complete lack
of faith in America's electoral procedures."
 Cut Two:



 Take-Away: "There are polls indicating that most Americans think that fraud is
a problem in our elections. There are polls indicating that most Americans think
that election integrity in the United States is below par. There was a poll a
couple years ago that surveyed countries around the world, and the voters in
those countries about what they thought about their countries electoral
integrity. In Europe the scores typically ranged in the 60, 70, 80, range, they
had faith or that much faith in the integrity of elections. ... In the United
States, 47% of Americans had faith in the electoral process."
 Cut Three:



 Take-Away: "The Department of Justice was not devoted to the cause of election
integrity, and it was not devoted to the cause of maintaining the voter rolls in
a pristine condition. I know this because I worked there, and when I worked
there, we were instructed at a public meeting setting forth the goals for the
voting section, we were told that the front office was in there words 'not
interested' or that they 'didn't care' about federal provisions of federal law
that required states to clean up their voting rolls."
 Cut Four



 Take-Away: "Since 2008, since Obama came into office and during the course of
his administration, and to my knowledge, there have been no lawsuits coming out
of the Justice Department whose purpose was to enforce the federal law requiring
voter list maintenance and election integrity regarding voter rolls. I believe I
did the last one in the Justice Department, and that would be sometime in 2007."

 Cut Five



 Take-Away: "To the extent that Donald Trump made any particular claim we can't
verify it and we can't disprove it. What we do know is that there is a lot of
suggestive evidence that noncitizens are regularly voting in American elections.
There is evidence that's anecdotal from ICE officials, Immigration officials, we
know that people say that when non-lawfully present aliens are detained they
routinely have voter registration information and cards."
 Cut Six



 Take-Away: "Jesse Richmond's estimates are that 800,000 noncitizens votes were
cast the last election in 2016. If he's wrong by a factor of 10 --if it's
80,000--that's huge. Five states were decided in 2016 by a total aggregate vote
total--combined total--of less than 80,000 votes. 80,000 votes is an enormous
change and an enormous risk to electoral process."
 Cut Seven



 Take-Away: "The simple fact is that the number of people who can't get an ID,
or who can't get an accommodation, or for some reason are unable to thread their
way through the process is zero. These people never sue. They sue to the extent
there are lawsuits, they bring in people who say they might be affected by it
because it is so hard to find someone who's actually affected by the requirement
that you get an ID."





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             686 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 22, 2016 Monday

Attorney General Sam Olens Announces Settlement with MoneyGram

LENGTH: 420 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Atlanta: Attorney General of Georgia has issued the following news release:



   Attorney General Sam Olens today announced a settlement with Dallas-based
MoneyGram Payment Systems, Inc. resolving a multistate investigation which
focused on complaints of consumers who used MoneyGram's wire transfer service to
send money to third parties involved in schemes to defraud consumers.  In
addition to Georgia, 48 states and the District of Columbia participated in this
settlement.





 "Con artists use a wide variety of schemes to persuade consumers to wire them
money," said Olens. "Consumers who receive solicitations from strangers
promising big winnings should toss those letters in the trash, delete the e-mail
or hang up the phone."



 The settlement has two main components. First, MoneyGram has agreed to maintain
and continue to improve a comprehensive and robust anti-fraud program designed
to help detect and prevent consumers from suffering financial losses as a result
of these types of fraud-induced wire transfers.  The program must be documented
in writing and at a minimum, must include the following elements:



 mandatory and documented compliance training for agents and guidelines
regarding when an agent's conduct warrants suspension or termination;

 suspension or termination of agents who fail to take commercially reasonable
steps to reduce fraud induced money transfers;

 a hotline system - telephonic and electronic - where employees and agents can
report noncompliance with anti-fraud measures;

 sound mechanisms to evaluate actual fraud rates and consumer losses from fraud
induced money transfers in order to utilize that information to improve
compliance; and

 continued enhancement of technology solutions, including its Anti-Fraud Alert
System (AFAS).



 Second, MoneyGram has agreed to pay a total of $13 million dollars to the
states to fund a nationwide consumer restitution program and for the states'
costs and fees.  The settlement provides for an independent third-party
settlement administrator who will review MoneyGram records and send notices
regarding restitution to all consumers who are eligible to receive restitution
under this settlement.  Generally, consumers who are eligible for restitution
previously filed complaints with MoneyGram between July 1, 2008 and August 31,
2009 regarding fraud induced transfers sent from the U.S. to foreign countries
other than Canada.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             687 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 22, 2016 Monday

Attorney General Sam Olens Announces Settlement with MoneyGram

LENGTH: 420 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Atlanta: Attorney General of Georgia has issued the following news release:



   Attorney General Sam Olens today announced a settlement with Dallas-based
MoneyGram Payment Systems, Inc. resolving a multistate investigation which
focused on complaints of consumers who used MoneyGram's wire transfer service to
send money to third parties involved in schemes to defraud consumers.  In
addition to Georgia, 48 states and the District of Columbia participated in this
settlement.





 "Con artists use a wide variety of schemes to persuade consumers to wire them
money," said Olens. "Consumers who receive solicitations from strangers
promising big winnings should toss those letters in the trash, delete the e-mail
or hang up the phone."



 The settlement has two main components. First, MoneyGram has agreed to maintain
and continue to improve a comprehensive and robust anti-fraud program designed
to help detect and prevent consumers from suffering financial losses as a result
of these types of fraud-induced wire transfers.  The program must be documented
in writing and at a minimum, must include the following elements:



 mandatory and documented compliance training for agents and guidelines
regarding when an agent's conduct warrants suspension or termination;

 suspension or termination of agents who fail to take commercially reasonable
steps to reduce fraud induced money transfers;

 a hotline system - telephonic and electronic - where employees and agents can
report noncompliance with anti-fraud measures;

 sound mechanisms to evaluate actual fraud rates and consumer losses from fraud
induced money transfers in order to utilize that information to improve
compliance; and

 continued enhancement of technology solutions, including its Anti-Fraud Alert
System (AFAS).



 Second, MoneyGram has agreed to pay a total of $13 million dollars to the
states to fund a nationwide consumer restitution program and for the states'
costs and fees.  The settlement provides for an independent third-party
settlement administrator who will review MoneyGram records and send notices
regarding restitution to all consumers who are eligible to receive restitution
under this settlement.  Generally, consumers who are eligible for restitution
previously filed complaints with MoneyGram between July 1, 2008 and August 31,
2009 regarding fraud induced transfers sent from the U.S. to foreign countries
other than Canada.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             688 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                American Banker

                           September 30, 2013 Monday

Mortgage Applicants Lying More Often About Income: Report

BYLINE: Sarah Todd

SECTION: CONSUMER FINANCE Vol. 178 No. 150

LENGTH: 298  words


Lenders should be on the lookout for an increase in mortgage applicants who lie
about their incomes, according a new quarterly report from CoreLogic.

The risk of income application fraud rose 13% year over year in the second
quarter, according to CoreLogic's predictive scoring of fraud incidence in an
estimated 2.4 million mortgage applications. However, the risk of applications
that intentionally misrepresent property values fell 20.8% year over year.

These shifts suggest that mortgage fraud is evolving in step with the real
estate market, according to Mark Fleming, CoreLogic's chief economist.

"As the housing market and economy have healed over the last 18 months, a
transition away from property-related, and to identity-related, application
fraud has occurred," Fleming said in the report. "Rising prices and a healing
housing market make property-related mortgage application fraud less likely."

Overall, the probability of mortgage fraud has declined significantly in the
past year. CoreLogic's mortgage application fraud risk index fell for the fifth
consecutive quarter, dropping 5.6% year over year.

Likelihood of fraud rose in some states. Ohio saw a 30.1% boom in risk of
mortgage-application fraud in the past year. Risk increased 19.6% in Hawaii and
16.6% in Kentucky.

Steep declines occurred elsewhere. Fraud risk fell 29% in the District of
Columbia, 23.1% in Nevada and 22.3% in Idaho.

The CoreLogic Mortgage Fraud Report uses the latest reported data from the Home
Mortgage Disclosure Act and CoreLogic's proprietary loan-servicing data to
estimate the number of mortgage applications per origination by quarter and
geography. Its fraud risk index is based on residential mortgage loan
applications processed by CoreLogic LoanSafe Fraud Manager, a predictive scoring
service.

URL: http://www.americanbanker.com

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AMERICANBANKER_AB


                        Copyright 2013 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             689 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                May 14, 1987, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

Congressman Denies Guilt

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section D; Page 2, Column 4; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 149 words

DATELINE: KNOXVILLE, Tenn., May 13


Representative Harold E. Ford, a Tennessee Democrat, pleaded not guilty today to
charges of bank and mail fraud.

Mr. Ford said that a Nov. 9 trial date set by United States Magistrate Robert
Murrian ''might work out well with the schedule of Congress,'' where Mr. Ford
represents Tennessee's Ninth District as the state's first black Representative.

The 41-year-old Congressman; a former Knoxville banker, C.H. Butcher Jr., and
three others were named on April 24 in a 19-count indictment charging a
conspiracy to commit bank fraud and mail fraud and to defraud the Internal
Revenue Service. The indictment charges Mr. Ford with trading his political
influence for loans from banks controlled by Mr. Butcher and his brother, Jake
Butcher, both of whom have been convicted of bank fraud and other charges.

About 100 people, many of whom were supporters of Mr. Ford, attended the
hearing.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1987 The New York Times Company


                             690 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

             September 3, 1986, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

Butcher Facing New Charges

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section D; Page 10, Column 6; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 175 words

DATELINE: KNOXVILLE, Tenn., Sept. 2


C. H. Butcher Jr. and James E. Steiner, acquitted Saturday of 25 counts of mail,
wire and securities fraud, were indicted today on charges of conspiracy to
commit income tax fraud.

The 41-count indictment was based on two real estate transactions that provided
a tax shelter for Mr. Butcher, Mr. Steiner, and others, including Johnny Majors,
the football coach at the University of Tennessee.

Mr. Butcher is the younger brother of Jake Butcher, a two-time Democratic
gubernatorial candidate, who is serving a 20-year prison term for bank fraud in
the operation of his failed United American Bank-Knoxville. In today's
indictment, Mr. Butcher was named in 14 counts in connection with a partnership
to acquire, own and manage property in Nashville. The indictment said that he
engineered the sale of the property through his own financial institutions and
caused his partners to make false and fraudulent tax returns in 1980 and 1981.
Those partners included Mr. Majors and Louis S. Moran, Arnold Tackett and David
Crabtree, the indictment said.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company


                             691 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                     The DeFuniak Springs Herald (Florida)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                January 2, 2014

California woman pleads guilty to mortgage fraud scheme for Santa Rosa and
Walton County

BYLINE: The DeFuniak Springs Herald staff

LENGTH: 448  words


United States Attorney Pamela C. Marsh announced Dec. 19 that Andrea Lorraine
Avery, 47, of Los Angeles, Calif., pleaded guilty this afternoon on federal
charges concerning a mortgage fraud and money laundering scheme. Avery is
scheduled to be sentenced on March 20, 2014, before Senior United States
District Judge Roger Vinson.

According to the indictment and the facts admitted by Avery during her guilty
plea, beginning in 2005 and continuing through 2008, Avery and others entered
into contracts to purchase residences located in Florida, Georgia, Louisiana,
Texas, and California. Thereafter, loan applications were submitted to financial
institutions to fund the purchases. In the loan applications, Avery and other
borrowers made false statements to the lenders, which included: providing false
names, and social security numbers; overstating the borrower's income and
assets; and falsely stating the earnest money deposit was not borrowed. In
support of the loans, Avery and other borrowers submitted fraudulent supporting
documents to the lenders, which included: false pay-stubs, false W-2s, false
verifications of employment, and false documentation concerning the borrower's
credit. There-after, Avery and others transferred money, required from the
borrower to close on the purchase of the property, to the title agent handling
the closing. As a result of Avery's fraud, lenders loaned over $5,646,250 for
just the five homes located in Santa Rosa and Walton counties. As a part of the
scheme, Avery and others received kickbacks from the fraudulent loans' proceeds.

Avery's Indictment was the seventh indictment obtained as a part of the
investigation into this multi- state mortgage fraud and money laundering scheme.
Some of the others indicted and sentenced before Avery included: Lonnet Rochell
Williams, who received 120 months in prison; Bryan Pool, who received 57 months
in prison; Steven Imes, who received 78 months in prison; Annita Hawes, who
received 23 months in prison; Raysean Richardson, who received 18 months in
prison; and Dorothy Rodriguez who received 18 months in prison.

For Counts One through Six of the Indictment, which charged conspiracy to commit
fraud and mail fraud affecting a financial institution, Avery faces up to 30
years in prison on each count, and for Count Seven of the Indictment, which
charges conspiracy to commit money laundering, Avery faces an additional 20
years in prison.

The charges are the result of an investigation by the Florida Department of Law
Enforcement, the Internal Revenue Service -Criminal Investigation, and the
Federal Bureau of Investigation.

This case was prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorney Tiffany H. Eggers.

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Crime

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DEF

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                   Copyright 2014 The DeFuniak Springs Herald


                             692 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Monterey County Herald (California)

                           September 8, 2011 Thursday

The Nation: 91 charged in Medicare fraud bust

BYLINE: The Monterey County Herald

SECTION: NATIONAL

LENGTH: 443 words


WASHINGTON
91 charged in Medicare fraud bust

A nationwide law enforcement crackdown has charged 91 people   including doctors
and other medical professionals   with participating in Medicare fraud schemes
involving $295 million in false billing.

Attorney General Eric Holder and Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen
Sebelius said Wednesday that 70 people were charged in indictments unsealed
Tuesday and Wednesday and 21 others were charged earlier, beginning Aug. 24.
Charges were filed in Baton Rouge, La.; Brooklyn, N.Y.; Chicago, Dallas,
Detroit, Houston; Los Angeles and Miami.

At a news conference, the attorney general said that those arrested are
"jeopardizing the integrity of our health care system." Sebelius called the law
enforcement initiative "a powerful warning to those who would try to defraud
taxpayers and Medicare beneficiaries."

SPOKANE, WASH.
Guilty plea to MLK Day parade bomb

A man with extensive ties to white supremacists pleaded guilty Wednesday to
charges he planted a bomb along a Martin Luther King Jr. Day parade route in
Spokane, Wash., targeting minorities.

Kevin Harpham, 37, reached a deal with federal prosecutors for a recommended
sentencing range of 27 to 32 years in prison just days before his trial was to
begin in U.S. District Court.

The pipe bomb was loaded with lead fishing weights coated in a chemical, and
could have caused mass casualties, prosecutors said.

LINN, MO.
College begins widespread drug tests

A two-year college in Missouri has launched a program to drug-test new students
raising the hackles of civil libertarians who see an illegal invasion of
privacy.

The tests started Wednesday at Linn State Technical College.

Courts have upheld more limited drug testing of high schools students, as well
as NCAA athletes and students at private colleges.

School leaders say the move is necessary to ensure student safety at a campus
where coursework includes aircraft maintenance, heavy engine repair and other
dangerous tasks. They say it also prepares students for the workplace.

PRESCOTT, ARIZ.
Police: Worker stole to pay for sex change

Police in Arizona say two Walmart employees burglarized the store where they
worked to pay for a car and a sex change operation.

Prescott told The Daily Courier (http://bit.ly/q5LiPX) that detectives
determined that a key was used to enter a locked cash office where $45,000 was
taken last week.

Police arrested 23-year-old Spencer Danger Cullen and 19-year-old Adriano Valdes
Altiveros III on Friday.

Altiveros reportedly told detectives he stole cash to buy a car. He says Cullen
told police she stole the money to go forward with a sex change operation.

Herald wire services

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 The Monterey County Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             693 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 Ottawa Citizen

                     November 15, 2002 Friday Final Edition

Ex-Adelphia executive admits role in $60B fraud: Guilty plea comes with deal to
testify against Rigas family members

SOURCE: The Associated Press

BYLINE: Devlin Barrett

SECTION: Business; Pg. B2

LENGTH: 332 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK

NEW YORK -- Former Adelphia executive James Brown pleaded guilty yesterday to
securities fraud, conspiracy to commit securities fraud and bank fraud in a deal
to testify against Rigas family members accused of plundering the now-bankrupt
cable-television company.

The former vice-president of finance at Adelphia Communications Corp. is the
first person to plead guilty in a scandal authorities say cost investors more
than $60 billion U.S. He had faced as much as 30 years in prison for the most
serious charge, bank fraud but hopes to get a far more lenient sentence by
co-operating with investigators.

In U.S. District Court in Manhattan, it was disclosed that Mr. Brown had signed
the plea agreement with prosecutors.

Adelphia founder John Rigas, 78, his sons Michael, 48, and Timothy, 46, and a
fifth executive, Michael Mulcahey, are also charged in the case, and have all
pleaded innocent.

Mr. Brown, 40, is said to have had a close personal and professional
relationship with Tim Rigas, and worked on much of the financial reporting now
at issue in the criminal case. He was responsible for preparing Adelphia's
financial statements and providing information to investors and analysts.

A 102-page indictment charges the five executives looted corporate accounts,
built a golf course with company money and used corporate jets for personal
business, while saddling the company with massive debts and lying to investors.

Prosecutors are seeking forfeiture from the five men of more than $2.5 billion.

Former U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission lawyer Seth Taube, now in private
practice, said Mr. Brown would make an ideal witness against the Rigas family.

"Brown is in the best position to testify against the family," Mr. Taube said.
"It's very rare that a family member will turn on another family member, so the
government is apparently picking the highest guy they can find other than a
relative to testify against the Rigas family to make their case."

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Ralph Wilson, The Williamsport (Pennsylvania) Sun-Gazette; James
R. Brown, 40, former vice-president of finance of Adelphia Communications Corp.,
is the first person to plead guilty in a fraud that is believed to have cost
investors more than $60 billion U.S. He is trying to avoid a 30-year prison
sentence by testifying against the company's founder.

TYPE: Business; Crime

               Copyright 2002 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             694 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                October 10, 1988

2 Enter Pleas in Alleged SISCorp. Fraud Case

SECTION: Pg. 33

LENGTH: 725 words

DATELINE: OKLAHOMA CITY, Okla.


A local lawyer and a Federal prison inmate from Louisiana have pled not guilty
here to a mail fraud and bribery indictment concerning their involvement with a
bankrupt thrift loan broker, Savings Investment Service Corp.

U.S. Magistrate Robin J. Cauthron set a Nov. 7 trial for the two, John C.
Hudson, 39, the lawyer, and David I. Namer, 41.  Then two entered their pleas
during separate arraignments before Judge Cauthron.

The indictment, returned by an Oklahoma City Federal grand jury, named Mr.
Hudson in one count of conspiracy to commit mail and wire fraud, and three
counts of mail fraud.

Mr. Namer, a businessman from New Orleans, was named in the conspiracy and mail
fraud counts plus in six counts of bribery.

Maximum punishment for bribery is five years in prison and a fine of $ 5,000 or
three times the value of the bribe.  Assistant U.S. Attorney Nancy S. Jones told
the magistrate the latter fine would be $ 2.4 million.

Ms. Jones told Judge Cauthron that prosecutors would ask for an additional
mandatory two to 10 years' imprisonment for Mr. Namer because the acts allege
occurred while he was on release from a Louisiana court for his conviction
there.

Judge Cauthron told Mr. Hudson he could remain free on previously established
conditions.

Mr. Namer recently began serving an 18-month sentence in the Federal prison in
Fort Worth, Texas for a 1980 conviction in Louisiana for conspiracy to commit
fraud, wire fraud, transportation of stolen property and aiding and abetting in
the commission of a crime.

Mr. Namer, who told the magistrate he now has no money, was represented at his
arraignment by the Federal public defender.

In the Oklahoma City case, Mr. Namer is accused of bribing Bruce C. Wright, 42,
of Oklahoma City, who pleaded guilty on May 31 to one count of conspiracy to
commit mail and wire fraud for his Savings Investment (SISCorp) involvement.

Mr. Wright, an unindicted co-conspirator in the case and formerly SISCorp's
chief executive, has agreed to cooperate with prosecutors, Ms. Jones said.  Ms.
Jones said Mr. Wright will not be sentenced until after the case against Mr.
Hudson and Mr. Namer is adjudicated.

She said the U.S. attorney will recommend a sentence for Mr. Wright based on the
degree to which he cooperates.

SISCorp, formerly based in the north Oklahoma City suburb of Edmond, generated
an estimated $ 400 million of commercial real estate loans for the Oklahoma
savings and loans that owned the loan broker and for other thrifts.

Regulators said losses on those lendings contributed to the insolvency of six
insured Oklahoma savings and loans that have been closed during the last 24
months.

The case said the two and Mr. Wright conspired to defraud loan applicants by
collecting fees for standby real estate financing whose availability they
misrepresented.  The indictment said Mr. Hudson provided legal options
disguising the misrepresentation.

The case said Mr. Namer paid Mr. Wright more than $ 2 million in wire-transfer
kickbacks in the fradulent scheme from May 1983 to May 1985.

Mr. Namer, through Financial Management Services in Metairie, La., was a broker
of loan applications to financial institutions, one of which was SISCorp.

The case said the men falsely told applicants that the Oklahoma savings and
loans that owned SISCorp were legally bound to fund the firm's standby
commitments.

Similar allegations are contained in the morass of SISCorp civil lawsuits from
across the country that have been consolidated in the Federal court here.

Mr. Wright and Mr. Hudson have declined to discuss their work at SISCorp.  In an
interview in the spring of 1986, Mr. Namer declined to discuss the civil
lawsuits except to say settlements were being negotiated with some of the
plaintiffs.

The Louisiana case against Mr. Namer also charged that he and others defrauded
loan applicants during the late 1970s by taking fees for financing commitments
that either were not made or were worthless.

Mr. Wright waived indictment by a grand jury and pleaded guilty after seeing the
case the government was going to present to the investigative panel.  He could
be sentenced to as many as five years in prison, fined $ 260,000 and ordered to
make restitution.

Mr. Wright and Mr. Hudson also were joint investors in five small Oklahoma banks
that failed in 1987.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1988 National Thrift News, Inc.


                             695 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                March 17, 1987, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition

EX-UNIVERSITY CHIEF AND WIFE HELD IN FRAUD CASE

BYLINE: By JUDITH CUMMINGS, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section A; Page 22, Column 4; National Desk

LENGTH: 722 words

DATELINE: LOS ANGELES, March 16


Dr. Robert A. Huttenback, who resigned last July as Chancellor of the University
of California at Santa Barbara while under investigation for misuse of the
university's funds, was arrested today with his wife, Freda, on charges of
embezzlement, insurance fraud and tax fraud.

The allegations included that Dr. Huttenback had illegally authorized payments
of more than $100,000 from university funds for improvements made to his
off-campus residence, and that the couple improperly received an $8,000
reimbursement from an insurance company for household silverware they reported
stolen.

The Huttenbacks surrendered this morning at the Sheriff's Department of Santa
Barbara County. They were booked on the charges, all of which are felonies in
California, and were released on their own recognizance.

University Investigated Charges

The arrests came after nearly a year of inquiry into the Huttenback's financial
affairs, including an audit by the university that concluded Dr. Huttenback had
authorized $174,087 in improper expenditures for the home improvements. Dr.
Huttenback was ordered to return the money and begin repayment.

The Huttenbacks, through an attorney, George Eskin, have denied the charges. The
couple asserted that the money was properly spent on home improvements because
they frequently used the residence for university affairs despite its location
off campus. The bulk of the expenditure was for a $104,000 kitchen renovation,
according to an affidavit filed in the case.

The District Attorney, Thomas W. Sneddon Jr., said the tax-fraud charge stemmed
from failure to report the expenditures on the residence on state income-tax
returns.

The charge of insurance fraud grew out of a burglary report by the Huttenbacks
in June 1983, when they reported that $12,000 in antique silverware had been
stolen from their home. They were paid $8,000 by the insurance company after
they asked for a speedy reimbursement, in time for a European trip on which they
said they planned to buy replacement silver.

Claim Filed Before Vacation

Detective Owen Thomas of Santa Barbara County said in an affidavit that the
Huttenbacks later reported most of the silverware had been found under a sofa in
their home, but that they did not notify the insurance company until after the
campus police informed them an investigation was under way.

A Santa Barbara County grand jury began looking into the university's
allegations last fall, followed by a joint investigation by the offices of the
District Attorney and Sheriff John Carpenter. A search warrant was executed at
the house of the 59-year-old administrator and his 55-year-old wife late last
month.

The Santa Barbara campus is part of the elite University of California system
that includes the campuses at Berkeley and Los Angeles, but it has long suffered
from an image as a ''party school.'' Dr. Huttenback as its Chancellor since 1978
set about to change that, but he gained a reputation as being headstrong and
brash.

Faculty members accused him of blocking their rightful participation in key
decision-making. The tension culminated in a letter that eight top faculty
members sent last April to the president of the university system, David
Gardner, saying Dr. Huttenback should resign.

He also was at odds with students, who accused him of appointing his own student
council and bypassing the elected leadership.

Search for a Replacement

The search for a replacement continues. Among the contenders was a professor at
State University of New York at Stony Brook, L.I., Dr. Homer A. Neal, a member
of the physics faculty who was SUNY's provost, or chief academic officer, from
1981 until last year. But Dr. Neal said through a university spokesman that he
''had talks'' with Santa Barbara officials but ''doesn't intend to accept the
job.'' A spokesman for the Assistant Chancellor at Santa Barbara, Roger Horton,
said a successor would be named by the end of the month.

Some campus observers say the announcement of a replacement could come as soon
as this Friday when the Board of Regents of the University of California meets.

The Huttenbacks are to reappear in court on March 26. Detective Thomas said
formal charges might be revised on the criminal complaint and that with the
addition of lesser charges may total nearly a dozen.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1987 The New York Times Company


                             696 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                            January 31, 1994, Monday

INSURANCE BRIEFS

BYLINE: Wire and Staff Reports

SECTION: INSURANCE, Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 700 words


NY INSURANCE DEPT.

ADDS INVESTIGATORS

The New York State Insurance Department turned to a former agent of the Federal
Bureau of Investigation to lead its revamped fraud unit. At the same time,
Superintendent of Insurance Salvatore R. Curiale announced he has increased the
number of the bureau's investigators from 23 to 43.

Mr. Curiale said last week that James T. Dolan, an FBI special agent since 1965,
became Director of the Frauds Bureau on Jan. 13.

He said the number of insurance fraud cases reported to the department has also
been on the increase. Mr. Curiale said that in 1992, the deparment investigated
572 cases of insurance fraud, resulting in 66 arrests.

At the FBI, Mr. Dolan supervised investigations of welfare, bank and mail fraud,
as well as money laundering and racketeering, Mr. Curiale said. In addition, he
supervised the Transport and Commercial Theft (TACT) team, a
multi-jurisdictional task force in southern California.  TEXAS JUDGE REJECTS

REGULATIONS CHALLENGE AUSTIN, Texas - A state judge has rejected challenges by
the insurance industry of two new consumer protections, according to officials.

State District Court Judge Jerry Dellana of Austin on Thursday found no merit in
attacks on stronger insurance regulations.

The rules that were challenged included prohibiting insurers from denying
coverage because another company had previously canceled or refused to renew
coverage, and preventing companies from requiring that an applicant insure a
certain number of vehicles on the same policy or purchase another type of
insurance before an auto policy would be approved.

"(Thursday's) ruling is a great victory for the insurance consumers of Texas,"
State Insurance Commissioner J. Robert Hunter said.  FIRST WOMAN SELECTED

FOR CPCU COMMITTEE MALVERN, Pa. - Marsha DeLong Egan was elected
secretary-treasurer of the Chartered Property Casualty Underwriters Society -
the first woman chosen for the position in the society's 50-year history.

Ms. Egan will be responsible for the society's financial and corporate matters.
She is a member of the executive committee, chairwoman of the audit committee, a
member of the budget and finance committee and a trustee of the CPCU-Harry J.
Loman Foundation.

Ms. Egan holds CPCU and CPIW designations. She is the director of underwriting
at CNA Insurance Co. in Reading, Pa.  RETIRED MET LIFE CHIEF

WINS ALGER AWARD ALEXANDRIA, Va. - Robert G. Schwartz, former chairman,
president and chief executive of Metropolitan Life Insurance Co., New York, will
be one of 10 individuals receiving the annual Horatio Alger Award at a ceremony
April 15 in Washington, D.C.

The award is given by the Horatio Alger Association, a nonprofit education
organization which provides college scholarship to senior high school students.
The association will award more than $ 500,000 in scholarships this year to 75
students, said the group's president and chief executive James R. Moffett.

Additional honorees include Dwayne O. Andreas, chairman, Archer Daniels Midland
Corp., Decatur, Ill.; Joe L. Allbritton, chairman, Riggs National Bank of
Washington, D.C.; Joseph Neubauer, chairman and chief executive, ARA Services,
Philadelphia; and Walter Anderson, editor, Parade Magazine, New York.  ITT
HARTFORD ESTABLISHES

NEW COMP CARE PLAN

HARTFORD, Conn. - ITT Hartford Insurance Group has established a managed- care
plan for workers compensation coverage in Connecticut. The plan is designed to
take advantage of a new law that is expected to reduced costs for this
insurance.

ITT Hartford contracted with HealthDirect Inc., a Farmington, Conn.,
preferred-provider organization, which provides network of 43 ambulatory/ urgent
care treatment centers along with hospitals and other treatment locations. More
than 700 Connecticut employers with 45,000 employees voluntarily participate in
ITT Hartford's managed-care program.

Under the law, Connecticut employers who sponsor such programs for workers
compensation are allowed to require injured employees to use providers
affiliated with their managed-care plan. Employees who use other providers put
their workers compensation benefits at risk.

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

EDITOR-NOTE: INSURANCE BRIEFS

                  Copyright 1994 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                             697 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Herald-Times (Bloomington, Indiana)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 25, 2014 Friday

IU: Tax fraud not result of security breach

BYLINE: Michael Reschke, Herald-Times, Bloomington, Ind.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 309 words


April 25--About 25 Indiana University employees may be victims of tax fraud, but
officials don't believe it's the result of a university security breach.

IU spokesman Mark Land said an email was sent out Thursday to all employees on
all campuses informing them of the reports and providing basic tips to avoid
identity theft.

Various IU offices were notified of faculty and staff who were unable to file
their 2013 tax returns electronically because someone else had already filed
using their names and Social Security numbers, Land said. After learning of the
reports, University Information Technology Services ran tests to make sure
databases weren't breached.

"We haven't found evidence it came from us," Land said.

IU has a lot of sensitive data, but there are layers upon layers of security to
keep that information safe, he said.

Despite being confident the information used to file the tax returns wasn't
leaked through university systems, IU sent an email to inform employees of the
situation.

Any employees who believe they are victims of tax fraud should file a report
with Indiana University police, according to the email. In addition, employees
can request fraud alerts on their credit bureau records. There are also identity
theft protection tips on the Indiana Attorney General's website.

Land said this type of tax fraud is becoming more common. Similar incidents have
occurred both outside and inside higher education, including Linn County,
Oregon; Miami, Florida; the University of Northern Iowa; Oakland University;
Arkansas State University and Purdue University, according to a post on the
Protect IU blog.

"It could happen to any of us," Land said. "We take the matter seriously."

___ (c)2014 the Herald-Times (Bloomington, Ind.) Visit the Herald-Times
(Bloomington, Ind.) at www.heraldtimesonline.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: April 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140425-BM-IU-Tax-fraud-not-result-of-security-breach-0425-20140425

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BM


                          Copyright 2014 Herald-Times


                             698 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               August 6, 1987, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

CLINIC OWNERS HELD IN MEDICAID FRAUD

BYLINE: By RONALD SULLIVAN

SECTION: Section B; Page 3, Column 4; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 722 words


The owners of a Brooklyn health clinic serving the poor were indicted yesterday
on charges of stealing $13.3 million in what Federal officials called the single
largest Medicaid fraud case ever prosecuted in the country.

The special state prosecutor for Medicaid fraud, Edward J. Kuriansky, said the
three defendants - a father and two sons - ''systematically looted'' the
Medicaid health program for the poor. With the money, he said, they lived in two
apartments in the Trump Tower on Fifth Avenue and in a luxurious home in Boca
Raton, Fla., and owned expensive automobiles that included a Rolls-Royce and a
Corvette.

State prosecutors said the charges recalled the scandals surrounding the
so-called Medicaid mills in the early 1970's, through which some physicians and
shady medical operators quickly became millionaires with assembly-line treatment
of thousands of poor patients whose bills were paid by the Federal-state
Medicaid program created in 1965.

''But this case makes those scandals look like small potatoes,'' Mr. Kuriansky
said. ''These defendants looted a program for the poor. They took the money and
turned it into a super-affluent life style.''

Judith Holtz, a spokeswoman for the Inspector General of the Federal Department
of Health and Human Services, said the case was the largest single Medicaid
fraud ever reported.

'Phantom Patient Visits'

Mr. Kuriansky said the defendants, Sheldon Weinberg, and his sons Jay and
Ronald, were indicted by a Brooklyn grand jury on charges that they
''orchestrated a massive conspiracy to falsely bill Medicaid for hundreds of
thousands of phantom patient visits.''

He said the defendants gave an employee 10 percent of the looted funds ''to do
nothing but fabricate and file fraudulent Medicaid invoices'' and ''later, by
actually programming the clinic's computer, to deceive state auditors and
generate phony claims and backup medical charts for as many as 12,000 fictitious
patient visits a month.''

In the last seven years, he said, the clinic took in $32 million in Medicaid
funds ''for supposedly treating the poor.''

Prosecutors said the case was broken when a New Jersey banker called Mr.
Kuriansky's office and reported receiving several Medicaid checks from the
Weinbergs that were improperly endorsed. The prosecutors said they could not
account for why the state's master Medicaid computer in Albany did not detect
the vast overpayments.

Records Destroyed in Fire

Another indictment charges Jay Weinberg and Ronald Scaglione, a Brooklyn
contractor, with setting fire to the clinic, the Doctors Medical Center at 1413
Fulton Street in the Bedford-Stuyvesant section, in 1983 to destroy medical and
financial records and to collect fire insurance.

Mr. Scaglione pleaded guilty earlier this year to charges of placing a
''phantom'' dentist in the Medicaid system and stealing $360,000 in Medicaid
funds.

Jay Weinberg also was indicted last December on charges that he failed to file
New York State personal income tax returns in 1984, 1985 and 1986 on more than
$190,000 paid him by the clinic's controlling company, the Bed-Stuy Health Care
Corporation, which is chiefly owned by Sheldon Weinberg.

The company also operates a second clinic at 333 Knickerbocker Avenue in the
Bushwick section. The two clinics provide medical and dental services.

To Be Arraigned Today

According to the prosecutor, Jay Weinberg, who is 34 years old and lives in the
Trump Tower at 725 Fifth Avenue, and his brother, Ronald Weinberg, 40, of 500
East 77th Street in Manhattan, and Ronald Scaglione, 44, of 2076 East 12th
Street in Brooklyn, were arrested yesterday and held overnight. They are to be
arraigned today in State Supreme Court in Brooklyn on felony charges that carry
prison terms of up to 25 years each upon conviction.

Sheldon Weinberg, 62, who also lives in the Trump Tower, was arrested at his
home in Boca Raton and extradited to New York last night.

An administrator at the clinic, Dawn Torres, 30, of 330 Lenox Road in Brooklyn,
was also arrested after being charged with perjury.

Mr. Kuriansky said he had obtained an order from a State Supreme Court justice,
Julius Vinik, freezing all the Weinberg assets.

Telephone calls to the clinic and the defendants' homes seeking comment went
unanswered or were not returned.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1987 The New York Times Company


                             699 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 27, 2016 Saturday

Naples Man Pleads Guilty To $2.2 Million Online Fraud Scheme

LENGTH: 333  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office for the United States Attorneys, Middle District of Florida
has issued the following news release:



  United States Attorney A. Lee Bentley, III announces that Jeffrey Ihm (49,
Naples) today pleaded guilty to 14 counts of wire fraud and 5 counts of
aggravated identity theft. Each wire fraud count carries a maximum penalty of 20
years in federal prison and each aggravated identity theft conviction is
punishable by a term of two years' imprisonment, consecutive to the sentence
imposed for the wire fraud convictions. The indictment also notifies Ihm that
the United States intends to forfeit $315,000 in fraud proceeds previously
seized from a Suncoast Credit Union checking account and a house located in
Naples, which are alleged to be traceable proceeds of the offense. The United
States is also seeking a money judgment in the amount of $2,234,681,
representing the proceeds Ihm is alleged to have received as a result of the
fraud scheme.





 According to court documents, between February 2013 and July 2014, Ihm assumed
the identities of and posed as executives of a number of companies, including
Roper Industries, Inc., Kinetic Technologies, LLC, CSX Corporation, and
Convergence Consulting Group, Inc. He then generated false and fraudulent emails
and other documents in the names of the companies' executives in order to
defraud financial institutions, causing them to transfer to him $2,234,681 to
which he was not entitled. Ihm used the monies to purchase real property and for
other personal enrichment.



 This case was investigated by the Fort Myers Office of the United States Secret
Service and the Jacksonville Office of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, with
assistance from the Economic Crimes Unit of the Collier County Sherriff's
Office. It is being prosecuted by Assistant United States Attorneys David G.
Lazarus and Dale R. Campion.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             700 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 27, 2016 Saturday

Naples Man Pleads Guilty To $2.2 Million Online Fraud Scheme

LENGTH: 333  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office for the United States Attorneys, Middle District of Florida
has issued the following news release:



  United States Attorney A. Lee Bentley, III announces that Jeffrey Ihm (49,
Naples) today pleaded guilty to 14 counts of wire fraud and 5 counts of
aggravated identity theft. Each wire fraud count carries a maximum penalty of 20
years in federal prison and each aggravated identity theft conviction is
punishable by a term of two years' imprisonment, consecutive to the sentence
imposed for the wire fraud convictions. The indictment also notifies Ihm that
the United States intends to forfeit $315,000 in fraud proceeds previously
seized from a Suncoast Credit Union checking account and a house located in
Naples, which are alleged to be traceable proceeds of the offense. The United
States is also seeking a money judgment in the amount of $2,234,681,
representing the proceeds Ihm is alleged to have received as a result of the
fraud scheme.





 According to court documents, between February 2013 and July 2014, Ihm assumed
the identities of and posed as executives of a number of companies, including
Roper Industries, Inc., Kinetic Technologies, LLC, CSX Corporation, and
Convergence Consulting Group, Inc. He then generated false and fraudulent emails
and other documents in the names of the companies' executives in order to
defraud financial institutions, causing them to transfer to him $2,234,681 to
which he was not entitled. Ihm used the monies to purchase real property and for
other personal enrichment.



 This case was investigated by the Fort Myers Office of the United States Secret
Service and the Jacksonville Office of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, with
assistance from the Economic Crimes Unit of the Collier County Sherriff's
Office. It is being prosecuted by Assistant United States Attorneys David G.
Lazarus and Dale R. Campion.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             701 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Washington Post

                      May 9, 2000, Tuesday, Final Edition

U.S. Launches Site To Curb Web Fraud

David A. Vise , Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. E01

LENGTH: 458 words



The Justice Department and the FBI yesterday launched a new online, one-stop
cybercop called the Internet Fraud Complaint Center, a World Wide Web site where
consumers can send e-mail if they are victims of fraud on the Internet or
suspect wrongdoing.

Attorney General Janet Reno said that while the first line of defense is for
consumers to bring healthy skepticism to e-mail messages and other information
they receive via the Internet, it is important for the federal government to
offer a single site for complaints. She said it would expedite federal, state
and local probes of wrongdoing.

"The Internet Fraud Complaint Center allows consumers who suspect Internet fraud
to share that information with law enforcement quickly and efficiently," Reno
said. "Our ability to work with private citizens and industry is extremely
important to our efforts to fight Internet crime, and the IFCC is a major step
forward in that fight."

The new government anti-fraud venture will be based in Morgantown, W.Va.
Officials said it has a secure Web site (www.ifccfbi.gov) where consumer
complaints will be referred to the appropriate federal, state or local agency.
The operation has millions of dollars of federal support and is likely to grow,
officials added.

Ruben Garcia, head of the FBI's criminal division, said the new center is
crucial because traditional investigative methods don't work in the "virtual
world." He said fraud on the Internet, which has been estimated at hundreds of
millions of dollars annually, is "broad and disjointed" and needs to be tracked
through a central clearinghouse of information. He also said the fastest-growing
group of new computer users are people over age 50, whom he described as
vulnerable to financial fraud schemes on the Web.

"The Internet is used to commit the same types of fraud the FBI has
traditionally investigated--telemarketing, money laundering, securities fraud
--but traditional investigative methods are ineffective in this new
environment," Garcia said.

Susan Baer, president of Washington-based Advanced Computer Learning &
Consulting, said the new center marked a milestone in the government's anti-
fraud efforts. "I think it is a really positive step to put the ability into the
hands of the computer users to report these incidents," Baer said.

Glenn B. Gainer III, chairman of the National White Collar Crime Center, said
the Web's popular Motley Fool site for investors has assisted the effort by
testing the new site's capacity to handle volume. Motley Fool officials said
they will put a hyperlink to the new clearinghouse on their Web site.

Said Jay Perlman, associate general counsel of Alexandria-based Motley Fool,
"This is an online cop on the beat."

LOAD-DATE: May 09, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2000 The Washington Post


                             702 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Pioneer Press (St. Paul, Minnesota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             January 7, 2013 Monday

BRIEF: Eau Claire man convicted of fraud in small claims scheme

BYLINE: Andy Rathbun, Pioneer Press, St. Paul, Minn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 202 words


Jan. 07--An Eau Claire man has been convicted in a mail fraud scheme that
involved lying about individuals' addresses in order to win small claims
judgments.

Bernard C. Seidling, 61, was convicted Dec. 26 of 50 counts of mail fraud after
he and prosecutors agreed to resolve the charges without a trial, according to
the U.S. Department of Justice.

From 2003 to 2009, Seidling filed small claims lawsuits against individuals and
corporations, but listed the wrong addresses for the defendants knowing that
attempts to serve papers would be unsuccessful, the DOJ said.

Seidling hid the filings from the defendants and then won default judgments. He
typically sought $5,000 from the defendants, some of whom lived or owned
property in western Wisconsin.

Seidling was not successful, however, in getting any money from the victims,
said DOJ spokeswoman Myra Longfield.

Sentencing is set for March 21 and Seidling faces a maximum penalty of 20 years
in prison for each of the 50 charges.

Andy Rathbun can be reached at 651-228-2121. Follow him at
twitter.com/andyrathbun.

___ (c)2013 the Pioneer Press (St. Paul, Minn.) Visit the Pioneer Press (St.
Paul, Minn.) at www.twincities.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130107-SP-BRF-Eau-Claire-man-convicted-of-fraud
-in-small-claims-scheme-0107-20130107

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SP


                          Copyright 2013 Pioneer Press


                             703 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                    December 7, 2000, Thursday, Home Edition

NATION IN BRIEF

BYLINE: From our news services

SOURCE: CONSTITUTION

SECTION: News; Pg. 10A

LENGTH: 653 words

Ex-governor wins a round in corruption case
A federal judge set aside three mail fraud convictions Wednesday in former
Louisiana Gov. Edwin Edwards' gambling corruption trial because of a U.S.
Supreme Court ruling in another case. U.S. District Judge Frank Polozola threw
out the mail fraud convictions --- two against Edwards and his son Stephen and a
third against co-defendant Bobby Johnson.

The Edwardses and three others were convicted in May of racketeering, extortion,
fraud and conspiracy involving allegations that they rigged riverboat casino
licenses. The Edwardses were convicted of five counts of mail fraud. Johnson was
convicted of one count of mail fraud.

In November, the U.S. Supreme Court ruled in a separate Louisiana gambling
corruption case, involving a New Orleans lawyer, that federal mail fraud laws do
not apply to state licenses that have not yet been awarded.

Court in West upholds affirmative action
A federal appeals court in Washington state has ruled colleges do not violate
the Constitution if they carefully consider race in admissions decisions --- a
ruling that conflicts with another appellate court decision that struck down
affirmative action in three Southern states, including Georgia. The ruling by
the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in a case involving the University of
Washington Law School is one of four challenges to affirmative action in college
admissions possibly headed to the U.S. Supreme Court.

Astronauts to rework space station wing
After 2 1/2 days of exhaustive work, NASA came up with a plan Wednesday for
space shuttle Endeavour's astronauts to tighten a slack solar wing on the
International Space Station. Joe Tanner and Carlos Noriega will attempt the
tricky repair today during a spacewalk, their third outing of the mission.

Ruling may release man held on secret evidence
An immigration judge in Bradenton, Fla., ruled Wednesday that Mazen Najjar, a
Palestinian jailed on classified evidence since 1997 without being charged, may
be released on bail. However, the Board of Immigration Appeals in Washington
late Wednesday granted government attorneys a 24-hour stay in the case. The
board is scheduled to make a decision today. Najjar, 43, is the former executive
director of an Islamic academic group that was affiliated with the University of
South Florida in the early 1990s. Government attorneys say Najjar is a threat to
national security but contend the evidence supporting that claim is classified
information.

Trial begins in Miami in Cuban spying case
Three Cuban intelligence officers and two U.S. citizens accused of spying for
Cuba went on trial Wednesday in Miami, with a prosecutor charging that they used
coded computer disks, high-frequency radio transmissions and electronic phone
messages to infiltrate U.S. military bases and Cuban exile groups. Defense
attorney William Norris said the five obtained only public information.


Texas executes 2nd inmate this week
Daniel Joe Hittle, 50, convicted of killing a police officer during a Dallas
shooting spree 11 years ago, was executed by injection in Huntsville, Texas, on
Wednesday. Hittle was accused of killing five people, including a 4- year-old
girl, Nov. 15, 1989. He was tried only in the slaying of Gerald Walker, 48, a
17-year police veteran who had pulled Hittle over for speeding. The execution
was the second of three scheduled for this week in Texas and the state's 39th
this year, adding to the state's record total.

Duke Chapel to allow same-sex unions
Duke University will allow same-sex unions in its Gothic chapel. Duke President
Nan Keohane and the dean of the Duke Chapel announced that they agree with the
recommendation of a committee that studied the issue at the North Carolina
school. Duke oins schools such as Stanford, Harvard and Emory that in recent
years have allowed such unions in their chapels.

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 2000 The Atlanta Constitution


                             704 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  June 21, 1991, Friday, Late Edition - Final

High Court Limits Time To Sue for Stock Fraud

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section D; Page 2; Column 5; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 725 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, June 20


In a ruling that could bar the Federal court door to some investors who contend
that they have been victims of securities fraud, the Supreme Court said today
that time limits imposed by Federal law in bringing such cases took precedence
over more generous limitations authorized by the states.

The 5-to-4 decision is a victory for a New Jersey law firm that was sued in
Oregon by investors who said they had been defrauded.

The case began when the investors from 1979 to 1981 bought units in limited
partnerships for the buying and leasing of computer equipment and computer
software.

Each limited partnership was aimed at producing profits and tax benefits. The
deals were put together by a West Orange, N.J., law firm, Lampf, Pleva, Lipkind,
Prupis & Petigrow.

Although the partnerships were money-losers, the investors did not investigate
the reasons for the poor performance until 1986 when the Internal Revenue
Service began disallowing their tax benefits.

Investors Sue Law Firm

The investors then sued the law firm, charging it with violating the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, which protects against fraud.

Federal law requires plaintiffs to sue within three years of the time the
reported fraud is committed. But the law also requires that the suit be filed
within a year after the reported fraud is discovered by an investor.

Oregon law permits suits to be filed within two years of the time investors
discover the reported fraud.

The Court overturned a Federal appeals court ruling that said the Oregon time
limit applied.

Justice Harry A. Blackmun, writing for the Court, said the Federal law took
precedence in such cases. He was joined by Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist
and Justices Byron R. White, Thurgood Marshall and Antonin Scalia.

Dissenting were Justices John Paul Stevens, Sandra Day O'Connor, Anthony M.
Kennedy and David H. Souter.

The case is Lampf, Pleva vs. Gilbertson, 90-333.

Liquor Tax Dispute

The Court also revived a liquor company's bid to get back $2.4 million it paid
in Georgia taxes under a law later found to be unconstitutional.

The Court, by a 6-to-3 vote, said its 1984 decision striking down a similar
Hawaii tax law could be applied retroactively to Georgia's collection of taxes
from 1982 through 1984.

But the Court's voting was splintered, and the reasoning behind the decision
fragmented. It was not clear how broadly the decision would expose other states
to retroactive liability for invalidated tax laws.

The potential stakes are large. One example is the still-active controversy that
arose in the wake of a 1989 Supreme Court decision in a Michigan case that said
states could not tax Federal pensions while exempting the pensions of retired
state and local government workers.

A survey conducted by the Virginia attorney general's office of 23 states with
similar laws to Michigan's found that more than $2 billion had been collected
from such taxation.

In the case decided today, the James B. Beam Distilling Company sued in 1987 for
a refund of taxes paid to Georgia because the taxes were higher for out-of-state
companies.

Such taxes were invalidated in the Supreme Court's 1984 ruling on the similar
Hawaii system.

Back to Georgia Courts

The Georgia Supreme Court ruled that the state tax law was unconstitutional, but
said Beam was not entitled to any refund. Today, the Court sent the dispute back
to Georgia courts for further study.

"The applicability of rules of law are not to be switched on and off according
to individual hardship," Justice Souter wrote in an opinion that in one part or
another attracted the votes of five other justices.

But Justice Souter said Georgia could still argue that refunds should not be
made for "procedural" reasons.

The Georgia court was wrong in ruling that the High Court's 1984 decision should
not be given retroactive effect, he said. Only Justice Stevens joined Justice
Souter's opinion in its entirety. Justice White, in a separate opinion,
concurred in its result. Justices Blackmun, Marshall and Scalia also concurred.
But they voted to apply decisions retroactively in all cases. Chief Justice
Rehnquist and Justices O'Connor and Kennedy dissented.

In all, the decision yielded five opinions and no clear majority view.

The case is James B. Beam Distilling Co. vs. Georgia, 89-680.

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 1991

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1991 The New York Times Company


                             705 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                      January 20, 2003 Monday 1ST EDITION

3 in Colo. among 6 charged in tax fraud Federal government says it lost $ 43
million in scam

BYLINE: Lori Cumpston , Special to The Denver Post

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C-01

LENGTH: 391 words


Three Colorado residents were among six people arraigned last week  in U.S.
District Court in Seattle in connection with a  sophisticated tax fraud scheme
that bilked the federal government  out of more than $ 43 million in taxes.

Wheat Ridge accountant Lynden Bridges, whose office is at 6490 W.  44th Ave., on
Thursday pleaded not guilty to charges of conspiracy  and assisting in the
filing of false income tax returns.

Bridges was one of a handful of accountants for Anderson's Ark &  Associates, an
anti-tax organization with 2,000 members in the  United States and Canada. The
organization allegedly assisted its  members in filing false income tax returns
with bogus deductions  totaling $ 120 million from 1997 to 2001, according to
one scheme  outlined in the indictment.

A judge also ordered Bridges to turn over his client list so a  determination
can be made as to whether he can continue preparing  tax returns for legitimate
clients while awaiting trial.

Also accused in the scheme are James and Pamela Moran, who reside  at 13780
Larkspur Drive in Montrose. They pleaded not guilty to  charges of conspiracy,
assisting in the filing of false income tax  returns, mail fraud, wire fraud and
criminal forfeiture.

The couple acted as chief information and executive education  officers for the
Ark organization.

In December, the government filed a forfeiture action to seize the  Morans'
Montrose home and a 2000 Jeep Grand Cherokee, alleging that  the property and
vehicle were purchased with criminal proceeds.

The three Colorado defendants are free on bond pending a March 24  trial date.
They were among 10 people charged nationwide in an  87-count indictment last
month.

On Tuesday, Roosevelt Drummer of Sacramento, Calif., was sentenced  to 30 months
in prison and three years of supervised release for  his role as an Ark
accountant. Drummer admitted that he  participated in an illegal tax scheme
marketed by Anderson's Ark &  Associates by filing income tax returns for
clients that claimed  refunds of all taxes paid for the current and previous two
years,  according to a plea agreement.

A judge ordered Drummer to notify his clients of his offense,  outcome and
sentence imposed. He was also ordered to turn over his  client list.

LOAD-DATE: January 22, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 2003 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             706 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                American Banker

                             March 28, 2011 Monday

LexisNexis Platform Used To Combat Card Fraud

BYLINE: Stephanie Bell

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 12 Vol. 176 No. 47

LENGTH: 503  words


LexisNexis has launched Retail Fraud Manager, a platform designed to help online
merchants detect and combat card-not-present fraud by automating and analyzing
the transaction-review process, the company said on Wednesday.

"Most online merchants want to get to a point to automate their
transaction-review process so they can identify good orders and isolate the bad
or fraudulent orders," Dennis Becker, LexisNexis' vice president, said in an
interview. "We developed a fraud-prevention platform that is all about
maximizing revenue and minimizing fraud losses."

The Alpharetta, Ga., company's previous fraud-management service consisted of
individual components instead of an all-in-one platform, Becker said.

Retail Fraud Manager software streamlines and organizes online merchants' data
for more efficient fraud-risk management. Participating merchants integrate
"front-end identity risk-scoring" with a workflow platform and fraud analyst
review system to their existing online point of sale systems, Becker said.

The integration enables merchants to assess risk quickly at the time of the
transaction and automate the process to minimize the number of orders being
reviewed manually, Becker said.

The platform also includes a service called Chargeback Defender Risk Score,
designed to help merchants detect potential fraud by verifying identification
data for both the billing and the shipping address, especially if they differ.

Chargeback Defender operates alongside a system called Chargeback Defender
Device Score, powered by the fraud technology provider Kount Inc. of Boise,
Idaho.

The systems work together to analyze each transaction, including the type of
device that initiated it and the Internet protocol address.

"The system can let a merchant know that, while a transaction may come from
Denver, the IP address is actually located in Romania," meaning it most likely
is fraudulent and will be flagged for review, Becker said.

The system also takes information about the consumer and searches a historical
database. In some cases, merchants may ask consumers preanswered personal
questions during checkout to verify their identities, he explains.

LexisNexis charges merchants based on transaction volume and on what they use
within the platform, Becker said.

Online-only merchants are typically hit with 2,033 fraudulent transactions each
month, Javelin Strategy and Research said in a recent report. The number is so
high because merchants often are unable to determine whether the consumer
placing the order is legitimate, said Jim Van Dyke, a co-founder and president
of the research firm in Pleasanton, Calif. Moreover, many issuers will not
refund online merchants for "bad transactions" because there is no way to
authenticate the consumer, he said.

However, a fraud-management system such as LexisNexis' works to "make
connections and check that transactions are legitimate through historical data,"
enabling merchants to catch flag fraudulent transactions before the orders are
processed, Van Dyke added.

URL: http://www.americanbanker.com/

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AB


                        Copyright 2011 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             707 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

                   September 22, 1989, Friday, DAILY EDITION

Broker pleads guilty

SECTION: SECTION 1, NEWS; Pg. 5, U.S. BUSINESS BRIEFS

LENGTH: 90 words


  Shayne Walters, formerly a senior sales represenative at R.R. Donnelley & Sons
Co., pleaded guilty yesterday to a two-count charge of conspirary to commit mail
fraud, wire fraud and securities fraud and with perjury in his testimony before
the Securities & Exchange Commission. In Federal District Court in Manhattan,
Walters admitted that he and his co-conspirators had traded securities based on
nonpublic information concerning the contents of Business Week magazine prior to
the magazine's distribution to the public.




LOAD-DATE: December 9, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: NEWS

                       Copyright 1989 Financial Post Ltd.


                             708 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 9, 2015 Thursday

Arizona: Six Individuals Indicted in Mortgage Fraud Scheme

LENGTH: 687  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Justice has issued the following news releae:

Six individuals, from Miami and Brazil, were indicted for participating in a
mortgage fraud conspiracy.

Wifredo A. Ferrer, U.S. Attorney for the Southern District of Florida, and
George L. Piro, Special Agent in Charge, Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI),
Miami Field Office, made the announcement.

Raul Enrique Quintana, 48, of Miami, Maura Barbosa Lopes, a/k/a "Maura
Quintana," 55, of Brazil,Arnaldo Almeida Prado Neto, 33, of Brazil, Evelyn Lara,
47, of Miami, Luis Enrique Sosa, 43, of Miami, and Juan Osiel Gonzalez, 54, of
Miami, were charged with conspiracy to commit bank fraud and wire fraud
affecting a financial institution, and various counts of bank fraud offenses,
punishable by up to thirty years in prison.

The indictment alleges that from 2004 to 2007, the defendants conspired to
perpetrate a complex mortgage fraud scheme against various FDIC-insured lenders,
including Chevy Chase Bank, JP Morgan Chase Bank, and Washington Mutual Bank.

The indictment alleges that the defendants Raul Enrique Quintana, Maura Barbosa
Lopes, and Arnaldo Almeida Prado Neto purchased and refinanced residential
properties in Miami-Dade and Palm Beach Counties, including a number of
properties on Fisher Island, using mortgage loans that they obtained through
false and fraudulent misrepresentations on their loan applications and related
documents.

According to the indictment, the fraudulent loan applications were originated by
Raul Enrique Quintana's mortgage brokerage company, Brickell Financial
Corporation ("BFC"). Title Closing Partners, LLC ("TTP"), a company controlled
by Raul Enrique Quintana, Maura Barbosa Lopes, and Evelyn Lara, served as the
closing agent for the loans.

According to the indictment, the defendants' misrepresentations to the banks
included fictitious verifications of false and fraudulent employment and bank
deposit information set forth on loan applications. The indictment alleges that
Maura Barbosa Lopes and Arnaldo Almeida Prado Neto, as borrowers, falsely and
fraudulently declared that they were employed by defendant Luis Sosa's company,
CWW, and were earning substantial salaries. It is further alleged that Raul
Quintana and Luis Sosa agreed that when lenders contacted CWW the employees
would provide fraudulent verifications of Barbosa Lopes and Prado Neto's
employment with the company.

The indictment also alleges that Raul Quintana, Maura Barbosa Lopes, and Arnaldo
Almeida Prado Neto submitted loan applications that fraudulently listed
fictitious or inflated bank account balances as assets, and that in some
instances they provided lenders with falsified bank account statements in
support of those claims. It is alleged that defendant Juan Gonzalez, who was an
employee at Wachovia Bank, provided lenders with false and fraudulent
verifications of deposit for fictitious and inflated Wachovia Bank accounts that
were listed as assets by Raul Quintana and Maura Quintana on their loan
applications.

The indictment alleges that Evelyn Lara prepared and signed HUD-1 Settlement
Statements for loans to Raul Quintana, Maura Barbosa Lopes, and Arnaldo Almeida
Prado Neto, which falsely and fraudulently stated that they had paid earnest
money deposits and cash due at the closing of their loans.

On April 6, 2015, Raul Quintana, Maura Barbosa Lopes, Arnaldo Almeida Prado
Neto, Luis Sosa, and Juan Gonzalez appeared for their initial hearing before
United States Magistrate Judge Chris M. McAliley. Luis Sosa and Juan Gonzalez
were granted bond. Raul Quintana, Maura Barbosa Lopes, and Arnaldo Almeida Prado
Neto remain in custody pending their pretrial detention hearings, which are
currently set for April 9, 2015, before Magistrate Judge McAliley in Miami.

Mr. Ferrer commends the investigative efforts of the FBI. The case is being
prosecuted by Assistant United States Attorney Dwayne E. Williams.

An indictment is only an accusation and a defendant is presumed innocent unless
and until proven guilty.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             709 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Alberni Valley Times (British Columbia)

                           August 14, 2013 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Four Canadians charged in $140 million penny stock fraud scheme

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 381 words


Four Canadians and five Americans have been charged in what U.S. officials call
one of the largest international penny stock frauds in history.

One of the Canadians was arrested in Ontario and another one was among six
suspects arrested in New York, Arizona, New Jersey, Florida and California, the
U.S. Department of Justice said Tuesday.

Two other Canadians are being sought.

The arrests were the result of a multi-year investigation involving the FBI and
the RCMP, the department said, adding it relied on wiretaps in the U.S. and
undercover agents abroad.

It said the suspects are accused in two separate but connected schemes that
netted more than $140 million and affected investors in dozens of countries.
"Where others saw citizens of the world, the defendants saw a pool of potential
marks," U.S. Attorney Loretta Lynch said in a statement.

"They cheated, lied and swindled investors into buying billions of shares of
worthless stock, then turned around and used a second scam to cheat those
investors again."

An indictment accuses the defendants of artificially inflating the value of
worthless penny stocks and selling them to investors across the globe.

They also allegedly tricked the victims into paying to join phoney lawsuits to
recoup their losses.

In some cases, it's alleged the accused pretended to work for the U.S. Internal
Revenue Service and collected a "bogus advance tax" from investors before they
could unload their penny stocks, the Justice Department said.

Two of the Canadian suspects - Gregory Ellis, 46, and Kolt Curry, 38 - have been
arrested.

But authorities said Sandy Winick, 55, remains at large in Thailand and Gregory
Curry, 63, has yet to be located.

The American suspects are Gary Kershner, 72; Joseph Manfredonia, 45; Cort
Poyner, 44; Songkram Roy Sahachaisere, 43; and William Seals, 51.

The charges include conspiracy to commit securities fraud, conspiracy to commit
wire fraud, wire fraud, securities fraud and false personation of an officer of
the United States.

If convicted, the accused could face up to 20 years of imprisonment for each
count of conspiracy to commit wire fraud, wire fraud and securities fraud, as
well as up to five years for conspiracy to commit securities fraud.

The false personation charge could carry a three-year prison sentence.

LOAD-DATE: August 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: / LYNCH;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 Alberni Valley Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             710 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Mortgage Servicing News

                                    May 2009

NV Is Fraud Ground Zero

BYLINE: Lew Sichelman

SECTION: Pg. 13 Vol. 13 No. 4

LENGTH: 293  words


Las Vegas-What happens in Vegas doesn't always stay in Vegas, according to the
U.S. attorney for the state of Nevada.

Contradicting the popular catch line used to promote tourism here, Gregory
Brower said that the statement isn't true when it comes to mortgage fraud.

"Nevada and Las Vegas are ground zero for fraud, and Reno is no slouch, either,"
he told the Mortgage Bankers Association's National Fraud Issues Conference.

Perhaps because of the get-rich-quick mentality that is so prevalent in the
Silver State and its gambling meccas, Mr. Brawley said it's no surprise to him
that scam artists are drawn to Vegas and environs.

"I hate to admit it because I grew up here, but it's a mecca for fraudsters, and
a magnet for fraud," he said.

Appointed by President George W. Bush late last year after serving as general
counsel at the Government Printing Office in Washington, DC, Mr. Brawley cited
the unprecedented growth in housing here as a major reason fraud has prospered.

"I always thought the other shoe would drop," he said. "Now it has and here we
are."

He told the conference that Las Vegas, with one foreclosure for every 60
households, leads the country in that category.

And fellow gaming mecca Reno, with one repossession for each 108 households,
ranks eighth.

The large number of repos here "is not entirely caused by fraud," he said, "but
it's a significant part of the problem."

The U.S. attorney also admitted that while law enforcement officials "are trying
to get ahead of the problem," fraud has become such a big enterprise that he's
not sure anybody in law enforcement can.

"We're just scratching the surface," he conceded.

"The problem will get bigger before it gets smaller, and we're likely to be
very, very busy for months and years to come."

URL: http://www.mortgageservicingnews.com/

LOAD-DATE: May 1, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter

JOURNAL-CODE: MSN


                        Copyright 2009 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             711 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                January 9, 1992, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

Assets Taken In Fraud Case

BYLINE: Special to The New York Times

SECTION: Section D; Page 20; Column 6; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 285 words

DATELINE: LOS ANGELES, Jan. 8


Federal officials today seized millions of dollars worth of real estate, cars
and boats belonging to a jailed investment manager who stands accused of bilking
public agencies out of more than $100 million and to his wife.

The property taken from Steven D. Wymer and Ann Marie Wymer included a 1991
Ferrari, a 1986 Mercedes-Benz, homes in Newport Beach, Calif., Sun Valley,
Idaho, and New York City, eight other properties in four states, and bank
accounts containing an unspecified amount of money. Seizure warrants were also
issued for seven other cars and three power boats, but they have not been
located.

"We estimate the value of the assets at more than $10 million," said an
assistant United States attorney, Alejandro N. Mayorkas. "The is one of the
largest seizures ever in a financial fraud case."

Mr. Wymer's lawyers did not return several telephone calls regarding today's
events.

According to the complaint filed in support of the seizure, most of the property
belonged to both the Wymers, but some of the seized items were registered in
only one name or the other.

Mr. Wymer, 43 years old, has been held without bail at a Federal prison here
since Dec. 17. He was indicted on Jan. 2 on 30 counts of securities fraud, mail
fraud, money laundering, obstruction of justice and lying to investigators. He
also faces a related civil suit filed by the Securities and Exchange Commission.

The indictment charged that $100 million was missing from investor accounts at
Institutional Treasury Management, an Irvine, Calif., firm owned and operated by
Mr. Wymer. The funds said to be missing belonged to several small cities,
counties and pension funds in Iowa, California and Colorado.

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company


                             712 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                            April 23, 2005 Saturday

Three men convicted of fraud, laundering

BYLINE: CANDACE RONDEAUX

SECTION: NORTH PINELLAS TIMES; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 360 words

DATELINE: TAMPA


A federal jury has convicted an Oldsmar man and two others of conspiracy to
commit securities fraud and money laundering for their role in what
investigators said was an $18.4-million investment scam.

The jury deliberated for a full day in U.S. District Court in Tampa before
returning a guilty verdict Thursday afternoon against Joseph Cuciniello. Also
convicted were Fort Myers resident Dean A. Sinibaldi and Gene A. Tyrrell of
Glendale, Ariz.

In addition to the fraud charges, Cuciniello, 55, was convicted of several
counts of mail fraud and money laundering for his role in a scheme that fleeced
more than 300 investors.

He and others behind Millennium Investment Inc., First Dominion Venture Capital
and Stonehedge Group Inc. sold the companies' clients worthless promissory notes
and unregistered securities by falsely claiming the money would be used to
purchase high-quality securities, authorities said.

Federal prosecutors called the companies Cuciniello. His associates operated an
elaborate Ponzi scheme in which money from hundreds of new investors was used to
pay old investors from late 1996 to 2000.

Sinibaldi, 45, also was convicted of two counts of securities fraud, three
counts of sale of unregistered securities, four counts of mail fraud and 15
counts of money laundering. The jury additionally convicted Tyrrell, 56, of
several counts of securities fraud, mail fraud and money laundering.

Cuciniello's Tampa attorney, Daniel Castillo, said he was surprised by the
conviction of his client, calling the jury's decision "lightning quick." He said
Cuciniello plans to appeal.

Cuciniello maintained his innocence Friday.

"The government took nine weeks to put on a case that put the jury to sleep. We
did not put on an elaborate defense because we felt we did nothing wrong,"
Cuciniello said. "The jury did not understand the case at all."

The three men each face up to 15 years in prison and a $500,000 fine. A
sentencing hearing has yet to be set.

Attempts to reach Tyrrell and Sinibaldi's attorneys Friday evening were
unsuccessful.

Candace Rondeaux can be reached at (727) 771-4311 or rondeaux@sptimes.com.

LOAD-DATE: April 23, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Newspaper

                    Copyright 2005 Times Publishing Company


                             713 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                November 14, 1997, Friday, Late Edition - Final

Man Who Promised Profits Pleads Guilty in $95 Million Fraud

BYLINE: By DAVID M. HALBFINGER

SECTION: Section B; Page 3; Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 517 words


A California man pleaded guilty in Manhattan yesterday to Federal charges that
he defrauded nearly 1,600 investors nationwide of more than $95 million by
promising them quick profits through buying the life insurance policies of
terminally ill people.

Such purchases, known as viatical settlements, have become increasingly popular,
especially for people with diseases like AIDS who can no longer work and have
difficulty paying their medical bills.

But in this case, prosecutors said, the patients, their insurance policies, and
their medical documents all were made up.

"This was a complete fraud from beginning to end," said Mary Jo White, the
United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York. "There were no
life insurance policies, all of the critical documents were forged and the
medical diagnoses were fictitious."

The defendant, David W. Laing, 53, of Rancho Mirage, Calif., pleaded guilty
before Judge Shirley Wohl Kram of United States District Court to one count of
securities fraud and two counts of mail fraud. He faces up to 20 years in prison
and a possible fine of up to twice his victims' losses, or $190 million.

In a typical viatical settlement -- the term derives from the Latin viaticum,
for the money and supplies one takes on a journey -- a patient sells his or her
life insurance policy to an investor at a discounted price. The insurance
company pays the investor the full value of the policy when the patient dies;
the sooner the death, the higher the investor's return.

In July 1996, Mr. Laing, the president of Personal Choice Opportunities, put
together a multimedia marketing campaign that promised investors annual interest
payments of up to 25 percent. His victims each put up a minimum of $25,000, and
as much as several hundred thousand dollars apiece, prosecutors said.

The scheme unraveled quickly beginning last February, according to court
documents, after the California Department of Corporations found that Mr.
Laing's company was operating without a license. The department subpoenaed the
company's records, but the company did not comply, citing confidentiality.

That response soon set off alarm bells at the Federal Bureau of Investigation,
where agents acting on a separate tip began an undercover investigation of
Personal Choice Opportunities, offering to invest several million dollars with
the company. The agents discovered that Mr. Laing had personally received more
than $30 million in investors' money, which he then used for personal expenses,
spending as much as $10 million gambling in Las Vegas, prosecutors said.

Robert L. Shapiro, Mr. Laing's lawyer, declined to comment after the proceeding.

A doctor involved in the scheme, Thomas K. Hines, 62, of Carson City, Nev.,
pleaded guilty on Nov. 6 to a charge of conspiracy to commit securities, mail
and wire fraud, prosecutors said. Dr. Hines admitted that he lied to investors,
telling them that he had reviewed the medical histories of hundreds of
terminally ill people who had sold their life insurance policies to Personal
Choice Opportunities.

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company


                             714 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 April 16, 1992, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

Prosecutors Depict Vast Fraud Scheme By L.I. Car Dealer

BYLINE: By JANE FRITSCH

SECTION: Section A; Page 1; Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 1052 words


A Long Island car dealer borrowed $1.75 billion from General Motors last year to
finance tens of thousands of cars that did not exist, Federal prosecutors said
yesterday. They charged the dealer with fraud in what one prosecutor called "the
mother of all kiting schemes."

In a civil suit two weeks ago, the General Motors Acceptance Corporation accused
the dealer, John McNamara, of defrauding the company of more than $400 million.
But the staggering scope of the accusations became clearer yesterday when
Federal prosecutors in Brooklyn charged Mr. McNamara with mail fraud, wire fraud
and money laundering.

Mr. McNamara, according to court papers, duped G.M.A.C., the financing division
of General Motors, for more than a decade. Altogether, he is accused of
defrauding the company of $436 million. His loans for 1991 alone -- which were
supposed to finance 70,000 cars -- exceeded the budget of the state of Vermont.

Equally staggering was his bail, which was set at $300 million. He was freed
after pledging his homes, businesses, a private jet and virtually everything he
and members of his family own as security.

The scheme seemed to astonish even Mr. McNamara. He told G.M.A.C. officials that
he was surprised he had not been caught earlier, according to documents filed in
Federal District Court in Brooklyn.

The fraud began in 1980, according to a complaint filed by the Federal Bureau of
Investigation, and was discovered by G.M.A.C. auditors only four months ago.

Mr. McNamara is a prominent developer, philanthropist and Republican Party
insider in the eastern Long Island village of Port Jefferson. He is described in
court papers as "an important customer to G.M.A.C." who had an excellent credit
rating.

As recently as December, as suspicions about Mr. McNamara were growing among
company auditors, the company lent him $425 million to finance the purchase of
17,000 vehicles, which he said he was buying from a company in Indiana and
shipping to a company in Cyprus. Prosecutors said yesterday that both were shell
companies owned by Mr. McNamara.

A company spokeswoman in Detroit, Lynda Kosinski, said yesterday that the
company had no comment on the matter.

Mr. McNamara's dealership, McNamara Buick-Pontiac in Port Jefferson, was ordered
closed two weeks ago by a Suffolk County judge after G.M.A.C. charged in a civil
action that he had falsified documents and obtained loans to finance cars that
did not exist.

Ruling Is Reversed

But Justice Robert W. Doyle of State Supreme Court in Riverhead yesterday
reversed the April 2 order, which had enabled General Motors to remove 700 new
cars from the dealership.

In his ruling, Justice Doyle said there was insufficient proof to support the
seizure of the vehicles. "While it was alleged that the defendant caused the
disappearance of 17,000 vehicles, not a shred of evidence was presented to
establish such vehicles ever existed," he said.

Justice Doyle gave G.M.A.C. until tomorrow to appeal the order before returning
the cars to Mr. McNamara. Paul R. Ades, a lawyer for the company, said he was
preparing an appeal, which may be filed today.

G.M.A.C. auditors doing routine arithmetic last December first began to question
the existence of the cars Mr. McNamara claimed he was buying with G.M.A.C. loan
money, according to court documents.

Investigation Continues

Prosecutors said that Mr. McNamara apparently repaid his G.M.A.C. loans with new
and ever-escalating loans from the company. When the company finally stopped
lending him money, he owed $436 million.

Prosecutors said it was not clear what Mr. McNamara did with the money. They
said that the investigation was continuing and that evidence would be presented
to a grand jury.

If convicted of the charges lodged yesterday, Mr. McNamara faces a possible
sentence of 30 years in prison, forfeiture of all his assets, estimated at more
than $300 million, and fines of more than $800 million.

Neither Mr. McNamara nor his lawyer would comment yesterday.

Mr. McNamara had been a G.M.A.C. client for more than 18 years and had never
failed to repay a loan on time. Indeed, the dealership's practice was to repay
the loans even before customers had paid for the cars.

Tracing the Cars

But the enormous number of vehicles being financed by Mr. McNamara would have
required the dealership to have between $74 million and $244 million of its own
on hand, according to the prosecutors.

The auditors decided to ask some basic questions. They found that the vehicle
identification numbers provided by the dealership did not appear in industry
journals, contrary to common practice.

Mr. McNamara was supposedly getting the vehicles from Kay Industries, an Indiana
company that purportedly upgraded cars and vans produced elsewhere. But industry
sources told the auditors that they had never heard of Kay Industries, even
though the company supposedly did a high volume of business in a specialized
field.

In December, G.M.A.C. officials confronted Mr. McNamara with their suspicions.
Mr. McNamara responded, according to court documents, that he was surprised he
had not been caught sooner.

Company in Cyprus

After their discussions with Mr. McNamara, the auditors set out to prove that
the automobiles did not exist.

Kay Industries, they found, had never registered with the United States
Department of Transportation, which is required of all vehicle-alteration
companies. They found that Kay Industries had vacated its Indianapolis offices
in early January, and traced the company back to Mr. McNamara.

Further, the auditors could find no record that the McNamara vehicles were
exported from United States ports, despite the dealership's claims that 70,000
vehicles had been sent overseas.

And finally, the auditors found that Cydonia Trading Ltd., the Cyprus firm that
was thought to have received the exported cars, was registered under the names
of Mr. McNamara and an associate.

Federal prosecutors said yesterday that Mr. McNamara had been engaged in a Ponzi
scheme of a scope and duration they had never before encountered. In such a
scheme, old debts are repaid with newly borrowed money.

"This is the mother of all kiting schemes," said Andrew J. Maloney, the United
States Attorney for the Eastern District.

NAME: John McNamara

LOAD-DATE: April 16, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: John McNamara (Associated Press, 1986)

TYPE: Biography

                   Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company


                             715 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Bakersfield Californian

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          November 27, 2013 Wednesday

BRIEF: 12th Crisp & Cole defendant to plead guilty

BYLINE: John Cox, The Bakersfield Californian

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 129 words


Nov. 27--A 12th defendant in the Crisp & Cole mortgage fraud case has signed a
plea agreement, leaving only three people to face trial Feb. 4, the new start
date.

Former sales agent Jeriel Salinas is scheduled to plead guilty to one count of
conspiracy to commit mail, wire and bank fraud at noon Wednesday in U.S.
District Court in Fresno.

The remaining defendants in the case are: David Marshall Crisp, a principal at
the now-defunct firm at the center of the case, Crisp, Cole & Associates; Julie
Dianne Farmer, the company's former operations manager; and Jennifer Anne Crisp,
David Crisp's wife.

___ (c)2013 The Bakersfield Californian (Bakersfield, Calif.) Visit The
Bakersfield Californian (Bakersfield, Calif.) at www.bakersfield.com Distributed
by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: November 28, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20131127-BK-BRF-12th-Crisp-Cole-defendant-to-plead-guilty-1127-20131127

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BK


                   Copyright 2013 The Bakersfield Californian


                             716 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Times & Transcript (New Brunswick)

                             June 19, 2007 Tuesday

Welfare cheats steal from those who need help

BYLINE: Dear Abby Advice

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. D4

LENGTH: 564  words


Dear Abby: Thank you, thank you, for publishing the letter from "Ticked Off in
Topeka, Kan." (April 18) concerning welfare fraud, including Section 8 housing
fraud. I am an investigator for a housing authority, and our agency is dedicated
to maintaining the integrity of the program and protecting the taxpayer dollars
entrusted to us. Not a day goes by that I don't hear, "I don't want to get
anyone in trouble, but ..."

Please let your readers know that if they call in with a fraud tip, they are not
the ones who are getting anyone in trouble. The people who decided to commit the
fraud or do the crime got themselves in trouble. The only way we can help the
most people with our limited resources is by eliminating fraud and applying the
rules and regulations fairly and equitably for everyone.

Quite often it is neighbors, friends and family members who are our eyes and
ears. It is important that they let us know when someone is defrauding the
system. No one will lose assistance just because of a tip. We investigate every
case and, if proven, the tenants are given an opportunity to appeal and to have
a hearing. There are too many families on the waiting list and too many people
who need help for fraud to go unreported.

-- Investigator in

Oklahoma City

Dear Investigator: I hope "Ticked Off" will take your advice -- and mine -- and
report this "friend" to the proper authorities. Many readers voiced their
frustration, while others offered helpful suggestions. Read on:

Dear Abby: This makes me so mad! My family struggles each and every month with
no public assistance. Abby, I don't want to be rich or live in a palace. I just
want to go to bed each night knowing my kids' bellies are full and that they
have a roof over their heads when the next night comes. We live on macaroni and
cheese and ramen noodles, not steak and lobster. If this "friend" is committing
fraud, I say report her, because if you are working and paying taxes into the
welfare account, she's cheating you, too.

-- Keeping it Real

in Kissimmee

Dear Abby: Way to go, Abby! Americans need to stop overlooking the dishonesty
they encounter. Thank you for encouraging "Ticked Off" to take a stand.

-- G.M., Montrose, Colorado

Dear Abby: Please let "Ticked Off" know that if her friend is receiving Section
8 subsidies, her actions may be a federal offense. As a former attorney for a
housing authority, I used to receive numerous tips from third parties regarding
fraud. If she is concerned, she should contact the local housing authority and
ask to speak with the investigations department. A tip may be made anonymously.

There is more at stake here than just her conscience. If a housing authority
loses its funding, many innocent families and children suffer needlessly. She
should do the right thing and speak up.

-- A Reader in New Jersey

Dear Abby: I have worked for the Section 8 program administered by the state of
Michigan for more than 20 years. This federally funded program is intended for
the aid of the elderly, disabled individuals and low-income families. A thief
who steals from Section 8 is also stealing from those in our society who most
desperately need our help.

-- Also Ticked Off in

Lansing, Michigan

n Dear Abby's advice column, written by Jeanne Phillips, daughter of column
founder Pauline Phillips, appears daily. Write Dear Abby at www.DearAbby.com or
P.O. Box 69440, Los Angeles, CA 90069.

LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 The Times & Transcript.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             717 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  Long Island Business News (Long Island, NY)

                                January 30, 2004

Long Island a favorite of scam artists, study says

BYLINE: Ken Schachter

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 535  words


Long Island was the nation's 12th favorite target of scam artists in 2003,
easily outdistancing No. 25 New York, according to a new federal ranking based
on metro-area populations.

Nassau and Suffolk residents registered 2,6663 complaints of fraud not related
to identity theft, or 96.7 per 100,000 residents, versus 7,238 complaints, or
77.7 per 100,000 residents, in New York City, according to the Federal Trade
Commission report.

In rankings of identity theft, when a swindler steals a Social Security number,
credit-card number or similar personal data, Long Island dropped to 20th place,
with 2,066 victims, or 75 per 100,000 residents, while New York City ranked
ninth, with 10,641 victims, or 114.2 per 100,000 people.

Stephen Treglia, assistant district attorney and chief of the technology crime
unit in the Nassau County District Attorney's Office, noted that identity theft
continues to vex consumers, businesses and law enforcement authorities.

"It's one of the top criminal activities in the country today," he said.
"Certainly we're seeing a rise here as well."

Since 2001, identity theft has climbed from 39 percent of nationwide consumer
complaints to 42 percent in 2003, according to the report. The second-largest
category was fraud related to Internet auctions, rising from 11 percent in 2001
to 15 percent in 2003.

Treglia said credit card companies and banks frequently assumed the losses
associated with identity theft, though merchants sometimes get chargebacks
forcing them to cover the loss.

"The ultimate problem will be the businesses' bottom line," he said.

Where were consumers most likely to get ripped off?

With 7,552 complaints, or 153.4 per 100,000 people, Washington rated No. 1 in
metro-area fraud not related to ID theft.

The FTC study found a 28 percent increase in nationwide consumer complaints from
404,000 in 2002 to 516,740 in 2003 with 42 percent (214,905) related to identity
theft. Fraud victims reported losses of $437.5 million, with an average loss of
$228.

In state fraud rankings, New Yorkers ranked 34th with 84.3 fraud complaints per
100,000 residents, but sixth in identity theft, behind only Arizona, Nevada,
California, Texas and Florida. Alaskans - the most likely to fall victim to
fraud - reported 179.6 incidents per 100,000 people.

Statewide, identity theft complaints (15,821) almost equaled other fraud
categories (16,170) in 2003.

The top fraud categories for New York consumers not related to ID theft were
Internet auctions (31 percent) and shop-at-home/catalog sales (18 percent).

Lonny Paul, direcor of e-commerce at TigerDirect Inc., a unit of Port
Washington-based Systemax Inc., attributed the increase in ID theft to users who
are new to the Internet and neglect to take precautions.

"I think it's the newbies that are the primary victims online," he said. "Part
of the reason ID theft is rising is that there are a lot of people online who
don't know what they're doing."

Paul said TigerDirect's anti-fraud procedures have brought incidents to an
all-time low.

"We've been processing orders for 16 years," he said. "In that time, we've been
able to identify just about every scam there is. Usually, if it looks like a cow
and smells like a cow, it's a cow."

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2004 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             718 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              January 18, 1989, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

18 Accused of Commodity Fraud

BYLINE: Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section D; Page 2, Column 5; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 216 words

DATELINE: CHICAGO, Jan. 17


Eighteen former employees of the First Commodity Corporation of Boston have been
charged with defrauding more than 2,600 customers of more than $40 million.

The indictments and criminal information were announced today. The indictments,
brought by a Federal grand jury, and the criminal information, brought by the
United States Attorney's office, accused the defendants of using high-pressure
sales tactics to persuade First Commodity's customers to invest in risky
commodity ventures that were misrepresented as being safe.

Anton R. Valukas, the United States Attorney in Chicago, described the scheme as
a ''massive and institutionalized fraud'' on the thousands of customers who
invested in the company.

The continuing investigation in Chicago, Boston, New York, Miami and San
Francisco is the largest one of its kind ever undertaken by Federal officials.

The charges named First Commodity's former national vice president for sales,
two branch managers, and 15 former salesmen and managers.

The defendants are charged with a total of 187 counts of wire fraud and mail
fraud, racketeering and racketeering conspiracy. The indictments seek $5.7
million in forfeitures of profits. If the defendants are convicted, they could
face lengthy prison terms and thousands of dollars in fines.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1989 The New York Times Company


                             719 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Marin Independent Journal (California)

                            January 25, 2008 Friday

Tiburon lawyer pleads guilty in tax faud conspiracy case

BYLINE: Gary Klien

SECTION: MARIN; News

LENGTH: 259 words


Five days before his trial was set to begin, a Tiburon lawyer pleaded guilty
Thursday in what federal authorities described as a $20 million tax fraud
conspiracy.

Graham Taylor was one of six defendants - three accountants, two lawyers and an
investment broker - indicted in November 2005 on charges of conspiracy to
defraud the United States, conspiracy to commit mail fraud and wire fraud.

Authorities said the defendants used various means - offshore entities, false
documentation for fictitious currency transaction losses, false insurance
expense deductions and bogus capital losses - to help 75 clients shield about
$60 million in taxable income from the government. Prosecutors said the scheme
cost the U.S. Treasury some $20 million in tax revenues.

Two of the accountants - Stephen Petersen of Coalville, Utah, and Reed Barker of
Littleton, Colo. - collected over $4 million in fees related to the scheme,
authorities said.

Taylor, Petersen and Barker pleaded guilty to tax fraud, and Petersen also
pleaded guilty to aiding in the preparation of a false tax return on behalf of a
client, according to the Department of Justice.

The six defendants were scheduled to go on trial Monday in U.S. District Court
in Salt Lake City. The other defendants are attorney Dennis Evanson of Sandy,
Utah; accountant Brent Metcalf of Cottonwood, Utah; and investment broker Wayne
DeMeester of Sammamish, Wash.

Taylor, a partner at Seyfarth Shaw LLP in San Francisco, could not be reached
for comment Thursday night.

Contact Gary Klien via e-mail at gkl;ein@marinij.com

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


    Copyright 2008 Marin Independent Journal, a MediaNews Group publication
                              All Rights Reserved


                             720 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Capital (Annapolis, MD)

                            December 10, 2006 Sunday

Researchers developing anti-fraud software for auction sites

SECTION: INSIDE; Pg. A10

LENGTH: 540  words


PITTSBURGH (AP) - Carnegie Mellon University researchers are using an old adage
to develop anti-fraud software for Internet auction sites like eBay: It's not
what you know, it's who you know.

Sites like eBay rely on users to warn others if they have a bad experience with
a seller by rating their transactions. But the CMU researchers said savvy
fraudsters get around that by conducting transactions with friends or even
themselves, using alternate user names to give themselves high satisfaction
ratings - so unsuspecting customers will still try to buy from them.

The CMU software looks for patterns of users who have repeated transactions with
one another, and alerts other users that there is a higher probability of having
a fraudulent transaction with them.

"There's a lot of commonsense solutions out there, like being more careful about
how you screen the sellers," said Duen Horng "Polo" Chau, the research associate
who developed the software with computer science professor Christos Faloutsos
and two other students. "But because I'm an engineering student, I wanted to
come up with a systematic approach" to identify those likely to commit fraud.

The researchers analyzed about 1 million transactions involving 66,000 eBay
users to develop graphs that identify users interacting with unusual frequency.
They plan to publish a paper on their findings early next year and, perhaps,
market their software to eBay or otherwise make it available to people who shop
online.

"A lot of time auction frauds involve huge amounts of money and when law
enforcement arrests them, they find that it's one or two people or a small group
that steals millions of dollars," Mr. Chau said. "A small group of people can
cause a lot of damage."

Online auction fraud - when a seller doesn't deliver goods or sells a defective
product - accounted for 12 percent of the 431,000 computer fraud complaints
received last year by Consumer Sentinel, the Federal Trade Commission's consumer
fraud and identity theft database. Auction fraud was the most commonly reported
computer fraud on the database.

And the scams run the gamut.

Earlier this month, a man who failed to deliver tickets to the 2005 Ohio
State-Michigan football game to 250 online auction customers was sentenced to 34
months in federal prison.

Johannes Ullrich, an Internet fraud expert with the SANS Institute in Bethesda,
Md., said the CMU research "sounds like a credible way to detect fraud."

"Essentially, what they're trying to do is find these extended circles of
friends who make positive recommendations to each other," said Mr. Ullrich, the
chief technology officer of SANS' Internet Storm Center, which tracks viruses
and other widespread Internet problems.

But Mr. Ullrich said the CMU researchers must find a way to screen out false
positives.

"If you have, for example, some baseball card collectors or a smaller community
and they keep buying from one another, I could see them" being wrongly flagged
as high-risk for fraud, Mr. Ullrich said.

Professor Faloutsos said the researchers have thought of that.

"We're not just looking at your neighbors (on the auction site)," Mr. Faloutsos
said. "We're looking at the neighbors of your neighbors, and the neighbors of
your neighbors' neighbors."

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2006 Capital Gazette Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             721 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

             September 17, 1988, Saturday, SATURDAY SECOND EDITION

Eagles receiver pleads guilty to mail fraud

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B8

LENGTH: 384 words


   Philadelphia Eagles wide receiver Cris Carter pleaded guilty yesterday in a
Chicago courtroom to charges of mail fraud and obstruction of justice after
agreeing to co-operate with prosecutors investigating illegal payments from
sports agents to college athletes. Carter, 22, was released on his own
recognizance and allowed to travel as necessary for Eagle games. The former Ohio
State star was indicted last month along with New York-based agents Norby
Walters and Lloyd Bloom, who were charged with mail fraud, racketeering,
extortion and perjury. Agent Dave Lueddeke of Sherman Oaks, Calif., was also
indicted. Walters and Bloom, scheduled to go on trial Feb. 27, are accused of
offering college athletes cash, cars, clothing and trips in exchange for signed
- in some cases post-dated - agreements allowing the two agents to represent
them in professional contract negotiations. They are accused of resorting to
threats when inducements of cash or goods failed.

Team in accident

Members of the University of Kentucky football team escaped serious injury
yesterday when their chartered bus collided with a car near Nashville, Ind.,
killing two people in the car, authorities said. The bus was one of three in a
convoy carrying the 67 players from Lexington, Ky., to Bloomington for today's
game with Indiana University.

Roller hockey - International match

The Canadian men's roller hockey team will get some much-needed international
experience tonight when it plays host to a club from Cumberland, Md. Game time
at the Aurora Community Centre is 7 p.m. Proceeds will go to the national team.
"They're a quality team," said team spokesman Terry Jenkins. "It'll be a good
experience for us. That's a polite way of saying it." The Canadian men's roller
hockey team is preparing for the world championships in Colombia next month.
Roller hockey will be a demonstration sport at the 1992 Olympics in Barcelona.

Tennis - Carlsson-Muster final

Kent Carlsson of Sweden and Thomas Muster of Austria moved into the final of the
36th Count of Godo men's tennis tournament in Barcelona with semifinal victories
yesterday. Second-seeded Carlsson defeated Marcelo Filippini of Uruguay 6-2,
6-2, while Muster, the fifth seed, ousted ninth-seeded Magnus Gustffsson of
Sweden 6-1, 3-6, 6-3.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1988 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                             722 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

                   February 8, 1995, Wednesday, DAILY EDITION

Ex-Honda official guilty in kickback scam

BYLINE: Associated Press

SECTION: SECTION 1, NEWS; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 147 words

DATELINE: Concord, NH


A former top official at American Honda Motor Co. pleaded guilty yesterday to
racketeering and mail fraud as he was about to go on trial in a kickback
investigation.

Stanley Cardiges, 49, of Laguna Hills, Calif., also pleaded guilty to conspiracy
to commit mail fraud.

Under the plea agreement, Cardiges faces up to 35 years in prison and a fine of
up to US$1 million. He had faced up to 40 years in prison if he had been
convicted on a larger number of charges, including witness-tampering.

The plea came as jury selection was to begin for Cardiges; John Billmyer of
Raleigh, N.C.; and Dennis Josleyn of Penn Valley, Calif.

The case unfolded in New Hampshire because a dealer in Concord and Manchester
sued Honda, claiming he had been treated unfairly. Allegations of graft during
the federal trial prompted the judge to ask for a criminal investigation.


LOAD-DATE: October 31, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: APPOINTMENT NOTICE

                       Copyright 1995 Financial Post Ltd.


                             723 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 July 3, 1987, Friday, Late City Final Edition

LaROUCHE INDICTED IN PLOT TO BLOCK INQUIRY ON FRAUD

BYLINE: By MATTHEW L. WALD, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section A; Page 8, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 876 words

DATELINE: BOSTON, July 2


Lyndon H. LaRouche Jr., the persistent Presidential candidate whose politics
center on conspiracy theories, has been indicted by a Federal grand jury here on
charges that he conspired to block an investigation of a $1 million credit card
fraud by his campaign workers.

Thirteen people and five organizations linked to Mr. LaRouche were indicted last
year on charges of credit card fraud and other criminal counts, but the
125-count indictment unsealed today is the first to name Mr. LaRouche himself.

It marks a major milestone in a political saga that began more than a decade ago
on the far left of American politics, switched abruptly to the extreme right,
and now lies in an area that is difficult to characterize in traditional terms.

Earlier Indictments

The indictment, handed up Monday, supersedes indictments returned last Oct. 6
and Dec. 16. Those accused his workers of making unauthorized charges to the
credit cards of individuals who bought LaRouche publications from campaigners in
airport concourses and elsewhere, and of borrowing tens of millions of dollars
from other supporters that was never intended to be repaid. State officials in
New York and Virginia have brought charges against LaRouche workers for
solicitation of those loans.

On Monday Mr. LaRouche appeared before the grand jury here voluntarily.

Afterward. he said. ''The charge that my campaign or any person associated with
me engaged in credit card fraud is a lie and the government knows it is a lie.''

The latest indictment is the culmination of an effort by the United States
Attorney here, Frank L. McNamara Jr., and his counterpart in Alexandria, Va.,
Henry E. Hudson, to pursue an investigation against lower-level personnel in the
LaRouche organization and to develop evidence against the man at the top.

The indictment relies in part on records seized by more than 300 local, state
and Federal agents in a raid last October on the organization's American
headquarters, in Leesburg, Va., in connection with the first indictment.

According to papers filed by prosecutors in the case, Mr. LaRouche and officials
of his organization feared that the prosecution of low-level workers in Boston
would lead to an investigation of the finances of the candidate, who, the notes
of organization members showed, had not filed income tax returns in 12 years.

The notes also showed that members of the organization feared that Mr. LaRouche
could suffer the same fate as the Rev. Sun Myung Moon, head of the Unification
Church, who was jailed for tax evasion. According to papers filed by
prosecutors, Mr. Moon, like Mr. LaRouche, ''occupied a lavish house, paid no
taxes and claimed, spuriously, that he had no income.''

Key Parts of Conspiracy Charge

The new indictment links Mr. LaRouche to several key parts of the conspiracy
charge, including transferring important witnesses out of the Boston area and
discussing how to ''quash'' or ''fix'' the grand jury investigation. ''We are
going to stall, tie them up in the courts . . . just keep stalling, stall and
appeal, stall and appeal,'' Mr. LaRouche instructed Edward Spannaus, a
defendant, according to the indictment.

If Mr. LaRouche, 65 years old, is convicted of the charge of conspiracy to
obstruct justice, he could be jailed for five years and fined $250,000.

The indictment comes at a bad time for Mr. LaRouche and his cluster of related
organizations. They owe $16 million in fines for refusing to cooperate with
grand jury subpoenas in the case, and their assets have been frozen, following
an involuntary bankruptcy petition filed in April by Mr. Hudson in Virginia,
According to court papers, arraignment will be completed by July 8. Mr.
LaRouche's lawyer in Boston, Odin Anderson, said Mr. LaRouche was now in West
Germany and would surrender in Boston next week.

In the LaRouche view of the world, Queen Elizabeth II of Britain heads a drug
lobby, Henry A. Kissinger is a Soviet agent, and the International Monetary Fund
is conspiring to arrange the downfall of the United States. Mr. LaRouche won
substantial attention last spring when candidates he backed won Democratic
primary elections in Illinois for two statewide offices. Both lost in the
general election.

Campaigns for President

Mr. LaRouche first ran for President in 1976, and has run every four years
since. He made a brief stop in New England last week, to press for the
quarantining of all AIDS victims and carriers of the virus, warning that the
disease could cause the economic collapse of the United States.

In addition to Mr. LaRouche, the individuals indicted include three men whose
whereabouts are unknown, Michael Gelber, 35, Richard Sanders, 44, and Charles
Park, 36; six residents of Leesburg, Michael Billington, 31, Paul Goldstein, 37,
Jeffrey Steinberg, 39, Michelle Steinberg, 36, Edward Spannaus, 43, and Robert
Greenberg, 34; Roy Frankhauser, also known as ''Bill Clay,'' of Reading, Pa.,
47, Elliot Greenspan, of Ridgefield Park, N.J., 37, Richard Black, of Quincy,
Mass., 37, John Scialdone, 33, of Boston. The organizations are Campaigner
Publications Inc., Caucus Distributors Inc., The LaRouche Campaign, Independent
Democrats for Larouche, and the National Caucus of Labor Committees.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo of Lyndon H. LaRouche (AP)

                   Copyright 1987 The New York Times Company


                             724 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                              April 2, 2007 Monday
                                  All Editions

Web fraud, losses still up, Illinois ranks in top 10

BYLINE: Anna Marie Kukec

SECTION: BUSINESS; e-buzz; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 380 words


While the Federal Bureau of Investigation received fewer complaints last year on
Internet fraud schemes, the amount of money lost was much higher.

That's because more items were purchased than ever before, said FBI special
agent Tom Simon.

Also, Illinois has the dubious distinction of being in the Top 10 for the number
of perpetrators of those crimes as well as for the number people filing
complaints.

"We attribute the increased levels of money lost to the growing shift of
commerce to the Internet," said Simon. "Defrauders go where the money is and
that's cyberspace."

Nationwide, consumers filed roughly 207,000 complaints - 10 percent fewer than
in 2005.

But the amount of money lost was $198 million in 2006, compared to $183 million
in 2005, according to the 2006 Internet Crime Report prepared
(www.ic3.gov/media/annualreport/2006_IC3Report.pdf) by the National White Collar
Crime Center and the FBI.

Here are a few highlights from the report:

- Internet auction fraud was the most reported offense, comprising about 45
percent of the complaints. Non-delivered merchandise or payment came in second
at 19 percent.

- The highest median losses came from a Nigerian letter fraud, costing consumers
about $5,100.

- Men lost more money than females - a ratio of $1.69 lost per man to every $1
lost per woman. This may be a function of online purchasing differences by
gender and the type of fraud.

More and more business is being conducted on the Internet and "there's no sign
of that abating any time soon," he said.

Surfing: Oak Brook-based Ace Hardware Corp. has re-launched its Web site
(www.acehardware.com) to include resources on home projects, an interactive
video and how-to guides.

akukec@dailyherald.com

Internet crimes

In 2006, the FBI processed more than 200,000 complaints of fraud and other
crimes on the Internet for a total loss of roughly $198 million. Here's a look
at where Illinois stood.

Top 10 for perpetrators

1. California

2. New York

3. Florida

4. Texas

5. Illinois

6. Pennsylvania

7. Tennessee

8. North Carolina

9. Ohio

10. New Jersey

Top 10 with complainants

1. California

2. Texas

3. Florida

4. New York

5. Pennsylvania

6. New Jersey

7. Illinois

8. Ohio

9. Virginia

10. Michigan

Source: 2006 Internet Crime Report, National White Collar Crime Center and
Federal Bureau of Investigation

LOAD-DATE: April 4, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2007 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                             725 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   December 2, 1998, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

Medicare contractors aren't pursuing fraud, audit shows

BYLINE: Peter Eisler

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 439 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON -- The private firms that administer Medicare often
ignore their duty to aggressively root out fraudulent claims that
cost the program billions of dollars in improper payments, according
to a new federal audit.

The audit, by the inspector-general for the Department of Health
and Human Services, says the government should ensure that contractors
processing nearly 1 billion Medicare claims each year are more
"proactive" in uncovering fraud, a problem estimated to cost
$ 20 billion annually.

"There's good reason for concern," says Senate Aging Committee
Chairman Charles Grassley, R-Iowa. "We expect a good police officer
to detect . . . crime, not wait for crime to occur. We should
expect the same from those charged with protecting Medicare."


The federal government contracts with dozens of companies, mostly
Blue Cross and Blue Shield operations, to administer virtually
all claims under Medicare, the government program that finances
health care for the elderly. Federal rules require those companies
to maintain a fraud unit, paid for with government money earmarked
for that purpose.

But the audit, obtained by USA TODAY, found that the fraud units
don't always work.

The audit reviewed the performance of fraud units at 41 companies,
responsible for about 75% of Medicare billings, or about $ 130
billion a year.

"Variation in fraud detection, especially among units with similar
resources, raises concern about possible poor performance," the
audit says. "There is a need to strengthen the monitoring and
oversight."

The audit did not name contractors. Its findings:

-- A quarter of the 41 contractors failed to refer a single fraud
case to the government for prosecution in 1996, the most recent
year for which auditors had data.

-- Among the 11 largest contractors -- those handling more than
$ 4 billion a year in claims -- three generated fewer than 50 fraud
cases in 1996. Better performers found more than 200 fraud cases.

-- Although federal rules require that Medicare contractors do
"proactive" fraud investigations, half the fraud units failed
to generate a case that wasn't based on an outside complaint.
Of 4,008 fraud cases initiated by contractors in 1996, only 5%
were "a result of proactive case development."

The Health Care Financing Administration, which oversees Medicare,
generally agreed with the audit's findings in a written response.
The agency noted that it set up a new computer system last year
to help contractors track fraudulent claims. Next year, contractors
also will be trained in detecting fraud.

LOAD-DATE: December 03, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1998 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             726 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                   September 9, 1987, Wednesday, City Edition

Coin dealer gets probation in mail fraud

BYLINE: JOSHUA L. WEINSTEIN

SECTION: CLEARWATER TIMES; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 406 words



The Morgan silver dollars that Lee Skipwith III offered had a    money-back
guarantee, the advertisement said, "if you return coins by    insured mail."

    The catch: You can't return what you never get.

     Skipwith, who advertised the coins in out-of-state newspapers for    far
below market price, never sent them, according to an investigation    by the
Tampa division of the U.S. Postal Inspection Service. He didn't    pay for the
eight newspaper advertisements in which he offered them,    either, according to
the investigation.

     Skipwith was the operator of Southern Monetary Services in Pinellas
Park. He offered the coins - "Better Than Gold" - for $ 16.95 each,    plus $
2.50 postage, handling and insurance. Prices dropped as    quantities increased,
"with a maximum purchase of 20 coins," the ad    read. "Florida residents add 5
percent sales tax."

     He pleaded guilty to mail fraud Sept. 3.

     U.S. District Judge William Castagna of Tampa sentenced Skipwith to    five
years probation and ordered him to pay back $ 13,600.

     Skipwith ran the scheme from April to August 1983, according to    court
records filed by Terry A. Zitek, assistant U.S. attorney and    chief of the
criminal division.

     "Mr. Skipwith, in fact, never intended to fulfill the    representations
made in the advertisements; rather, he intended, and    did, retain monies sent
in response to the advertisements and failed to    provide purchasers with any
coins," Zitek wrote.

     In the advertisements, Skipwith promised certificates "attesting    to the
silver content of each coin" and said the low price "is    possible because of
shrewd search and purchasing efforts by our    professional buyers."

     The ads ran in newspapers in Hot Springs, Ark.; Meridian, Miss.;

 Tupelo, Miss.; Owosso, Mich.; Elyria, Ohio; Centralia, Ill.; Florence,    S.C.;

 and Huntsville, Ala.        Morgan silver dollars were minted between 1878 and
1921. Their    silver content is 0.77344 troy ounces. According to a 1982
edition of    "Edmund's U.S. Coin Prices," a Morgan silver dollar in perfect
condition that was minted in 1878 would be worth about $ 6,000, while    one in
perfect condition minted in 1921 would be worth about $ 1,150.



LOAD-DATE: November 19, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: CLEARWATER TIMES

                            Times Publishing Company


                             727 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald Tribune (Florida)

                             April 5, 2011 Tuesday

BORROWER PLEADS IN ORION CASE

BYLINE: JOHN HIELSCHER

SECTION: D; ARCHIVES; Pg. D01

LENGTH: 521 words


A key player in the Orion Bank fraud case has already agreed to plead guilty for
a shot at reducing a possible 30-year prison sentence.

Francesco Mileto signed a plea agreement with federal prosecutors last week, two
days before he was indicted along with former Orion top executive Jerry J.
Williams.

Mileto will admit to one count of conspiracy to commit bank fraud. He will
forfeit $2 million and cooperate with prosecutors in their case against Williams
and others.

Williams was charged with 10 counts including conspiracy to commit bank fraud,
money laundering, mail and wire fraud and deceiving federal and state bank
examiners.

He is accused of orchestrating a complex conspiracy to fraudulently raise
capital and falsify bank records to make Naples-based Orion appear healthier
than it actually was.

The $2.7-billion-asset Orion failed in November 2009 and was sold to Iberia
Bank. Williams, who built Orion into the second-largest Florida-based bank, was
ousted as chairman, president and chief executive officer days earlier.

Williams, 51, is free on a $250,000 signature bond. The former Naples resident
now lives in Fort Worth, Texas.

His attorney, Tom Buchanan of Washington, D.C., said Williams ran a successful
bank that fell victim to the recession.

"I think the seizure of the bank was not legitimate," Buchanan said. "They chose
to seize the bank and bring these charges. He will fight the charges and
prevail."

In his plea deal, Mileto, 40 and known as "Frank," admits to playing a central
role in the conspiracy. The Tamarac resident was an Orion customer who claimed
to receive millions of dollars every year from an Italian family trust that, it
turned out, did not exist.

For his plea and promise to testify against others, prosecutors say they will
recommend to the judge that Mileto receive the "low end" of the maximum 30 years
in prison.

"Defendant is pleading guilty because defendant is in fact guilty," states the
plea agreement Mileto signed March 29.

Mileto and related businesses had borrowed $43 million from Orion, reaching the
bank's legal lending limit. He admits in his plea agreement that he provided the
bank with phony documents to obtain those loans.

In mid-2009, Williams arranged for Orion to make up to $39 million in new loans
to "straw borrowers" on behalf of Mileto. Some $15 million was to be used by
Mileto to purchase stock in capital-starved parent Orion Bancorp Inc., an
illegal transaction under banking laws.

The plea deal states top Orion executives knew Mileto had lied to obtain his
earlier loans, but that Williams insisted the bank make the new loans to secure
Orion's much-needed capital.

Mileto used $2 million of the loan proceeds to help pay down loans at another
bank.

Williams and another bank executive placed a memo in Mileto's loan files,
stating that an attorney in Italy could provide neither positive nor negative
information about Mileto's finances. The plea agreement states that attorney had
actually "raised serious concerns" as to the validity of Mileto's foreign bank
account and trust documents.

FAX BOX

DEAL FOR KEY PLAYER:

Customer is to testify against ex-CEO Williams

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             728 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    August 7, 2003, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Ex-CEO convicted in IPO fraud

BYLINE: Greg Farrell

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 478 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK

NEW YORK -- In what could be a preview of securities fraud cases to come, a jury
in Manhattan federal court convicted a former CEO of pumping up his company's
earnings so a 1998 IPO would succeed.

The jury found that Morris "Mickey" Weissman, former chairman and CEO of
American Banknote, had inflated his company's earnings in 1996 and 1997.

Based on the false numbers, the 1998 public offering of the company's
subsidiary, American Banknote Holographics, was a success, netting the company $
115 million. When the accounting fraud was uncovered in early 1999, the
spinoff's shares dropped from about $ 16 a share to $ 1.80 a share. The stock
was delisted in August 1999.


As a result of the fraud, investors were bilked of more than $ 100 million,
prosecutors say. While that sum pales in comparison with the money lost through
the accounting frauds at Enron and WorldCom, the conviction is significant.

Until last year's wave of financial scandals, securities fraud cases,
particularly against CEOs, were difficult to prove. Top executives often claimed
they weren't aware of the dirty work done by their underlings. In this case, New
York prosecutors Andrew Ceresney and Joshua Klein convinced the jury not only of
the existence of fraud at American Banknote but that the former CEO was behind
it.

Two years ago, before Enron's meltdown, there was a prevailing attitude among
most federal prosecutors that securities fraud cases were losers. Outside of New
York, few prosecutors were eager to get bogged down in a paper-intensive case
that could last years. Even worse, securities fraud cases were difficult to
present to juries because they often involved the abuse of arcane accounting
standards.

Experts say the Weissman verdict is a sign that today's juries won't be
confused.

"This is a terrible environment for a defendant in a financial fraud case to go
to trial," says David Gourevitch, a former Securities and Exchange Commission
lawyer. "The prevailing view is that these guys are guilty, out of the box."

"This case tells you more about juries than the specific allegations alleged,"
says John Coffee, a securities law expert at Columbia University. "Juries learn
from what they see on TV. Every time they see a perp walk, in which another
executive is led away in handcuffs, they have the deep impression that corporate
executives are cheating."

Following the verdict, Weissman's lawyer, Otto Obermaier, said his client was
"disappointed in the verdict. He will assess his further steps following the
imposition of a sentence." Weissman, 62, faces up to 30 years in prison.

The prosecutors' victory could affect subsequent corporate crime cases. The
office of James Comey, the U.S. Attorney for the Southern District of New York,
is preparing for two major trials early next year involving WorldCom and
Adelphia.

LOAD-DATE: August 07, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, Jennifer S. Altman; Comey: U.S. Attorney's office is
prosecuting WorldCom, Adelphia

                      Copyright 2003 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             729 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                             May 29, 2004 Saturday
                                 Idaho Edition

Business Briefly

BYLINE: From staff and wire reports

SECTION: A; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 776 words


BEN & JERRY'S OPENS IN SPOKANE

The new Ben & Jerry's Scoop Shop, the company's only store in Eastern
Washington, held its grand opening Friday on the third floor of downtown
Spokane's River Park Square mall.

The 300-square-foot Scoop Shop, located near the entrance of the Atrium Cafes,
offers more than 30 ice cream flavors and a variety of frozen drinks, smoothies,
ice cream cakes and other treats.

Founded in Vermont in 1978 by school pals Ben Cohen and Jerry Greenfield, Ben &
Jerry's has grown from a single shop to a multimillion dollar international
conglomerate known for social activism and corporate philanthropy.

The local store plans to support local nonprofit organizations with a number of
sponsorships and fund raisers, the company said.

Ben & Jerry's has five stores in the Puget Sound region.

EX-QWEST EXECUTIVE ENTERS GUILTY PLEA

DENVER

A former Qwest Communications executive accused in a $34 million fraud scheme
pleaded guilty Friday and agreed to help prosecutors, giving the government its
first victory in the criminal investigation of the telecommunications giant.

Grant Graham, 38, pleaded guilty to a felony count of accessory after the fact
to wire fraud with reckless indifference. Prosecutors dropped seven other
charges against the former chief financial officer of Qwest's global business
unit.

U.S. District Judge Robert Blackburn told Graham he could sentence him up to 30
months in prison. The plea deal, however, calls for a year of probation and a
$5,000 fine.

The case centers on the government's allegation that Qwest officials improperly
booked nearly $34 million in revenue during a 2001 deal to link Arizona schools
to the Internet.

After a seven-week trial, a jury last month acquitted Graham of three wire fraud
charges and deadlocked on three counts of wire fraud, three counts of securities
fraud, one count of conspiracy and one count of making a false statement.

UNITED RESCINDS ITS FUEL SURCHARGE

CHICAGO

United Airlines has ended the $10-per-round-trip fuel surcharge it began adding
to most North American fares this week after other competitors failed to follow
suit, the nation's No. 2 carrier said Friday.

United rescinded the extra charge Thursday night, a day after applying it in an
attempt to help pay for some of the whopping recent increases in jet fuel. It
withdrew the surcharge "to remain competitive," spokesman Jeff Green said.

WAMU'S SEATTLE SITE WILL SEE LAYOFFS

SEATTLE

Washington Mutual Inc. plans to lay off 170 workers from its downtown Seattle
headquarters and transfer those responsibilities to its facilities in California
and Florida.

Spokesman Adrian Rodriguez said most of the jobs being eliminated are in the
back-office support operations of the banking and financial services company's
commercial lending business.

Washington Mutual has eliminated thousands of positions so far this year as it
seeks to cut costs.

AMERICAN AIRLINES MAY REHIRE PILOTS

DALLAS

American Airlines says it plans next year to recall a portion of the 2,400
pilots it has laid off since 2001 to replace hundreds of retiring captains.

The number of pilots to be rehired is unclear. The airline says about 300 of its
10,000 pilots retire each year.

American, the biggest U.S. carrier, is expanding capacity by about 6 percent
this year. However, much of that is by replacing seats that had been removed to
make more legroom and won't increase demand for pilots.

TRUMP CASINO FIRM MAKES BOND PAYMENT

ATLANTIC CITY, N.J.

Donald Trump's financially troubled casino company has made good on a critical
$73.1 million bond payment just days before the end of a 30-day grace period.

The payment made Thursday night by Trump Hotels & Casino Resorts Inc. was due
May 1 on $1.3 billion in Trump Atlantic City Associates bonds. An agreement with
bondholders provided for the grace period.

Scott C. Butera, Trump executive vice president, said the company also paid
$594,000 extra in interest for exceeding the May 1 deadline.

Struggling under $1.8 billion in debt, Trump Hotels, which owns Trump Taj Mahal,
Trump Plaza and Trump Marina casinos here, has been unable to make capital
improvements at a time when many competitors have.

Trump has been negotiating a $400 million bailout with DLJ Merchant Banking III
Inc., a private equity arm of investment banker Credit Suisse First Boston.

Proposed terms of the bailout call for Trump to step down as chief executive
officer but remain as chairman of the company, which would be renamed Trump
International. In addition, Trump's ownership stake would be reduced from 56
percent to 20 percent.

DLJ is not expected to close on the deal until later this year.

TYPE: Briefs

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2004 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             730 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                             June 26, 2012 Tuesday

OHIO HEADLINES

SECTION: ; Pg. B7

LENGTH: 360 words


COLUMBUS

Ex-state trooper going to prison

A former State Highway Patrol trooper was sentenced Monday to 50 months in
federal prison for his role in a mortgage-fraud scheme in Franklin County.

Benjamin W. Richardson, 47, was a trooper for 23 years before being arrested
last year after a yearlong FBI investigation. He pleaded guilty in February to
five counts of mortgage fraud, two counts of bankruptcy fraud and one count of
witness tampering.

Richardson received at least $46,000 in kickbacks as part of the mortgage-fraud
conspiracy, which involved several other people. The loss to lenders for the
three properties Richardson bought and one he refinanced was $617,600.

U.S. District Judge Gregory L. Frost ordered Richardson to pay $617,600 in
restitution.

The witness-tampering charge resulted from Richardson's visit to an attorney
representing a drug dealer. Richardson claimed to be the dealer's brother and
tried to convince the attorney that his "brother" was dead.

TOLEDO

Agency lax in housing inspections

A state agency pledged to step up inspections after a newspaper found it failed
to regularly inspect low-income homes in Toledo that had received tax credits.

More than 100 of the 8,000 homes built in the city's poorest neighborhoods are
boarded up, burned out or damaged and have contributed to neighborhood decline
instead of renewal, the Toledo Blade reported.

The Ohio Housing Finance Agency failed to meet requirements that the homes be
inspected at least once every three years, the newspaper said. The agency blamed
its poor inspection record on its only Toledo employee, who was fired in May.

The agency will inspect all other tax-credit projects in Toledo, including
apartment buildings, by January.

AKRON

Zoo's new octopus chooses her name

The giant Pacific octopus that's the star attraction at the Akron Zoo's new reef
exhibit has chosen her name by pulling shrimp from a labeled ball.

A list of 2,200 suggestions submitted in a public naming contest was narrowed to
three options Monday for the 20-pound, 4-foot-long octopus, and she chose Cora.
It's a shortened version of coral, which is a popular octopus habitat and the
theme of the exhibit.

LOAD-DATE: June 26, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             731 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                            August 9, 2008 Saturday
                                  ALL EDITION

ACROSS THE STATE

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B05

LENGTH: 231 words


Man gets 10 years for role in mortgage fraud

ATLANTA - A Detroit man was sentenced Friday to 10 years in federal prison for
participating in a mortgage fraud scheme in the Atlanta area in 2001 and 2002.

U.S. District Judge Thomas W. Thrash also ordered Riley Graham, 42, to pay
$670,000 in restitution to lenders who were swindled.

Mr. Graham, who also has been sentenced to 20 years for taking part in a
Michigan drug ring, was convicted Feb. 13 of conspiracy, mail fraud, wire fraud
and money laundering.

Prosecutors say he and a partner fraudulently obtained a $1.3 million loan to
buy lots and assisted in the sale of houses to "straw buyers" based on prices
inflated by phony appraisals and other false documents.

Courthouse shooting trial to begin Sept. 22

ATLANTA - Opening arguments in the trial of courthouse shooting suspect Brian
Nichols are set for Sept. 22.

Superior Court Judge James Bodiford also said he expects the selection of 90
jurors for the pool to be completed by Aug. 28.

Mr. Nichols, who has pleaded not guilty by reason of insanity, could face the
death penalty for the March 2005 shooting spree that began in a downtown Atlanta
courthouse.

In other news

Two firefighters sustained minor injuries Thursday afternoon while trying to
rescue a driver who crashed her SUV into a store front in downtown Douglas, Ga.
The building sustained heavy damage.

- Edited from wire reports

LOAD-DATE: August 12, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: briefs

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2008 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             732 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    August 28, 1999, Saturday, Final Edition

CRIME & JUSTICE

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B02

LENGTH: 613 words



THE DISTRICT


Scheme Involves Bogus Officer, Police Say

D.C. police are warning residents to be wary after a fraud in which a man who
identified himself as a police officer stole cash and savings bonds from a woman
in the 4th District.

The man called the elderly woman on the telephone, said he was a police officer
and requested her help in catching counterfeiters at a local bank, police said.
A man arrived at her door minutes later. "He identified himself as a D.C. police
officer and flashed a gold badge and a smile," police said.

Believing that she was aiding a police investigation, the woman withdrew a
credit-card cash advance from a Maryland branch of a bank and then took out U.S.
savings bonds from a safety deposit box in a second branch, police said. When
the woman became suspicious after being asked for more money, the suspect left
her, saying he was going to "continue his investigation," police said.

Police asked anyone approached with a similar story to contact the financial
crimes and fraud unit at 202-727-4159.


MARYLAND


Man Pleads Guilty in Septic Tank Fraud

A former Maryland telemarketer admitted in U.S. District Court in Greenbelt
yesterday that he defrauded customers by marketing and selling a septic tank
cleaner that was actually store-bought fertilizer, officials said.

Steven A. Jacob pleaded guilty to one count each of conspiracy, mail fraud and
wire fraud, Maryland U.S. Attorney Lynne A. Battaglia announced.

In a statement of facts read in open court yesterday, Jacob admitted that he
defrauded customers of $ 800,000 to $ 2.5 million between 1988 and July 1996,
according to prosecutors. Jacob admitted his company made false and misleading
claims in printed marketing materials, such as saying that the product the
company sold, Septic-Kleenz, contained enzymes and bacteria and had been
approved for use in septic tanks by the Environmental Protection Agency,
prosecutors said.

Jacob said that the product was actually fertilizer purchased from hardware
stores, some of which had lime added, according to officials. Jacob and his
partners used post office boxes in College Park to receive payments from
customers in the Washington area, Pennsylvania and New York, according to court
records.

U.S. District Judge Alexander Williams Jr. scheduled sentencing for Nov. 22.
Jacob could be sentenced to five years in prison and a maximum fine of $ 250,000
for each count.


Arrest in Burtonsville Bank Robbery

A 26-year-old Montgomery County man has been arrested and charged with a holdup
at a Chevy Chase Bank branch in Burtonsville, Montgomery County police said
yesterday. They said Chuong Nguyen, of the 13500 block of Greencastle Boulevard,
was charged in a robbery Wednesday at the bank branch in the 15700 block of
Columbia Pike.

According to police, a man approached a teller, handed her a note demanding
money and fled after obtaining some.

Police said the arrest came after a bank employee obtained the tag of a vehicle
and officers stopped a car near Calverton Boulevard and Beltsville Road.


VIRGINIA


Man Charged With Raping Alexandria Girl

An 11-year-old Alexandria girl was sexually assaulted Thursday evening on a
path, and a 21-year-old man has been charged with rape, police said yesterday.

According to police, a man confronted the girl on the path about 6:50 p.m. and
forced her to the ground, they said.

The girl was treated at Inova Fairfax Hospital and released, police said.

Dagoberto Rodriguez, of the 2900 block of Sycamore Street in Alexandria, was
arrested after the girl ran home and gave an account to her parents, police
said.



LOAD-DATE: August 28, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1999 The Washington Post


                             733 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                    February 20, 1998, Friday, ALL EDITIONS

Another sentenced in Medicaid case

BYLINE: Andy Miller

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 08H; Pg. 08H

LENGTH: 295 words


The government's high-powered pursuit of health care fraud continues to pay off
in Georgia.

A third member of a Medicaid fraud scheme in metro Atlanta was sentenced this
week by a federal judge to three years in prison and ordered to pay $ 161,445 to
Medicaid.

Roy Kevin Lawson, 29, of Lithonia was the last of three co-defendants convicted
on conspiracy charges. Lawson also was convicted of mail fraud and money
laundering.

The federal-state Medicaid program covers more than 1 million low-income
Georgians. Federal and state authorities have launched a vigorous campaign
against fraud involving Medicaid and Medicare, the federal program for Americans
65 and older.

The federal indictment said Lawson, Wanda Arnold Cooper of Atlanta and Robert
James Newton of Lawrenceville submitted false claims of about $ 370,000 on
behalf of a Decatur company providing services to children who were Medicaid
patients.

In December, Cooper was sentenced to three years and ordered to pay $ 769,688 to
Medicaid. Cooper also ran a non-emergency transport company that defrauded
government programs of about $ 400,000, and engaged in money laundering,
indictments said.

Newton pleaded guilty to conspiracy in November and was sentenced to three
years' probation.

Separately, Michael Walton Schooler, 30, of Kennesaw pleaded guilty this week to
conspiracy in attempting to defraud Medicare.

Schooler, with co-defendant John Rolland Clark of Fayetteville, N.C., operated a
non-emergency medical transportation service in the Smyrna-Powder Springs area.
Schooler admitted his company submitted billings resulting in Medicare losses of
about $ 294,000. They included trips of Medicare recipients to dialysis centers
in which no transportation had been provided.

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Metro Final Today's News

                    Copyright 1998 The Atlanta Constitution


                             734 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                   Inland Valley Daily Bulletin (Ontario, CA)

                              July 9, 2004 Friday

Adelphia fraud case ends in mistrial

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 502 words


NEW YORK - The fraud case against former Adelphia Communications Corp.
operations chief Michael Rigas ended in a mistrial Friday, with the jury
deadlocked on 17 counts against him.

Jurors were dismissed after telling a federal judge theycould not reach a
consensus on 15 counts of securities fraud and two counts of bank fraud. Rigas
was acquitted of conspiracy and wire fraud charges a day earlier.

The mistrial came a day after Rigas' father, 79-year-oldAdelphia founder John
Rigas, and his brother, former chief financial officer Timothy Rigas, were
convicted of conspiracy, bank fraud and securities fraud. Jury deliberates Tyco
lawyer's fate

NEW YORK - A jury began deliberating the fate ofMark Belnick, Tyco
International's former top lawyer, after hearing the judge's final instructions
Friday on charges of grand larceny, securities fraud and falsifying business
records.

Belnick, 57, has been on trial in Manhattan's state SupremeCourt for the past
nine weeks, accused of stealing $17 million by accepting an illegal bonus and of
abusing Tyco's loan programs by borrowing nearly $15 million he was not entitled
to.

After sending the 12 main jurors to deliberate, JusticeMichael Obus told the
three alternate jurors to remain available in a separate room. The judge said
one of the main jurors had a potential scheduling conflict and might have to be
replaced. GE second-quarter earnings rise

NEW HAVEN, Conn. - General Electric Co.'ssecond-quarter earnings rose 3 percent,
narrowly beating Wall Street expectations as revenue climbed 11 percent, the
company said Friday.

Chairman and chief executive Jeff Immelt said orders werestrong and added, "this
is the best economy we've seen in years."

The Fairfield-based industrial, financial services and mediaconglomerate said it
earned $3.9 billion, or 38 cents a share, in the three months ended June 30, up
from $3.8 billion, or 38 cents a share, a year ago.

Analysts surveyed by Thomson First Call expected earnings of37 cents a share.

Revenue rose to $37.0 billion from $33.4 billion a year ago.

Orders continue to be strong, growing at 13 percent withservice orders up 29
percent, Immelt said. Marlboro agrees to pay EU $1.25B

BRUSSELS, Belgium - The maker of Marlboro cigarettesagreed Friday to pay $1.25
billion to help the European Union combat smuggling and counterfeiting - and to
end years of legal wrangling over a black market that both sides say costs them
hundreds of millions of dollars annually.

The EU's head office hailed the deal with Philip MorrisInternational, the
largest payment it has ever extracted from a single company, as a landmark that
could be copied by other tobacco giants threatened with litigation.

The goal is to wipe out illegal sales of black marketcigarettes - sometimes
genuine but these days usually counterfeit - that deprive manufacturers of sales
and governments of tax revenue while generating profits for organized crime or
even terror groups.

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2004 Valley Daily Bulletin


                             735 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 7, 2015 Thursday

Arizona: Six Defendants Convicted in Mortgage Fraud Scheme After 12-Day Trial

LENGTH: 469  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Justice has issued the following news release:

SACRAMENTO, CA--After a 12-day trial, a federal jury today found six defendants
guilty of all counts of wire fraud in connection with a mortgage fraud scheme,
United States Attorney Benjamin B. Wagner announced.

Irina Markevich, 30, of Rio Linda; Anatoliy Markevich, 35, of Sacramento; and
Marina Pukhkan, 53, of Rio Linda, were each convicted of two counts of wire
fraud. Daniil Markevich, 38; his wife Svetlana Markevich, 38, both of Escondido;
and Alex Markevich, 40, of Rio Linda, were each convicted on one count of wire
fraud.

According to evidence presented at trial, between February 2007 and March 2008,
the defendants each obtained home loans using fraudulent loan applications and
related documents that contained false information about their income, assets,
bank accounts, and intent to occupy the residences. The proceeds of the fraud
scheme were derived from inflated purchase prices and payments for fake
construction work that never in fact took place.

All together the defendants obtained over $5 million in home loans for six
properties in Roseville, Sacramento, and West Sacramento, and then made only
between three and six payments before letting the loans go into default.
Although their loan applications claimed that they individually made
approximately $190,000 to $426,000 per year, the defendants' tax returns showed
that they actually made only between about $3,000 and $22,000 in 2007, the year
they purchased the homes.

Each of the properties purchased by the defendants was foreclosed upon within
about one year of the purchase date. For acting as straw buyers in this mortgage
fraud scheme, the defendants were collectively compensated hundreds of thousands
of dollars and purchased such things as a Lincoln Navigator and a limousine with
the proceeds. The total fraud proceeds to them, other family members, and other
participants in the scheme was in excess of $700,000.

This case is the product of an investigation by the Federal Bureau of
Investigation and the Internal Revenue Service--Criminal Investigation.
Assistant United States Attorney Christopher S. Hales and Special Assistant
United States Attorney E. Kate Patchen are prosecuting the case.

All of the defendants are scheduled to be sentenced by United States District
Judge John A. Mendez on August 11, 2015. Each defendant faces a maximum
statutory penalty of 20 years in prison and a $250,000 fine on each count of
conviction. The actual sentence, however, will be determined at the discretion
of the court after consideration of any applicable statutory factors and the
Federal Sentencing Guidelines, which take into account a number of variables.


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             736 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  July 1, 1997, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

U.S. Charges Art Dealer With $2.5 Million Fraud

BYLINE: By BENJAMIN WEISER

SECTION: Section B; Page 3; Column 5; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 758 words


Todd Michael Volpe, a well-known New York art dealer who later moved to
California and advised Hollywood celebrities on building their collections, was
arrested yesterday on Federal charges that he systematically defrauded his
clients of more than $2.5 million in art deals before filing for bankruptcy two
years ago.

The United States Attorney's office in Manhattan unsealed a 38-count indictment
that accused Mr. Volpe, 48, of more than a dozen fraudulent schemes aimed at
auction houses and prominent people in the movie business. The actor Jack
Nicholson, who became a business partner with Mr. Volpe in an art investment
fund, was among those defrauded, according to documents and interviews.

In some cases, Mr. Volpe sold fraudulent or counterfeit works, according to the
indictment, which charges him with 38 counts of wire fraud and mail fraud. In
other cases, he sold artwork that belonged to his clients but took the money
himself, or borrowed money against the value of artwork that was not his.

In several deals involving Mr. Nicholson, Mr. Volpe sold paintings and a $25,000
Aston Martin car that he owned jointly with the actor, but never told Mr.
Nicholson and kept the proceeds. The indictment said that Mr. Volpe used the
money "to finance his extravagant life style."

"What happened was that he moved to California and got into the California life
style, which was above his means, and you rob Peter to pay Paul," said Robert
Colbert, Mr. Nicholson's business manager. "And all of a sudden it fell apart on
him."

"Jack appreciated his eye when it came to 20th century art, and he bought a lot
of stuff from him," Mr. Colbert said.

Mr. Volpe became prominent in the mid-1970's when he and his cousin, Vance
Jordan, opened a SoHo art gallery that helped popularize the American arts and
crafts movement of the early 1900's.

"He was a brilliant salesman and he really convinced people that the arts and
crafts movement was a legitimate movement," said Mr. Jordan, who said Mr. Volpe
was no longer associated with the Jordan-Volpe gallery in New York.

"He was extremely helpful to me when I first began collecting," said the
Hollywood producer Joel Silver, who often visited Mr. Volpe and the gallery. "It
was like going to a museum where everything was for sale. Most of the very great
objects went through his hands."

The indictment says Mr. Volpe's fraudulent schemes did not begin until after he
went to California in 1986, where he became a kind of "art adviser" to people
like Mr. Silver, Mr. Nicholson, Barbra Streisand and Bruce Willis, according to
a 1991 article in The Los Angeles Times.

Prosecutors said that Mr. Volpe's schemes involved paintings by Salvador Dali
and Andrew Wyeth, as well as sculptures, vases, Tiffany lamps and pottery. In
one case, he sold a Thomas Hart Benton sculpture, called "Forward Pass," to the
Hollywood producers Kathleen Kennedy and her husband, Frank Marshall, associates
of Steven Spielberg, for about $83,000.

Ms. Kennedy and Mr. Marshall collect artwork from between the World Wars, the
indictment said, and Mr. Volpe contended that Forward Pass was cast at that
time, when in fact it was not cast until 1970, the indictment said.

When the producers demanded their money back, Mr. Volpe could not pay and
devised a scheme in which he said he would resell the work and then give them a
refund.

"We quickly discovered that this was a giant Ponzi scheme involving works of
art," said Douglas T. Tabachnik, a lawyer for Ms. Kennedy and Mr. Marshall, who
are among those who have sued Mr. Volpe.

The indictment also states that Mr. Volpe went into business in 1986 with a
client who is not named in the indictment but who Mr. Colbert confirmed was Mr.
Nicholson. Mr. Nicholson provided $610,000 for an investment fund, which would
buy and sell artwork and split the profits, 60 percent for Mr. Nicholson and 40
percent for Mr. Volpe.

Mr. Volpe could not be reached for comment yesterday, and a lawyer who has
represented him in bankruptcy proceedings in New York refused to discuss the
case.

He returned to Manhattan around 1993 and in 1995, filed for protection under the
bankruptcy laws. He has been the object of a number of lawsuits by creditors,
which include some of the people whom prosecutors accuse him of defrauding,
according to private lawyers involved in the bankruptcy litigation.

Mr. Volpe has been living in New Hampshire, where he was arrested yesterday,
according to Federal authorities. He was released on $100,000 personal
recognizance bond.

LOAD-DATE: July 1, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Todd Michael Volpe, involved in deals bringing him $2.5 million.

                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company


                             737 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                  NOVEMBER 3, 2004 Wednesday ST. PAUL EDITION

FEDERAL JUDGE CLEARS WAY FOR RETRIAL OF RIGAS

BYLINE: From wire reports

SECTION: BUSINESS; NATIONAL; Pg. C2

LENGTH: 332 words


A federal judge declined to dismiss securities-fraud charges against former
Adelphia Communications Corp. executive Michael Rigas, whose criminal trial
ended last July with a deadlocked jury. Monday's ruling paves the way for the
Manhattan U.S. Attorney's office to retry Rigas on securities-fraud charges.
Rigas was on trial for nearly five months earlier this year with his father,
Adelphia founder John Rigas, his brother, former Chief Financial Officer Timothy
Rigas, and a fourth former executive. John and Timothy Rigas were convicted of
conspiracy, bank fraud and securities fraud in July. Prosecutors accused them of
orchestrating an accounting fraud that concealed more than $2 billion in debt
and drove the cable company into bankruptcy protection. All four defendants were
acquitted of wire fraud, and former executive Michael Mulcahey was acquitted on
all counts.

Martha Stewart Living revises loss report

Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia Inc. has filed amended statements with the
Securities and Exchange Commission to reflect a restatement of its loss for the
first half of the year. Monday's filings confirmed the company's previous
estimate for the restatement. Martha Stewart Living said its net loss was $37.3
million, or 75 cents a share, for the six months ended June 30, compared with
the loss of $39.6 million, or 80 cents a share, initially reported. The New
York-based media company restated because it changed its accounting policy for
subscription acquisition costs in the third quarter. In filings made with the
SEC on Tuesday, Martha Stewart Living said it expects to finish 2004 with cash
and investments of $130 million.

BRIEFLY

Sherry Lansing will leave her post as chairwoman of Viacom Inc.'s Paramount
Pictures at the end of next year when her contract expires. ... Air Jamaica
executive David A. Banmiller was named the new president and chief executive of
Aloha Airgroup Inc., the Honolulu-based parent company of Aloha Airlines.

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Ben Fogletto, Associated Press

Striking casino-hotel workers celebrated Monday night after receiving word of a
contract agreement that signals an end to a bitter, month-long walkout -- the
longest in Atlantic City casino history. The union representing about 10,000
striking bartenders, cocktail servers, housekeepers and other service employees
approved the five-year deal late Monday. It calls for significant gains in wages
and benefits and guards against the casinos' practice of leasing space to
non-union restaurants and bars.

                     Copyright 2004 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             738 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                           January 29, 1998, Thursday

Group lists top 10 fraud cases of 1997

BYLINE: BY MARGO D. BELLER

SECTION: INSURANCE; Pg. 5A

LENGTH: 641 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


Craig Rabinowitz, a latex glove salesman, claimed someone broke in and strangled
his wife Stefanie, a Philadelphia lawyer.

But when he tried to collect on her $1.5 million life insurance policy, bought
only the month before, a suspicious insurance company started investigating and
eventually the police found Mr. Rabinowitz had killed his wife.

Mr. Rabinowitz needed the money to recover from a failed pyramid scheme. He had
also spent about $100,000 on an exotic dancer named Summer, according to the
police who busted him.

SERVING LIFE TERM

His arrest landed him a life term in prison. It also put him on the Coalition
against Insurance Fraud's annual list of the 10 worst frauds of the year.

""Like Ann Landers says, you can't make this stuff up,'' said Michael E. Diegel,
a spokesman for the Washington coalition of insurance, law enforcement and
regulatory group.

However, he noted the Rabinowitz case points out the continuing problem of
insurance fraud.

The latest industry estimate of insurance fraud has the problem at $85.3 billion
as of 1995, the last year for which there is complete data. That estimate is an
increase from $79.9 billion in 1994.

""You start to see the same things over and over again,'' Mr. Diegel said. "
"You say to yourself, where's it going to end?''

NICE PIECE OF CHANGE

But even a hardened observer like Mr. Diegel said he was surprised by the most
outrageous health fraud on the list involving two Oradell, N.J., chiropractors.
They allegedly bilked the state's auto insurance system of $40 million.

While neither will go to jail on the criminal fraud charge for ordering
unnecessary treatment and tests for 5,000 patients (lack of evidence helped them
avoid an indictment), they will have to pay a $750,000 civil fine, give up their
medical licenses and stop their plans to pursue an additional $40 million in
claims.

""What's amazing is the number (the $40 million) and the fact that they had
another $40 million in pending claims,'' Mr. Diegel said.

And then there is the case of Gregory Brown, 19, who torched the family
apartment so he and his mother could collect $20,000 to use to buy their own
home. Unfortunately, three firefighters were killed. Mr. Brown is in jail for
life.

Other notable frauds of 1997 include:

* Martin Bramson, who was captured abroad and pleaded guilty for a string of
frauds in New Jersey and Maryland that sold bogus medical malpractice policies.

* The arrest of Isidro Gomex Medina and Griselda Bojorquez who staged a series
of accidents in California and Arizona. One that took place in February on the
Los Angeles freeway caused the death of a family of three.

NO WAY TO OPERATE

* Dr. Arthur Graff, who first sank his 46-foot yacht in Long Island Sound, then
torched his 2.4 acre estate in Scranton, N.C., both for the insurance money.
Both claims were denied and the plastic surgeon was found guilty of grand
larceny.

* A Lakewood, Calif., woman who filed a $967,000 claim on her husband, who
allegedly died while visiting Pakistan. He hadn't. A later $100,000 claim
triggered an investigation that found the husband had taken on a new identity.

* California insurance agent Ronald Loetz, who collected $6 million from
customers for health insurance and then put the money into his own health
insurance company, which failed. He was convicted in federal court.

* Florida regulators shut down a south Florida businessman after allegations he
masterminded a scheme to finance mostly non-existent workers compensation
policies. In 10 months he collected $28 million.

And finally:

* Irwin Bransky, chief executive at a software distributor, who allegedly
decided to use a severe earthquake as an excuse to destroy unmarketable
merchandise. He received $840,000 of a $5 million claim before an employee blew
the whistle.

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1998 Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                             739 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                October 13, 1986

Warner Charged with Fraud;
FEDERAL INDICTMENT TOUGHER

BYLINE: By SHARON MOLONEY, NTN Correspondent

SECTION: Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1048 words

DATELINE: CINCINNATI


New Federal indictments of conspiracy and fraud against former Home State
Savings Bank owner Marvin Warner and former president Burton Bongard go much
farther than charges brought earlier by the state Hamilton County grand jury.

The state grand jury charged Messrs. Warner and Bongard with willful
misapplication of funds, but did not charge them with fraud.

The most recent Federal charges, however, handed down by a U.S. grand jury in
Cincinnati indicted Mr. Warner on 16 counts of wire fraud, in addition to
conspiracy and two counts of causing interstate movement of money taken by fraud
.

Maximum sentences on the fraud charges alone total more than 100 years, if the
66-year-old Mr. Warner is convicted.  In addition, fines could total over $ 1
million.

Mr. Bongard, 45, faces almost as stiff a sentence, if convicted, on indictments
of 13 wire fraud counts, two interstate money movement fraud counts, and
conspiracy.

The two have said repeatedly they are the main victims of the 1985 collapse of
Home State.  They have said they did not know E.S.M. Government Securities, of
Fort Lauderdale, Fla., where they funneled Home State depositors' money, was
insolvent.  They claim they were duped by phony audits of the firm.

That's not how the Federal grand jury saw it, however.  It charged the two
engaged in conspiracy and fraud for the way they invested Home State assets in
the firm.

According to the indictment, in the early 1980's, Home State was suffering the
effects of a mismatch between the high interest rates it offered to depositors
and the relatively low yield it was receiving on its investments, primarily
long-term mortgages.

Faced with this, the grand jury said, Messrs. Warner and Bongard transferred
Home State assets, derived from depositors' funds, to E.S.M. in order to obtain
for Home State funds and other benefits fraudulently generated by E.S.M.

"At the same time, these investments enabled E.S.M. to conceal massive losses it
had incurred and to postpone its eventual collapse," the indictment says.

Messrs. Warner and Bongard, the grand jury charges, moved more than $ 124
million across state lines to E.S.M. in 28 fund transfers between January, 1980
and March, 1985 with the intent to defraud Home State depositors, debenture
holders, the private Ohio Deposit Guarantee Fund, which insured 70 Ohio thrifts,
and the Ohio Division of Savings and Loans.

The pair, according to the indictments, told depositors and debenture holders
that Home State was sound while shifting their money to the failing Florida
securities firm.

They also convicted depositors to keep their money in Home State, and prevented
effective examination and regulation by the ODGF and the state Savings and Loan
Division, by "falsely representing and concealing the true nature of the home
State-E.S.M., relationship,"

The scheme was designed to make money while keeping E.S.M. afloat, the grand
jury said, but E.S.M. collapsed anyway, taking Home State with it.  Home State
lost $ 143.9 million, and its collapse triggered a run on and the temporary
closing of 69 other ODGF-insured Ohio thrifts.

The $ 124 million allegedly moved across state lines in specific counts in the
indictment is only part of the total fund transfers to E.S.M.

According to the grand jury, Messrs. Warner and Bongard actually pumped more
than $ 80 million of Home State's assets and $ 100 million from Warner-owned
American Savings of Miami into E.S.M. to help conceal its massive losses.  They
also allegedly transferred $ 84 million in fraudulently inflated collateral from
E.S.M. to Home State.

Mr. Warner also channeled $ 5 million and Mr. Bongard $ 3 million from
individual trading accounts at E.S.M. for personal gain, disguising the
transfers as securities transactions, according to the grand jury.

In extensive detail, the grand jury indictments trace the alleged financial
dealings between Home State's officers and E.S.M. from 1980 through 1986.  The
dealings include:

* Feb. 1981-Mr. Bongard allegedly conceals an action in which E.S.M. converts $
3.1 million of Home State's money to its own use; then directs Home State to
reinvest $ 47 million into E.S.M. in June, 1981 and another $ 56 million a year
later.

* Oct. 1982-E.S.M. allegedly makes a $ 78,000 payment on Mr. Bongard's behalf
and more than $ 940,000 on Mr. Warner's behalf to third parties.

* April-June 1983-Home State invests $ 53 million in equity with E.S.M.

* Oct. 6, 1983-Mr. Bongard receives $ 50,000 from E.S.M. allegedly disguised and
concealed as profits from a security transaction.

* Dec. 15, 1983-E.S.M. pays Mr. Warner $ 3.7 million in benefits regarding
trading losses with E.S.M.

* March 14, 1984-E.S.M. grants Home State a fixed interest rate on certain
transactions.  Two months earlier, Mr. Warner's American Savings enters a $ 1
billion transaction with E.S.M.

* Sept. 28, 1984-Mr. Warner has E.S.M. liquidate $ 80 million in U.S. Treasury
bills.

* Dec. 12, 1984-Mr. Bongard closes his personal account at E.S.M.

* Jan. 28, 1985-Mr. Warner closes his account, transferring $ 4.8 million from
the account.

* March 4, 1985-E.S.M. collapses.  Home State closes four days later.

The Federal charges in Cincinnati are believed to be the final round in
indictments from both state and Federal grand jury investigations in both Ohio
and Florida.

Arraignments on the Federal charges are scheduled for Oct. 21 before U.S.
District Judge Charles Joiner, of Ann Arbor, Mich., who is handling all Home
State-E.S.M. matters in Ohio and who will sit in Cincinnati.

No trial date has been set for the Federal charges, but Messrs. Warner, Bongard
and former Home State president David Schiebel are scheduled to go on trial on
state indictments Nov. 17.

Mr. Warner is charged with 45 counts of misapplication of funds; four counts of
securities violations and one count of theft.  Mr. Bongard and Mr. Schiebel are
also charged with multiple counts of misapplication of funds and securities
violations.

Mr. Warner's attorney, however, who has claimed Mr. Warner cannot get a fair
trial in Hamilton County or any county nearby, said the new Federal indictments,
handed down less than two months before the scheduled trial, simply add to the
difficulties of getting a fair trial jury.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1986 National Thrift News, Inc.


                             740 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       The Metropolitan Corporate Counsel

                   June, 1999 GREATER NEW YORK METRO EDITION

Morgan Lewis Attorneys Present Program On Asset Recovery

SECTION: CORPORATE COUNSEL ORGANIZATION HIGHLIGHTS; Pg. 55

LENGTH: 324 words


A discussion of the essential considerations for the successful recovery of
assets after fraud involving domestic and international jurisdictions was the
subject of a Morgan, Lewis & Bockius seminar at the firm's offices in New York
City on April 27.

The program was led by litigation partner Joseph P. Cyr and featured John Wood,
special counsel in the litigation section of the firm's London office and the
former director of the Serious Fraud Office in London and Public Prosecutions in
Hong Kong. Also speaking were Robert A. Goldspink, litigation partner in London;
William H. Schrag, partner in the Financial Restructuring Practice Group in New
York, and David Stoelting, litigation associate in New York.

The program presented an overview of asset recovery, emphasizing the immediate
and basic steps that should be taken after a fraud, the implications and
considerations when a fraud involves bankruptcy, and the advantages and
disadvantages of a criminal and civil pursuit of fraud in the United Kingdom.

Materials of more than 100 pages supported these discussions and provided
further discussion of corporate internal investigations and investigations of
economic espionage and suspicious activity at banks.

Mr. Wood's discussion of the advantages and disadvantages of a criminal
investigation of fraud highlighted the program. Mr. Wood has had a long career
as a prosecutor of fraud in the United Kingdom. As the former Director of Public
Prosecutions in Hong Kong, he successfully prosecuted the largest fraud case in
Hong Kong's history. He also founded the Serious Fraud Office in London, where
from 1987 to 1990 he supervised all major fraud investigations in England, Wales
and Northern Ireland.

The program, co-sponsored by The Metropolitan Corporate Counsel, was attended by
more than 80 lawyers. It provided two professional practice/practice management
credits toward the New York State MCLE requirement.

LOAD-DATE: June 5, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo, Joseph P. Cyr; Photo, John Wood

            Copyright 1999 The Metropolitan Corporate Counsel, Inc.


                             741 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 23, 2016 Thursday

Philadelphia Congressman and Associates Convicted in Corruption Case

LENGTH: 1196  words

DATELINE: New York



 Office of Public Affairs Department of Justice has issued the following news
release:



  A federal jury sitting in Philadelphia found Congressman Chaka Fattah Sr., 59,
guilty of all charges against him.  Fattah and three of his four associates were
found guilty of taking part in a racketeering conspiracy involving several
schemes that were intended to further their political and financial interests by
misappropriating federal, charitable and campaign funds, among other schemes.





 Fattah, Robert Brand, 70, of Philadelphia; Karen Nicholas, 58, of Williamstown,
New Jersey; and Herbert Vederman, 70, of Palm Beach, Florida, were found guilty
of participating in a racketeering conspiracy.  Fattah was also found guilty of
conspiracy to commit bribery, bribery, conspiracy to commit wire fraud,
conspiracy to commit honest services fraud, mail fraud, money laundering
conspiracy, money laundering, bank fraud, false statements to a financial
institution, six counts of mail fraud and five counts of falsification of
records.



 Vederman was also convicted of conspiracy to commit bribery, bribery, bank
fraud, making false statements to the Credit Union Mortgage Association,
falsification of records and two counts of money laundering.



 Brand was also convicted of conspiracy to commit wire fraud.



 Nicholas was also convicted of conspiracy to commit wire fraud, two counts of
wire fraud and two counts of falsification of records.



 Bonnie Bowser, 60, of Philadelphia, was acquitted of racketeering conspiracy
but convicted of conspiracy to commit bribery, bank fraud, making false
statements to the Credit Union Mortgage Association, falsification of records
and money laundering.



 U.S. District Court Judge Harvey Bartle III of the Eastern District of
Pennsylvania scheduled sentencing hearings for Oct. 4, 2016, for Fattah,
Vederman and Brand; and Oct. 5, 2016, for Nicholas and Bowser.



 Assistant Attorney General Leslie R. Caldwell of the Justice Department's
Criminal Division, U.S. Attorney Zane David Memeger of the Eastern District of
Pennsylvania, Special Agent in Charge William F. Sweeney Jr. of the FBI's
Philadelphia Division and Special Agent in Charge Akeia Conner of the Internal
Revenue Service-Criminal Investigation (IRS-CI) Philadelphia Field Office
announced today's verdict.



 "Congressman Fattah corruptly abused his office for his own personal and
political gain," said Assistant Attorney General Caldwell.  "He took bribes,
committed fraud and even stole money from his own campaigns.  In short,
Congressman Fattah and his co-defendants deprived the people of eastern
Pennsylvania of their right to the honest services of their elected
representative.  Today's convictions should send a message that the Justice
Department will vigorously investigate and prosecute political corruption
wherever it takes place, and uphold the principles of honesty and integrity that
are the foundation of our government."



 "Chaka Fattah Sr. and his co-defendants betrayed the public trust and
undermined our faith in government," said U.S. Attorney Memeger.  "Today's
verdict makes clear that the citizens of the Eastern District of Pennsylvania
expect their public officials to act with honesty and integrity, and to not sell
their office for personal gain.  Hopefully, our elected officials in
Philadelphia and elsewhere hear today's message loud and clear."



 "The corruption demonstrated by Congressman Fattah and his co-defendants is yet
another sad example of the type of behavior that corrodes citizens' faith in
their government," said Special Agent in Charge Sweeney.  "The FBI is firmly
committed to ensuring that public officials and their co-conspirators who choose
to use their positions for personal gain rather than provide the honest services
the community rightly expects will be investigated and brought to justice.  The
community deserves nothing less."



 "Convictions, like the one returned against these five defendants today, send a
loud and clear message that people who willfully defy the law will be fully
investigated, prosecuted and subjected to the full punishment of the law for
their actions," said Special Agent in Charge Conner.



 According to the evidence presented at trial, Fattah and certain associates
borrowed $1 million from a wealthy supporter for his failed 2007 campaign for
mayor of Philadelphia, and disguised the funds as a loan to a consulting
company.  After he lost the election, Fattah returned to the donor $400,000 that
the campaign had not used and arranged for Educational Advancement Alliance
(EAA), a non-profit entity that Fattah founded and controlled, to repay the
remaining $600,000 using charitable and federal grant funds that passed through
two other companies, including one run by Brand.  To conceal the contribution
and repayment scheme, the defendants and others created sham contracts and made
false entries in accounting records, tax returns and campaign finance disclosure
statements.



 Following his defeat, Fattah also sought to extinguish approximately $130,000
in campaign debt owed to a political consultant by agreeing to arrange for the
award of federal grant funds to the consultant.  Fattah directed the consultant
to apply for a $15 million grant (which ultimately he did not receive) on behalf
of a then-non-existent non-profit entity.  In exchange for Fattah's efforts to
arrange the award, the consultant agreed to forgive the campaign debt.



 In addition, Fattah misappropriated funds from his mayoral and congressional
campaigns to repay his son's student loan debt.  To execute the scheme, Fattah
arranged for his campaigns to make payments to a political consulting company,
which funds the company then used to lessen Fattah's son's student loan debt.
Between 2007 and 2011, the consultant made 34 successful loan payments on behalf
of Fattah's son, totaling approximately $23,000.



 Beginning in 2008, Fattah communicated with individuals in the legislative and
executive branches in an effort to secure for Vederman an ambassadorship or an
appointment to the U.S. Trade Commission.  In exchange, Vederman provided money
and other items of value to Fattah.  As part of this scheme, the defendants
sought to conceal an $18,000 bribe payment from Vederman to Fattah by disguising
it as a payment for a sham car sale.



 Nicholas was found guilty of obtaining $50,000 in federal grant funds that she
falsely claimed would be used by EAA to support a conference on higher
education.  Instead, Nicholas used the grant funds to pay $20,000 to a political
consultant, $10,000 to her attorney and write several checks to herself from
EAA's operating account.



 The FBI and IRS-CI investigated the case.  The Justice Department's Office of
the Inspector General, the NASA Office of Inspector General and the Department
of Commerce's Office of Inspector General.  Assistant U.S. Attorney Paul L. Gray
of the Eastern District of Pennsylvania and Trial Attorneys Eric L. Gibson and
Jonathan Kravis of the Criminal Division's Public Integrity Section are
prosecuting the case.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: June 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             742 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                            November 3, 2009 Tuesday

Businessman accused in massive fraud getting a divorce

BYLINE: By Tom Harvey The Salt Lake Tribune

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 388 words


Provo » Rick Koerber, the Utah County businessman accused of running a huge real
estate fraud, and wife Michelle are divorcing.

The Koerbers filed a joint petition and accompanying documents late last month,
waived a 90-day waiting period and are waiting a judge's signature to finalize
the divorce, according to 4th District Court records in Provo.

Koerber declined to comment Tuesday except to confirm that "Michelle and I are
finishing up an uncontested divorce."

Koerber is facing fraud and tax-evasion charges in federal court in Salt Lake
City. He's accused of enticing investors into his real estate investment
operations grouped around FranklinSquires Cos. The May indictment alleges that
about half of at least $100 million of investor money was used to make payments
to other investors in what prosecutors say was a Ponzi scheme.

Koerber vigorously denies the allegations and intends to contest them in court.

Michelle Koerber also declined comment Tuesday on the divorce when reached by
telephone. But later, after speaking to Koerber, she called back to say she will
continue to support her husband and believes in his innocence.

"I support him 100 percent in this fight he's making," she said. "I claim that
he's innocent. I think that he's innocent. I'd stand up for him in a heartbeat."

Rick Koerber, too, said he expects Michelle will continue to support him.

The couple were married in 1999 in Colorado and have three children, ages 4 and
under.

In their petition to the court, the couple agreed to share custody of the
children but with Rick Koerber having physical custody and Michelle to have
substantial time with them.

No alimony was sought.

Rick Koerber claimed an income of $3,250 a month from KF Reserve LLC and Western
States Restaurants LLC. Both are companies in which he apparently has an
ownership interest.

According to Department of Commerce records, KF Reserve is the successor company
of Franklin Squires Investments, a company registered in 2003 by the Koerbers.

In registration documents filed with the state in July, Michelle Koerber and
Jewel Kimber Skousen, an employee of Rick Koerber's Free Capitalist Project, are
listed as managers of Western States Restaurants. Michelle Koerber, however, was
removed as a manager in an Oct. 12 filing, 10 days before the couple filed for
divorce.

tharvey@strib.com

LOAD-DATE: November 8, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Rick Koerber and wife Michelle hold hands as they leave the Federal
Courthouse in mid-June after Rick Koerber was ar­raigned on a federal criminal
indictment that charges he ran a large fraud operation in Utah County that took
in at at least $100 million from investors. On the left is Jewel Kimber
Sk­ousen, an employee of Koerber's Free Capitalist Project.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             743 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Erie Times-News (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              May 23, 2014 Friday

Another Nigerian defendant added in federal wire fraud case

BYLINE: Lisa Thompson, Erie Times-News, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 343 words


May 23--Another Nigerian man has been indicted amid the ongoing investigation of
an identity theft ring that caused millions of dollars in losses.

A new indictment has been unsealed in U.S. District Court in Erie accusing
Michael Idowu Olugbade, of Brownsburg, Ind., of one felony count of conspiracy
to commit wire fraud.

According to court records, an arrest warrant has been issued and the U.S.
Attorney's Office is seeking to hold Olugbade in prison while awaiting further
court proceedings.

It was not immediately clear whether Olugbade has been taken into custody.

No court date has been set for an initial appearance or detention hearing.

The indictment accuses Olugbade of taking part in the scheme with co-defendants
Doherty Kushimo, 52, of Providence, R.I.; Saburi Adeyemi, 56, of Memphis, Tenn.;
and Abiodun Bakre, 49, Adetunji Gbadegeshi, 57, and Adebola Mejule, 54, all of
New York -- who are accused of conspiring to commit wire fraud. Kushimo and
Bakre also face charges of aggravated identity theft.

The case was filed in Erie because staff at Erie's Widget Financial detected
suspected fraudulent attempts to open accounts and alerted the FBI in 2012. No
local accounts were compromised, but Widget's tip triggered a nationwide
investigation and the indictments.

The government says the defendants stole victims' identification information and
used it to open bank and credit card accounts and file about 2,400 fraudulent
federal tax returns that cost the U.S. Treasury an estimated $10 million, some
of which was funneled to Nigeria.

Authorities have said that the investigation by the FBI and the IRS' criminal
investigations unit remains ongoing and that the losses are expected to reach
tens of millions of dollars, particularly once the investigation of the
fraudulent credit card activity is complete.

LISA THOMPSON can be reached at 870-1802 or by e-mail. Follow her on Twitter at
twitter.com/ETNthompson.

___ (c)2014 the Erie Times-News (Erie, Pa.) Visit the Erie Times-News (Erie,
Pa.) at www.GoErie.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: May 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140523-EI-Another-Nigerian-defendant-added-in-federal-wire-fraud
-case-0523-20140523

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EI


                         Copyright 2014 Erie Times-News


                             744 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 27, 2015 Friday

Arizona: Former Rowan County Couple Sentenced on Fraud Charges in Connection
with Disappearance of Child

LENGTH: 373  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Justice has issued the following news releae:

GREENSBORO, NC--A former Rowan County couple was sentenced on fraud charges
today, according to Ripley Rand, United States Attorney for the Middle District
of North Carolina.

Sandy Wade Parsons, 41, and Casey Stone Parsons, 40, were sentenced by United
States District Judge Thomas D. Schroeder in Winston-Salem, North Carolina.
Sandy Parsons was sentenced to 96 months in prison; three years' supervised
release; $14,062.00 in restitution; and a special assessment of $4,300.00. Casey
Parsons was sentenced to 120 months in prison; three years' supervised release;
$41,814.00 in restitution; and a special assessment of $1,500.00.

Sandy Parsons was found guilty of forty-three federal fraud charges after a
trial in October 2014. The charges included one count of conspiracy to defraud
the government, one count of aggravated identity theft, one count of false
statement to a government agency, twenty counts of theft of government funds,
and twenty counts of mail fraud.

Casey Parsons pleaded guilty on October 1, 2014, to one count of conspiracy to
defraud the government, five counts of mail fraud, five counts of aiding in the
preparation of a false tax return, four counts of wire fraud, and one count of
aggravated identity theft.

"The investigation and prosecution of this case has been a shining example of
effective inter-agency cooperation," said United States Attorney Rand. "We would
like to thank our partners in the FBI, IRS, Social Security, North Carolina SBI,
and Rowan County Sheriff's Department for their work in making sure that Casey
and Sandy Parsons were held accountable for the fraud they committed in
connection with the disappearance of Erica Parsons."

The Casey Parsons and Sandy Parsons cases were investigated by the Rowan County
Sheriff's Office, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, Internal Revenue Service,
Criminal Investigation, the Social Security Administration, and the North
Carolina State Bureau of Investigation. The Casey Parsons and Sandy Parsons
cases were prosecuted by Assistant United States Attorney Anand Ramaswamy.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             745 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 18, 2017 Wednesday

Woman Sentenced for Virginia Employment Commission Fraud

LENGTH: 454  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office for the United States Attorneys, Eastern District of
Virginia has issued the following news release:



  Paula Lane (a.k.a. Paula Hipps), 47, formerly of Corapeake, North Carolina,
now residing in Danville, was sentenced today to 57 months in prison for her
role in an insurance fraud scheme that caused a loss over $150,000 to the
Virginia Employment Commission (VEC) and similar agencies in Indiana and
Pennsylvania.





 Lane pleaded guilty to mail fraud and aggravated identity theft on Sept. 15,
2016. According to court documents, Lane devised and executed a complex
unemployment insurance fraud scheme that resulted in payments of more than
$150,000 in one year. Lane, at the time operating out of her home in Corapeake,
North Carolina, created fake companies and reported to the VEC that the
companies had employees who earned wages. The employees were real people whose
identities Lane stole for the purpose of this scheme. Between August 2013 and
August 2014, Lane filed unemployment claims under the names of 28 different
identities stating that they had been laid off. Lane was then able to receive
unemployment insurance money that was deposited directly into her bank account
or onto debit cards that she controlled. Lane also filed false claims in Indiana
and Pennsylvania.



 In addition to the prison sentence, Lane was also ordered to pay $152,449 in
restitution to the Virginia Employment Commission.



 Dana J. Boente, U.S. Attorney for the Eastern District of Virginia; Robin
Blake, Special Agent-in-Charge of the Washington, DC Regional Office, U.S.
Department of Labor, Office of Inspector General; Clark E. Settles, Special
Agent in Charge of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement's (ICE) Homeland
Security Investigations (HSI) Washington; and Joseph Cronin, Inspector in Charge
of the Washington Division of the U.S. Postal Inspection Service, made the
announcement after sentencing by Chief U.S. District Judge Rebecca Beach Smith.
Assistant U.S. Attorney Randy Stoker prosecuted the case.







 The case was investigated by the Department of Labor Office of the Inspector
General along with Homeland Security Investigations, the United States Postal
Inspection Service, the Virginia Employment Commission, and the North Carolina
State Bureau of Investigation.







 A copy of this press release may be found on the website of the U.S. Attorney's
Office for the Eastern District of Virginia. Related court documents and
information may be found on the website of the District Court for the Eastern
District of Virginia or on PACER by searching for Case No. 2:16-cr-089.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 19, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             746 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       TELEGRAM & GAZETTE (Massachusetts)

                             May 26, 2012 Saturday
                                 NORTH EDITION

Former local dentist arrested;
Charged in $20M Medicaid fraud

BYLINE: Lee Hammel, Telegram & Gazette Staff

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 926 words


A former Shrewsbury dentist was arrested Thursday on federal charges alleging a
$20 million Medicaid fraud scheme.

The arrest of Gary F. Anusavice, 59, of North Kingstown, R.I., was announced by
Connecticut U.S. Attorney David B. Fein, and officials of the U.S. Department of
Health and Human Services, the IRS, and the New Haven division of the FBI. Also
arrested was Mehran Zamani, 47, a dentist from Pound Ridge, N.Y.

"These operators of dental practices throughout Connecticut defrauded the
Medicaid program of more than $20 million over a two-year period," Mr. Fein
said.

"Although Gary F. Anusavice was barred from Medicare, Medicaid and other
government health programs back in 1998, he allegedly continued to defraud
taxpayers by using an elaborate shield of companies and individuals - including
Dr. Zamani - to hide his involvement," said Susan J. Waddell, special agent in
charge of the Office of Inspector General for New England in the U.S. Department
of Health and Human Services.

Mr. Anusavice is also known as "Gary Andrews," "Gary Andrus" and "Gary Francis,"
according to the U.S. attorney. He was arrested at his home and charged with
conspiring to commit health care fraud, committing health care fraud and making
false statements involving federal health care programs.

In addition to criminal charges, the government also has filed a civil
forfeiture complaint against Mr. Anusavice's 8,145-square-foot residence on 9.66
acres in North Kingstown.

In the 1990s, Mr. Anusavice owned Massdent Business Management Inc., doing
business as DDS Dental Center, at 44 Front St. in Worcester. The Massachusetts
attorney general's office charged him in 1996 with more than 200 instances of
fraudulent billing of more than $300,000 in connection with that and other
practices he owned at that time.

In a plea deal, Mr. Anusavice and another dentist, Michael Weissman of
Wellesley, pleaded guilty in 1997 in Worcester Superior Court to filing false
health care claims to defraud Central Massachusetts Health Care, a defunct
health maintenance organization. They were placed on probation and ordered to
pay $170,000 restitution.

Initially the office of Attorney General Scott Harshbarger recommended
continuing the charges without a finding. Judge James P. Donohue rejected that
disposition and began picking a jury.

Two days later, the two dentists agreed to plead guilty to some of the charges
against them. Judge Donohue still questioned the attorney general's office as to
why it was not recommending jail time on the charges, which carried a potential
of 5 years in prison. But he went along with the agreement for probation and
restitution.

The guilty pleas involved defrauding CMHC from Nov. 7, 1993, to Dec. 4, 1994, by
billing the organization for more expensive procedures than were actually
performed and by falsifying dates of service.

The Worcester Superior Court charges against Mr. Anusavice, his associates and
their business were brought after the Telegram & Gazette published stories about
the practices that led the clinics to generate more than 100 consumer
complaints, the most of any dental practice in the state.

As a condition of their five-year probationary terms, Mr. Anusavice and Mr.
Weissman were ordered to complete 300 hours of community service each and to
refrain from practicing dentistry in any form anywhere in the country while on
probation. Mr. Anusavice also had been licensed to practice dentistry in Rhode
Island.

In 1999, after pleading guilty to filing a false income tax return, Mr.
Anusavice was sentenced in U.S. District Court in Boston to four months in
prison and four months in a halfway house.

In connection with the subsequent operation of dental clinics in Fall River and
Weymouth, Attorney General Martha Coakley's office got a judgment in a Suffolk
Superior Court civil suit in November 2010. That required Mr. Anusavice to pay
the state $237,500 in victim restitution, civil penalties and attorney's fees
and costs because of shoddy or incomplete dental work and high pressure sales
tactics, according to the attorney general.

Including a separate agreement with companies that extended credit for the
dental work, the attorney general helped recover more than $700,000 for
consumers who dealt with Mr. Anusavice, according to Brad Puffer, the attorney
general's communications director.

The Suffolk judgment permanently prohibits Mr. Anusavice, acting directly or
indirectly, from operating any entity that provides or markets dental services
in the state, according to Ms. Coakley's office.

Based on his conviction in Worcester Superior Court, Mr. Anusavice was notified
in April 1998 that he was being excluded from participation in Medicare and
state health care programs, including Medicaid. He was told that he may not
"cause claims to be submitted" for payment from the federal Medicaid program and
that Medicaid reimbursement payments are prohibited to any entity in which he
serves as an "employee, administrator, operator, or in any other capacity,"
according to the U.S. Attorney.

It alleges that Mr. Anusavice established several dental practices in
Connecticut operated by Dr. Zamani and other dentists and that they received
millions of dollars in Medicaid reimbursements. "Despite his permanent exclusion
(from the Medicaid program), Anusavice was involved in reviewing patient charts,
suggesting dental procedures to be performed, reviewing billing records,
reviewing income reports, interviewing and hiring dentists, and providing
overall management direction to the offices," prosecutors allege.

LOAD-DATE: May 30, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO
WPRI.com
Mr. Anusavice

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2012 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             747 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Marin Independent Journal (California)

                           January 24, 2008 Thursday

Tiburon lawyer pleads guilty in federal tax probe

BYLINE: Gary Klien

SECTION: MARIN; News

LENGTH: 256 words


Five days before his trial was set to begin, a Tiburon lawyer pleaded guilty
Thursday in what federal authorities described as a $20 million tax fraud
conspiracy.

Graham Taylor was one of six defendants - three accountants, two lawyers and an
investment broker - indicted in November 2005 on charges of conspiracy to
defraud the United States, conspiracy to commit mail fraud and wire fraud.

Authorities said the defendants used various means - offshore entities, false
documentation for fictitious currency transaction losses, false insurance
expense deductions and bogus capital losses - to help 75 clients shield about
$60 million in taxable income from the government. Prosecutors said the scheme
cost the U.S. Treasury some $20 million in tax revenues.

Two of the accountants - Stephen Petersen of Coalville, Utah, and Reed Barker of
Littleton, Colo. - collected over $4 million in fees related to the scheme,
authorities said.

Taylor, Petersen and Barker pleaded guilty to tax fraud, and Petersen also
pleaded guilty to aiding in the preparation of a false tax return on behalf of a
client, according to the Department of Justice.

The six defendants were scheduled to go on trial Monday in U.S. District Court
in Salt Lake City. The other defendants are attorney Dennis Evanson of Sandy,
Utah; accountant Brent Metcalf of Cottonwood, Utah; and investment broker Wayne
DeMeester of Sammamish, Wash.

Taylor, a partner at Seyfarth Shaw LLP in San Francisco, could not be reached
for comment Thursday night.

Contact Gary Klien via e-mail at

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


    Copyright 2008 Marin Independent Journal, a MediaNews Group publication
                              All Rights Reserved


                             748 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Record ( Stockton, California)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           September 18, 2015 Friday

BRIEF: Stockton man accused in fraud scheme

BYLINE: The Record, Stockton, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 182 words


Sept. 18--Stockton man accused in fraud scheme

A Stockton man was arrested Tuesday and is accused with six others of being
involved in a scheme that defrauded insurance companies of at least $1.2 million
by staging car crashes and submitting false insurance claims, U.S. Attorney
Benjamin B. Wagner announced.

The arrest came Tuesday, the same day a grand jury indictment was unsealed in
Fresno.

Cristopher Santiago Sanchez-Becerra, 31, of Stockton was charged with conspiracy
to commit mail fraud and mail fraud. The six others arrested were from Ceres,
Modesto, Patterson and San Jose.

According to court documents, the group conspired to stage dozens of car
accidents and submit false claims seeking compensation from October 2011 to
August 2014. Using false names and addresses, they submitted multiple claims for
each staged accident, court documents show.

Sanchez-Becerra and the others face up to 20 years in prison and up to $250,000
on each count.

___ (c)2015 The Record (Stockton, Calif.) Visit The Record (Stockton, Calif.) at
www.recordnet.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150918-SK-BRF-Stockton-man-accused-in-fraud-scheme-0918-20150918

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SK


                           Copyright 2015 The Record


                             749 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                              May 8, 2007 Tuesday
                                Michigan Edition

202 facing fraud charges;
Alleged Social Security check scam expected to lead to dozens of arrests.

BYLINE: By CAROL DRAEGER, Tribune Staff Writer

SECTION: NATION; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 586 words


ST. JOSEPH -- The Social Security Administration's family-friendly policies may
have led to one of the largest mass fraud arrests in Berrien County's history.

During a news conference Monday, local, state and federal agents said 202
Berrien County residents will be arrested in connection with defrauding Social
Security over the past five years.

Called "Operation Raincheck" by federal agents in Detroit, the Midwest fraud
sweep involves recipients in at least five Michigan counties and two states --
Ohio and Wisconsin -- said Bill Cotter, special agent of the Inspector General's
Office of the Social Security Administration.

In addition to the Berrien County arrests, 384 residents in four other Michigan
counties, from Kalamazoo to Eaton, also face fraud charges.

"We're not done yet," said Bill Cotter.

The fraud amounts to a loss of $1.17 million in Michigan over the past five
years, Bill Cotter said.

Offenders allegedly received duplicate, and in some cases, several Social
Security checks by claiming their original checks were stolen or not received,
said Art Cotter, Berrien County's prosecuting attorney.

Art Cotter, who is not related to Bill Cotter, said prosecutors will begin
arraigning 25 offenders daily for two weeks, beginning May 15.

Berrien County residents targeted will be charged with obtaining money under
false pretenses, he said.

Of the 202 charged, 98 will face felonies for illegally receiving more than
$1,000, a five-year felony.

Authorities expect to charge 104 with misdemeanors for receiving improper checks
under $1,000, Art Cotter said.

Of those targeted 21 also face felony welfare fraud charges and another nine
face Housing and Urban Development fraud charges that range from misdemeanors to
felonies.

Bill Cotter said much of the fraud occurred from recipients who called the
Social Security Administration's hot line and claimed to have not received their
monthly check.

Under court requirements, the SSA must send checks to individuals who claim they
have not received one, Bill Cotter said.

SSA is in the business to help poor people and the court ruling that mandated
immediate payments to recipients who claimed their checks were lost became
rampant in some parts of the country, he said.

There was no ring leader in the fraud cases.

Word apparently got out "on the street" that recipients could receive benefits
by claiming they never received their original checks, Bill Cotter said.

Social Security administrators generally flag accounts if two or more duplicate
checks are sent to an individual in a year, he said, but some beneficiaries who
claim multiple dependents got by with larger scams.

In one egregious case in Grand Rapids, Bill Cotter said one individual who had
eight dependents defrauded the SSA out of $35,000.

The highest amount of fraud in Berrien County is estimated at $14,000, officials
said.

Bill Cotter said the federal investigation began when auditors in the Inspector
General's office discovered a flurry of so-called emergency payment checks to
recipients who lived in various parts of the country.

The Social Security fraud trickled into welfare and Housing and Urban
Development deception cases in some instances because recipients had inflated
incomes and did not report it to welfare or HUD officials, said Art Cotter.

"When fraud occurs, it's about taxpayer dollars and not being able to help real
people in need," Art Cotter said explaining why authorities are going after
numerous offenders.

Staff writer Carol Draeger: cdraeger@sbtinfo.com (269) 687-7005

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Art Cotter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2007 South Bend Tribune Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             750 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   The Times-Tribune (Scranton, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             July 12, 2011 Tuesday

Former Moses Taylor CFO sentenced to 33 months in jail for wire fraud against
two hospitals

BYLINE: Denis J. O'Malley, The Times-Tribune, Scranton, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 397 words


July 12--Hospital ex-Ã¢Â[#x20ac]Â[#x160]official gets 33 months for fraud

Defrauded two hospitals for $200,000

The former chief financial officer at Moses Taylor Hospital received a sentence
of 33 months in prison Monday for defrauding two other hospitals of
approximately $200,000.

William Roe, 55, formerly of Archbald and Wilton, Conn., pleaded guilty in
January to one count of wire fraud after an FBI investigation found that he
funneled hundreds of thousands of dollars from two hospitals he worked for to a
company he created without providing the services or products billed.

While employed as CFO of St. Rita's Hospital in Lima, Ohio, from 2006 through
early 2009, Mr. Roe received approximately $75,000 billed to a company he
created, Cycle Software Solutions, without providing the services paid for,
according to a press release from the U.S. attorney's office in Connecticut.

Later, while employed as CFO of Danbury Hospital in Danbury, Conn., from 2009 to
August 2010, he pulled the same scheme to the tune of approximately $95,000
without providing the software ordered, according to the release.

Mr. Roe also billed Danbury Hospital an additional $25,000, but payment was
stopped, according to the release.

Before arriving at Danbury Hospital, Mr. Roe worked as CFO of the West Central
Ohio Region of Catholic Healthcare Partners of Lima, Ohio, after spending eight
years at Moses Taylor from 1998 to 2006, when he resigned to accept the CFO
position in Lima.

After his Aug. 17 arrest, Mr. Roe was released on bond on Sept. 9 until March 29
when he allegedly contacted a witness in the case.

In Hartford, Conn., on Monday, U.S. District Judge Vanessa L. Bryant sentenced
Mr. Roe to 33 months' imprisonment to be followed by three years of supervised
release, according to the release.

Additionally, Judge Bryant ordered Mr. Roe to pay $75,000 in restitution to St.
Rita's Hospital and $141,166 to Danbury Hospital, $46,166 of which he improperly
received from the hospital, according to the release.

Contact the writer: domalley@timesshamrock.com

To see more of The Times-Tribune or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://thetimes-tribune.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, The Times-Tribune, Scranton,
Pa. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: July 12, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20110712-YT-Former-Moses-Taylor-CFO-sentenced-to-33-months-in-jail-for-wire-
fraud-against-two-hospitals-0712-20110712

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YT


                        Copyright 2011 The Times-Tribune


                             751 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                           February 18, 2011, Friday

111 charged in Medicare scams worth $225 million

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P9A

LENGTH: 368 words


MIAMI - Federal authorities charged more than 100 doctors, nurses and physical
therapists in nine cities with Medicare fraud Thursday, part of a massive
nationwide bust that snared a record number of suspects.

More than 700 law enforcement agents fanned out to arrest dozens of people
accused of illegally billing Medicare more than $225 million. The arrests are
the latest in a string of major busts in the past two years as authorities have
struggled to pare the fraud that's believed to cost the government between $60
billion and $90 billion each year. Stopping Medicare's budget from hemorrhaging
that money will be key to paying for President Obama's health-care overhaul.

Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius and Attorney General Eric
Holder partnered in 2009 to allocate more money and manpower in fraud hot spots.
Thursday's indictments were for suspects in Miami, Los Angeles, Dallas, Houston,
Detroit, Chicago, Brooklyn, Tampa, Fla., and Baton Rouge, La.

They show that "health-care fraud is not easy money," Holder said at a news
conference in Washington.

A podiatrist performing partial toenail removals was among 21 indicted in
Detroit. Dr. Errol Sherman is accused of billing Medicare about $700,000 for the
costly and unnecessary procedures, which authorities said amounted to little
more than toenail clippings.

The podiatrist billed Medicare for 20 nail removals on three toes of one
patient, according to the indictment. He charged Medicare about $110 for each
procedure.

A message could not be left at Sherman's office Thursday.

A Brooklyn, N.Y., proctologist was charged with billing $6.5 million for
hemorrhoid removals, most of which he never performed. Dr. Boris Sachakov
claimed he performed 10 hemorrhoid removals on one patient, which authorities
said is not possible. An employee who answered at Sachakov's office declined
comment Thursday.

Sachakov had been arrested last year on charges related to a separate scam.
Sachakov denied the charges.

"These unprecedented operations send a clear message. We will not tolerate
criminals lining their pockets at the expense of Medicare patients and
taxpayers," HHS Inspector General Daniel R. Levinson said.

- The Associated Press

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 Charleston Newspapers


                             752 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   December 2, 1993, Thursday, Final Edition

Credit Thieves Target Mailboxes;
9 Postal Workers Among 40 Arrested in the Washington Area

Serge F. Kovaleski, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A1

LENGTH: 1187 words


Thousands of Washington area residents have been targeted by sophisticated scam
artists who have pilfered mail from homes and post offices to get credit cards,
checkbooks and information that they have used to steal millions of dollars,
authorities said.

Federal and local investigators said the wave of financial fraud has struck
primarily in the Dupont Circle neighborhood of Northwest Washington, areas of
Montgomery and Prince George's counties in Maryland and in Fairfax County in
Virginia.

Authorities said the schemes are being carried out by dozens of thieves, some of
whom appear to be acting independently and others who are part of loosely
organized theft rings.

Officials estimated that the thieves have absconded with $ 7 million to $ 10
million during the last year in the Washington area. More than 40 people have
been arrested, including nine postal workers.

The thieves' patience and sophistication has struck some investigators as
extraordinary. They repeatedly return to a targeted mailbox during a period of
several weeks to see whether credit cards or checkbooks have been delivered.

Some people have had as much as $ 300,000 in credit bills charged under their
names, but in virtually all those cases the credit card companies covered the
losses. The scams can span several weeks, or even months, before the victim
realizes the fraud has occurred.

Posing as card holders, the scam artists will phone banks to get personal
identification numbers for stolen cards. In turn, they won't hesitate to call a
victim and purport to be a banker trying to verify personal information that
they can use to further their scheme.

"It is sophisticated in that they do not hit someone over the head, take the
money and run," said Steven Bishop, a U.S. Postal Service inspector in the
District who is investigating the fraud. "They have to talk to banks and
convince them that it is their account, and in other cases they call the victims
and tell them they are the bank."

The fraud has been so widespread that in May the U.S. Secret Service organized a
task force that includes the Postal Service, the Immigration and Naturalization
Service, the Drug Enforcement Administration, D.C. police and other local law
enforcement agencies.

Other cities, including Baltimore, New York and Los Angeles, have reported
similar fraud schemes. Authorities estimate that as many as 500,000 credit cards
are in the mail on any given day.

The culprits usually will strike soon after a mail carrier has made his rounds
in a neighborhood. In many instances, the thieves steal credit card applications
marked for pre-approval, fill them out using the victims' real names and
addresses and mail them to the company offering the cards. A week or two later,
they will crack the mailbox again, intercept the card and then embark on a
spending spree.

The thieves also have snatched checks and used them to cover credit card
balances so they can continue to use the cards. Law enforcement officials said
credit cards en route to holders also have been stolen from cargo areas at
Dulles International, National and Baltimore-Washington International airports.

Postal officials said that even though nine of the service's workers in the
Washington area have been charged with fraud for allegedly intercepting mail at
post offices, the agency's system for screening applicants and educating
employees about workplace integrity is effective.

They noted, for instance, that because of thorough background checks, James E.
Swann Jr., the man suspected in a series of shotgun shootings in the District
last spring, had his application to work at a Southern Maryland post office
turned down several years ago.

Officials said yesterday that they were unable to say where in the Washington
area the arrested employees worked.

Law enforcement officials said that credit card and bank fraud, which has been a
problem in the Washington area in the past, has reached epidemic levels during
the last year.

"It's a constant problem that is worsening," said Secret Service spokesman Dave
Adams. "It's not like stealing a welfare or Social Security check in the mail.
This is a new form of fraud that yields big gains."

The thieves have struck in areas Bethesda, Germantown, Gaithersburg and Laurel
in Maryland and McLean in Northern Virginia. Recently, the fraud problem has
been particularly acute in the Dupont Circle area, where hundreds of residents
have been targeted.

The Postal Service sent a one-page letter last month to 4,000 residents in the
area warning them of the scam. Residents also have mobilized, taking turns
watching mailboxes and fixing or replacing ones that are not secure.

Izolda Trakhtenberg, 27, a computer specialist who lives in Dupont Circle, is
one of the victims.

She said that someone ran up about $ 6,000 on a credit card that she had applied
for but never received, apparently because it was intercepted in the mail. A box
of 250 blank checks also was stolen from her mailbox and used to write a $ 1,000
check to cover a portion of the balance on the card.

"It was a real violation," Trakhtenberg said. "You feel that you will be out
several thousand dollars and that someone will profit on your hard work."

When she noticed in September that her bank balance was plummeting, she canceled
the credit card and the checks and got a postal box.

"I won't be receiving mail at my home anymore," Trakhtenberg said.

Authorities said that two weeks after Trakhtenberg reported the thefts,
Christopher Platou, 33, of the 1700 block of Riggs Place NW, was arrested as he
allegedly tried to steal mail from Trakhtenberg's town house, which had been
staked out by D.C. police and postal inspectors.

Investigators said they believe that Platou may have netted $ 40,000 by working
the area for about eight months. He pleaded guilty on Tuesday in U.S. District
Court to one count of credit card fraud.

Officials of credit card companies and banks said fraud cost the industry nearly
$ 4 billion last year. But they were reluctant to discuss security measures
because, they said, they did not want to tip their hands to criminals.

They said some newly issued credit cards cannot be activated unless the holder
phones the company to say the card has been received.

The caller also will have to answers questions about personal and financial
history. That step alone, they said, has been very effective in cutting down on
credit fraud.

"Fraud is a significant problem and is one of the key reasons why credit-card
credit is more expensive than other forms of personal credit," said Tony
Mattera, spokesman for Crestar Bank.

Industry analysts said that with the right information, criminals can get around
the safeguards.

Investigators said the thieves working the Washington area sometimes cull all
mail to gain personal information on their victims.

Some go as far as rifling through trash to build a dossier to use when
contacting the banks or credit card companies.

They also have recoded the magnetic strips on expired cards with new numbers
using equipment that they have obtained illegally.



LOAD-DATE: December 2, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, FRAUD PREVENTION TIPS, TWP; ILLUSTRATION, TWP

TYPE: MARYLAND NEWS, VIRGINIA NEWS, DC NEWS

                       Copyright 1993 The Washington Post


                             753 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                   September 12, 1987, Saturday, City Edition

Pinellas Park coin dealer gets probation in mail fraud

BYLINE: JOSHUA L. WEINSTEIN

SECTION: LARGO-SEMINOLE TIMES; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 410 words



The Morgan silver dollars that Lee Skipwith III offered had a    money-back
guarantee, the advertisement said, "if you return coins by    insured mail."

     The catch: you can't return what you never get.

     Skipwith, who advertised the coins in out-of-state newspapers for    far
below market price, never sent them, according to an investigation    by the
Tampa division of the U.S. Postal Inspection Service. He didn't    pay for the
eight newspaper advertisements in which he offered them,    either, according to
the investigation.

     Skipwith was the operator of Southern Monetary Services in Pinellas
Park. He offered the coins - "Better Than Gold" - for $ 16.95 each,    plus $
2.50 postage, handling and insurance. Prices dropped as    quantities increased,
"with a maximum purchase of 20 coins," the ad    , read. "Florida residents add
5 percent sales tax."

     He pleaded guilty to mail fraud earlier this month.

     U.S. District Court Judge William Castagna of Tampa sentenced    Skipwith
to five years probation and ordered him to pay back $ 13,600.

     Skipwith ran the scheme from April to August 1983, according to    court
records filed by Terry A. Zitek, assistant U.S. attorney and    chief of the
criminal division.

     "Mr. Skipwith, in fact, never intended to fulfill the    representations
made in the advertisements; rather, he intended, and    did, retain monies sent
in response to the advertisements and failed to    provide purchasers with any
coins," Zitek wrote.

     In the advertisements, Skipwith promised certificates "attesting    to the
silver content of each coin" and said the low price "is    possible because of
shrewd search and purchasing efforts by our    professional buyers."

     The ads ran in newspapers in Hot Springs, Ark.; Meridian, Miss.;

 Tupelo, Miss.; Owosso, Mich.; Elyria, Ohio; Centralia, Ill.; Florence,    S.C.,
and Huntsville, Ala.        Morgan silver dollars were minted between 1878 and
1921. Their    silver content is 0.77344 troy ounces. According to a 1982
edition of    "Edmund's U.S. Coin Prices," a Morgan silver dollar in perfect
condition that was minted in 1878 would be worth about $ 6,000, while    one in
perfect condition minted in 1921 would be worth about $ 1,150.



LOAD-DATE: November 19, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: LARGO-SEMINOLE TIMES

                            Times Publishing Company


                             754 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                             June 29, 2013 Saturday
                              SAT REGIONAL Edition

Briefs

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 17A

LENGTH: 438 words


HOBBY LOBBY AVOIDS FINES FOR HEALTH CARE CHOICES

OKLAHOMA CITY Hobby Lobby and a sister company will not be subject to $1.3
million in daily fines beginning Monday for not providing access to certain
forms of birth control through its employees' health care plans, a judge ruled
Friday.

U.S. District Judge Joe Heaton set a hearing for July 19 to address claims by
the owners of Hobby Lobby and the Mardel Christian bookstore chains that their
religious beliefs are so deeply rooted that having to provide every form of
birth control would violate their conscience.

The 10th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in Denver had said Thursday the companies
were likely to prevail, comparing them to a kosher butcher unwilling to adopt
nonkosher practices as part of a government order.

Fort Collins business owner killed in glider accident. A Windsor man has been
killed in a Southern California paraglider accident.

The San Diego County coroner's office said 48 year old Henry Ho was with an
instructor and classmates when he crashed onto rocks at Imperial Beach on
Wednesday.

The San Diego Union Tribune newspaper said Ho was founder of Financial Stewards
Wealth Management based in Fort Collins.

Man indicted in mortgage fraud schemes. A man indicted for allegedly
participating in three similar but separate mortgage fraud schemes has pleaded
guilty to three counts of wire fraud and one count of money laundering.

Roger K. Howard, 50, of Englewood will be sentenced Aug. 26, according to the
U.S. Attorney's Office in Denver.

Howard's co defendant, Oai Quang Luong, pleaded guilty to three counts of wire
fraud earlier and will be sentenced Aug. 15.

The first and largest of the schemes involved the sale of 26 townhomes in
Oliveglen Villas in Aurora.

Six additional counties qualify for drought assistance. Farmers and ranchers in
six more Colorado counties can qualify for drought assistance from the
Department of Agriculture.

Montrose, Archuleta, Mineral, Saguache, Gunnison and San Juan counties qualify
because they are adjacent to counties where a natural disaster has been declared
because of drought. Those counties include Dolores, La Plata, Ouray, Hinsdale,
Montezuma and San Miguel.

Fitch affirms U.S.'s triple A rating. Fitch Ratings affirmed the U.S.'s triple A
rating, its highest credit rating, citing the country's strong economic and
credit fundamentals.

Honda recalls subcompacts detroit Honda is urging the owners of more than
686,000 Fit and Jazz subcompacts worldwide to park them outside because the
power window switches can catch fire.

The company is recalling the 2007 and 2008 model years. Denver Post staff and
wire reports

LOAD-DATE: July 02, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2013 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             755 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                           October 17, 2012 Wednesday

3 suburban men charged with fraud

BYLINE: By Christopher Placek cplacek@dailyherald.com

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 267 words


Three suburban men were charged Tuesday with bilking investors out of $28
million.

Federal authorities say the three promised retirees they would invest their
money, but instead operated a Ponzi-type scheme and used some of the money to
pay for homes, cars and other personal expenses.

Charged are Robert C. Pribilski, 54, of Lisle; Mahmut Erhan Durmaz, 42, formerly
of Streamwood and Los Angeles; and John T. Burns III, 53, of Naperville, who
operated USA Retirement Management Services, which had offices in Oakbrook
Terrace and Southern California.

Authorities said the three men obtained $28 million from about 120 investors who
attended estate planning seminars in Illinois and California between 2005 and
March 2010. The men promised to sell promissory notes for investments in Turkish
bonds that would yield returns of 4.75 percent to 11 percent annually, but
instead Pribilski and Durmaz used the funds to pay other investors -- and used
$2.5 million to pay for their own expenses, including medical insurance,
salaries and bonuses to themselves and Burns, authorities said.

Pribilski and Durmaz were each charged with five counts of wire fraud and four
counts of mail fraud. Burns was charged with three counts of wire fraud and
three counts of mail fraud.

Each count carries a maximum penalty of 20 years in prison and a $250,000 fine.

The government is seeking forfeiture of $28 million from the defendants.

Pribilski and Burns are scheduled to be arraigned in U.S. District Court
Thursday. Durmaz fled the United States in March 2010 and is a fugitive believed
to be residing in Turkey, officials said.

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                             756 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Erie Times-News (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            December 12, 2011 Monday

Kartesz, jailed for mortgage fraud, denied holiday furlough

BYLINE: Kevin Flowers, Erie Times-News, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 379 words


Dec. 12--A Harborcreek Township man sentenced to prison for his role in a
widespread local mortgage-fraud scheme wanted a temporary release from federal
custody so he could spend holiday time with family at a luxury hotel in
Pittsburgh.

U.S. District Judge Sean J. McLaughlin, however, rejected 43-year-old Frank
Kartesz II's request -- one that federal prosecutors had opposed.

Erie lawyer Charbel Latouf, representing Kartesz, filed a motion for furlough on
Kartesz's behalf Dec. 6.

McLauglin denied the request on Dec. 8. He sentenced Kartesz in September 2008
to three years and seven months in federal prison for his part in the scam.
Kartesz had been serving his sentence at the Federal Correctional Institution in
Morgantown, W.Va., 195 miles south of Erie, since January 2009. He is now at a
Pittsburgh halfway house, Latouf wrote.

In his motion, Latouf wrote Kartesz wanted a 72-hour furlough, from Dec. 16-18,
for a holiday visit with family at the Omni William Penn Hotel in downtown
Pittsburgh.

Rooms at the full-service hotel range in price from $189 to $379 per night on
those dates, according to the hotel's website.

"Defendant asserts that this will be the only opportunity he has to spend time
with is family for the holidays," Latouf wrote.

But in a response to Kartesz's request filed Dec. 7, Pittsburgh-based U.S.
Attorney David J. Hickton and Assistant U.S. Attorney Christian Trabold, of
Erie, urged McLaughlin to deny Kartesz's request.

Trabold prosecuted the mortgage-fraud case.

"Absence from family affairs is one of the ordinary incidents of incarceration,"
the prosecutors wrote.

Kartesz pleaded guilty in March 2008 to fraud and conspiracy charges. The
government claimed Kartesz was part of a scheme in which he and others bought
rundown houses and sold them at inflated prices.

The Erie Times-News broke the mortgage-fraud story in May 2006.

Most of the buyers had low incomes and knew little about buying homes, the
government said. The government said the victims, which included banks and
individual homeowners, collectively lost more than $1 million in the fraud.

KEVIN FLOWERS can be reached at 870-1693 or by e-mail.

___ (c)2011 the Erie Times-News (Erie, Pa.) Visit the Erie Times-News (Erie,
Pa.) at www.GoErie.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20111212-EI-Kartesz-jailed-for-mortgage-fraud
-denied-holiday-furlough-1212-20111212

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EI


                         Copyright 2011 Erie Times-News


                             757 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Topeka Capital-Journal (Kansas)

                            February 29, 2008 Friday

Cooper guilty in tax 'scam'

SECTION: 1A; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 596 words


By Steve Fry

THE CAPITAL-JOURNAL

A federal jury deliberated five days before convicting Michael C. Cooper,
founder and former chief executive officer of Renaissance, The Tax People, on
Thursday of more than 70 counts of conspiracy, mail fraud, wire fraud and money
laundering.

The verdict was released at about 3 p.m. in a courtroom in the Robert J. Dole
Courthouse in Kansas City, Kan. Cooper's trial started Jan. 14 and lasted seven
weeks.

"Mr. Cooper exploited his customers and attempted to steal from the honest
taxpayers of the United States," Eric Melgren, U.S. attorney for the District of
Kansas, said in a statement. "Despite all the cunning marketing, Renaissance,
The Tax People, was only a scam."

Renaissance was known for its signature tax deductions tied to business
expenses, including counting mileage driven to a convenience store to tack up a
business card as a business expense and paying wages to sons and daughters, then
writing them off the family's taxes. The company also was known for its
luxurious quarters in the old Fleming Mansion at 1001 S.W. Gage.

Jurors convicted Cooper of:

n One count of conspiracy to defraud the Internal Revenue Service, to commit
wire fraud and to commit mail fraud.

n 17 counts of mail fraud.

n 11 counts of wire fraud.

n One count of money laundering conspiracy.

n 41 counts of unlawful monetary transactions of criminally derived property
worth more than $10,000.

n Two counts of money laundering.

Jurors acquitted him of all 56 counts of preparing false tax returns for
individuals and 19 counts of mail fraud.

Many of the unlawful monetary transactions were purchases of flashy cars,
including a Dodge Viper and a Plymouth Prowler; luxury cars; all-terrain
vehicles; a horse trailer with living quarters; and tractors. Many of the
vehicles were recovered from Cooper's ranch in northern Shawnee County.

No date has been scheduled for a hearing to decide how much in assets Cooper
will forfeit to federal authorities. Prosecutors are seeking $75 million in
proceeds from the fraud, including cash, real estate, vehicles, precious metals,
bank accounts and life insurance policies.

On Thursday, J. Kevin Foster, who was a tax preparer in the company's Affiliated
Tax Professional Network, was conflicted about Cooper's convictions.

"Not one time did he talk about doing tax work unethically (or) illegally,"
Foster said. "The thing that turned the apple cart upside down was greed, his
greed."

Foster, of Amarillo, Texas, learned some lessons from his Renaissance
experience.

Foster pleaded guilty in 2004 to one federal count of preparing false tax
returns in exchange for dismissal of 18 other counts of filing false returns. He
was sentenced to 18 months in prison, paid $36,000 in restitution to clients who
underpaid their taxes, paid $55,000 to attorneys defending him, couldn't renew
his Texas insurance license due to the conviction and lost a tax practice that
paid him $150,000 a year.

"It cost me credibility," Foster said. "I'm just going to chalk it up to
experience and never get involved in anything like that again. Pay your taxes,
like to pay your taxes, and you won't have any problems.

Foster now sells advertising for refrigerator magnets and is on the road 24 days
a month.

Marcy Szarama, a Los Angeles businesswoman, was pleased with Thursday's
verdicts.

"It sounds like justice has been served," said Szarama, who joined Renaissance
for about six months before she quit the program.

"The penalties are justice for what he did to people's lives," she said.

Steve Fry can be reached

at (785) 295-1206 or steve.fry@cjonline com.

LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 The Topeka Capital-Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                             758 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Topeka Capital-Journal (Kansas)

                            February 29, 2008 Friday

Cooper guilty in tax 'scam'

SECTION: 1A; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 596 words


By Steve Fry

THE CAPITAL-JOURNAL

A federal jury deliberated five days before convicting Michael C. Cooper,
founder and former chief executive officer of Renaissance, The Tax People, on
Thursday of more than 70 counts of conspiracy, mail fraud, wire fraud and money
laundering.

The verdict was released at about 3 p.m. in a courtroom in the Robert J. Dole
Courthouse in Kansas City, Kan. Cooper's trial started Jan. 14 and lasted seven
weeks.

"Mr. Cooper exploited his customers and attempted to steal from the honest
taxpayers of the United States," Eric Melgren, U.S. attorney for the District of
Kansas, said in a statement. "Despite all the cunning marketing, Renaissance,
The Tax People, was only a scam."

Renaissance was known for its signature tax deductions tied to business
expenses, including counting mileage driven to a convenience store to tack up a
business card as a business expense and paying wages to sons and daughters, then
writing them off the family's taxes. The company also was known for its
luxurious quarters in the old Fleming Mansion at 1001 S.W. Gage.

Jurors convicted Cooper of:

n One count of conspiracy to defraud the Internal Revenue Service, to commit
wire fraud and to commit mail fraud.

n 17 counts of mail fraud.

n 11 counts of wire fraud.

n One count of money laundering conspiracy.

n 41 counts of unlawful monetary transactions of criminally derived property
worth more than $10,000.

n Two counts of money laundering.

Jurors acquitted him of all 56 counts of preparing false tax returns for
individuals and 19 counts of mail fraud.

Many of the unlawful monetary transactions were purchases of flashy cars,
including a Dodge Viper and a Plymouth Prowler; luxury cars; all-terrain
vehicles; a horse trailer with living quarters; and tractors. Many of the
vehicles were recovered from Cooper's ranch in northern Shawnee County.

No date has been scheduled for a hearing to decide how much in assets Cooper
will forfeit to federal authorities. Prosecutors are seeking $75 million in
proceeds from the fraud, including cash, real estate, vehicles, precious metals,
bank accounts and life insurance policies.

On Thursday, J. Kevin Foster, who was a tax preparer in the company's Affiliated
Tax Professional Network, was conflicted about Cooper's convictions.

"Not one time did he talk about doing tax work unethically (or) illegally,"
Foster said. "The thing that turned the apple cart upside down was greed, his
greed."

Foster, of Amarillo, Texas, learned some lessons from his Renaissance
experience.

Foster pleaded guilty in 2004 to one federal count of preparing false tax
returns in exchange for dismissal of 18 other counts of filing false returns. He
was sentenced to 18 months in prison, paid $36,000 in restitution to clients who
underpaid their taxes, paid $55,000 to attorneys defending him, couldn't renew
his Texas insurance license due to the conviction and lost a tax practice that
paid him $150,000 a year.

"It cost me credibility," Foster said. "I'm just going to chalk it up to
experience and never get involved in anything like that again. Pay your taxes,
like to pay your taxes, and you won't have any problems.

Foster now sells advertising for refrigerator magnets and is on the road 24 days
a month.

Marcy Szarama, a Los Angeles businesswoman, was pleased with Thursday's
verdicts.

"It sounds like justice has been served," said Szarama, who joined Renaissance
for about six months before she quit the program.

"The penalties are justice for what he did to people's lives," she said.

Steve Fry can be reached

at (785) 295-1206 or steve.fry@cjonline com.

LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 The Topeka Capital-Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                             759 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                      July 25, 2003, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Four former Charter executives charged with fraud

BYLINE: David Lieberman

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 450 words

The Justice Department charged four former top executives at St. Louis-based
Charter Communications on Thursday with inflating revenue and subscriber
figures. The effort was allegedly designed to keep investors from realizing how
much business the No. 3 cable operator was losing to satellite rivals.

Former chief operating officer David Barford, 44, and former chief financial
officer Kent Kalkwarf, 45, were charged with 14 counts of mail fraud, wire fraud
and conspiracy to commit wire fraud.


Former senior vice president David McCall, 48, faces a count of conspiracy to
commit wire fraud. And former senior vice president James Smith, 55, was hit
with eight counts of wire fraud and conspiracy.

All are expected to turn themselves in today. If convicted, they face penalties
of as much as five years in prison and a $ 250,000 fine for each count.

"This prosecution is another step in the federal government's efforts to rebuild
confidence in our market system," Ray Gruender, U.S. Attorney for the Eastern
District of Missouri, said in a statement. "We will use all the resources
available to us to investigate and prosecute those corporate executives who are
willing to bend the rules and cook the books."

The indictment says Kalkwarf and Barford added $ 17 million to revenue and cash
flow numbers in 2000 through a phony ad sales deal with an unnamed set-top
decoder maker. They allegedly persuaded the company to tack $ 20 onto the
invoice price of each box. But Charter held on to the cash and recorded it as an
ad sale.

Justice officials also accused all four men with helping hide Charter's
subscriber losses in 2001. They allegedly did that by disregarding some
cancellation orders until the end of a quarter, not removing disconnected
customers from the official rolls, counting as subscribers people getting
service free and making up names.

Prosecutors say Charter, which is controlled by Microsoft co-founder Paul Allen,
"is not a target" in the probe and praised the company's "extraordinary
cooperation."

Charter issued a statement noting that KPMG re-audited the books after April
2002, when it replaced Arthur Andersen. The cable company restated, and now
"stands behind," its results.

The Justice Department began its investigation in August 2002. Two months later,
Charter put Barford on paid leave. He and Kalkwarf were fired in December. Smith
left in 2001, and McCall left this year.

Prior to the indictments, announced after the markets closed, Charter closed at
$ 4.78, down 4%. The company, which went public in late 1999, traded for more
than $ 20 during most of 2001, before the accounting problems surfaced.

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, Color; PHOTO, Color, AP; Charged: Former COO David Barford,
left, and former CFO Kent Kalkwarf.

                      Copyright 2003 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             760 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                       MAY 4, 1995 Thursday FINAL EDITION

CLINTON ANNOUNCES A CRACKDOWN ON MEDICARE AND MEDICAID FRAUD HE SPOKE OF
SHRINKING ECONOMIC RESOURCES. TARGETED ARE FIVE STATES WITH NEARLY 40 PERCENT OF
ALL RECIPIENTS.

BYLINE: Rachel L. Jones, INQUIRER WASHINGTON BUREAU

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. A03

LENGTH: 521 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Citing a need to balance support for senior citizens with shrinking economic
resources, President Clinton yesterday announced a crackdown on fraud and waste
in the Medicare and Medicaid systems.

"People who rip this system off jeopardize the health of beneficiaries and the
stability of our government and our economy," Clinton told the 2,200 delegates
at the formal opening of the White House Conference on Aging. "They are the only
ones who will lose in this plan."

Clinton said the crackdown would begin in the five states - New York, Florida,
Illinois, Texas and California - that have nearly 40 percent of all Medicare and
Medicaid recipients.

The General Accounting Office, the investigative arm of Congress, estimates that
fraud and abuse constitute 10 percent of the combined $150 billion Medicare and
Medicaid budgets in those five states.

Much of the abuse in the programs is associated with home health agencies,
nursing homes and suppliers of medical equipment, such as oxygen tents and
walkers, according to the Department of Health and Human Services.

The measure "will be a win-win for everybody, except those who try to cheat the
system," said HHS Secretary Donna E. Shalala. "For every dollar we spend on this
program, the Medicare and Medicaid programs will save six to eight dollars in
reduced spending on wasteful practices and court awards from fraud cases."

Administration officials spoke of the anti-fraud program as they celebrated the
accomplishments of previous White House Conferences on Aging, which laid the
groundwork for such legislation as Medicare, Medicaid and the Older Americans
Act.

Arthur Flemming, the 90-year-old former secretary of Health, Education and
Welfare and a legend among those who advocate for the elderly, set the largely
nostalgic, celebratory tone of yesterday's meeting.

Flemming, who chaired the first aging conference in 1961 and the second one in
1971, recalled watching President Franklin D. Roosevelt develop the New Deal
programs that fostered Social Security, which celebrates its 60th birthday this
year.

"We hear a lot about new contracts, but supporting the elderly is a contract
that extends back 60 years," Flemming said to a rousing ovation. "I have a dream
that this nation will not only live up to its contract, but will extend it for
future generations."

Still, budget issues intruded.

"We're at a major crossroads in re-evaluating the role the federal government
must play in these issues," said Sen. William S. Cohen (R., Maine), who chairs
the Senate Special Committee on Aging. "If we ignore the fiscal realities,
there's a danger that what you're doing at this conference will be dismissed out
of hand."

Those realities have always been a priority in his administration, Clinton said.

"I have been consistently saying for three years that we will never
fundamentally solve the deficit problem until we are able to moderate the growth
of health-care spending," he said, telling delegates that 40 percent of the
growth in federal spending over the next five years would come from the rise in
federal health-care costs.

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1995 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             761 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                            November 8, 2010 Monday

2 plead guilty in mortgage scheme

BYLINE: Pioneer Press

SECTION: BREAKING; Crime and Court Stories; Minnesota-Twin Cities; Business

LENGTH: 273 words


The last two of five defendants tied to a $20 million mortgage fraud scheme
pleaded guilty Tuesday in Minneapolis federal court.

Thanh Van Ngo, 29, of Plymouth, pleaded guilty to one count of aiding and
abetting wire fraud. Dang Hai Nguyen, 27, of Austin, Texas, pleaded guilty to
one count of conspiracy to commit wire fraud.

They were indicted in April along with three co-defendants -- Vince Long Nguyen,
36, of Minneapolis; Jesse Steven Moxness, 33, of Blaine; and Trung Quang Tran,
28, of Minneapolis.

The fraud ring ran from 2006 to 2009 and involved $20 million in falsely
obtained mortgages and about $5 million in losses for mortgage lenders,
prosecutors said. Investors were left with bad credit as properties went into
foreclosure.

Prosecutors say the case involved 54 homes in St. Paul, Buffalo, Coon Rapids and
elsewhere, using sham buyers who were promised quick sales of the properties as
a lure. A number of the transactions involved Vietnamese or Laotian buyers.

Prosecutors say Thanh Ngo worked as a loan officer and co-owned a company with
Trung Tran through which he negotiated with builders to purchase residential
properties at discounted prices. Moxness was a homebuilder and Dang Nguyen
worked to recruit real estate investors. Vince Nguyen was the owner of a
business that handled real estate closings.

On Nov. 3, Vince Nguyen pleaded guilty to one count of wire fraud. Last month,
Moxness pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy, while Trung Tran pleaded
guilty to one count of wire fraud.

The five defendants each face five years in prison on the conspiracy charge and
20 years on the wire fraud charge.

-- Nick Ferraro

LOAD-DATE: November 10, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             762 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 17, 2017 Tuesday

Washington: Woman Sentenced for Virginia Employment Commission Fraud

LENGTH: 394  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Department of Justice has issued the following news release:



 Paula Lane (a.k.a. Paula Hipps), 47, formerly of Corapeake, North Carolina, now
residing in Danville, was sentenced today to 57 months in prison for her role in
an insurance fraud scheme that caused a loss over $150,000 to the Virginia
Employment Commission (VEC) and similar agencies in Indiana and Pennsylvania.



 Lane pleaded guilty to mail fraud and aggravated identity theft on Sept. 15,
2016. According to court documents, Lane devised and executed a complex
unemployment insurance fraud scheme that resulted in payments of more than
$150,000 in one year. Lane, at the time operating out of her home in Corapeake,
North Carolina, created fake companies and reported to the VEC that the
companies had employees who earned wages. The employees were real people whose
identities Lane stole for the purpose of this scheme. Between August 2013 and
August 2014, Lane filed unemployment claims under the names of 28 different
identities stating that they had been laid off. Lane was then able to receive
unemployment insurance money that was deposited directly into her bank account
or onto debit cards that she controlled. Lane also filed false claims in Indiana
and Pennsylvania.

 In addition to the prison sentence, Lane was also ordered to pay $152,449 in
restitution to the Virginia Employment Commission.

 Dana J. Boente, U.S. Attorney for the Eastern District of Virginia; Robin
Blake, Special Agent-in-Charge of the Washington, DC Regional Office, U.S.
Department of Labor, Office of Inspector General; Clark E. Settles, Special
Agent in Charge of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement's (ICE) Homeland
Security Investigations (HSI) Washington; and Joseph Cronin, Inspector in Charge
of the Washington Division of the U.S. Postal Inspection Service, made the
announcement after sentencing by Chief U.S. District Judge Rebecca Beach Smith.
Assistant U.S. Attorney Randy Stoker prosecuted the case.



 The case was investigated by the Department of Labor Office of the Inspector
General along with Homeland Security Investigations, the United States Postal
Inspection Service, the Virginia Employment Commission, and the North Carolina
State Bureau of Investigation.




 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             763 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 17, 2017 Tuesday

Washington: Woman Sentenced for Virginia Employment Commission Fraud

LENGTH: 394  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Department of Justice has issued the following news release:



 Paula Lane (a.k.a. Paula Hipps), 47, formerly of Corapeake, North Carolina, now
residing in Danville, was sentenced today to 57 months in prison for her role in
an insurance fraud scheme that caused a loss over $150,000 to the Virginia
Employment Commission (VEC) and similar agencies in Indiana and Pennsylvania.



 Lane pleaded guilty to mail fraud and aggravated identity theft on Sept. 15,
2016. According to court documents, Lane devised and executed a complex
unemployment insurance fraud scheme that resulted in payments of more than
$150,000 in one year. Lane, at the time operating out of her home in Corapeake,
North Carolina, created fake companies and reported to the VEC that the
companies had employees who earned wages. The employees were real people whose
identities Lane stole for the purpose of this scheme. Between August 2013 and
August 2014, Lane filed unemployment claims under the names of 28 different
identities stating that they had been laid off. Lane was then able to receive
unemployment insurance money that was deposited directly into her bank account
or onto debit cards that she controlled. Lane also filed false claims in Indiana
and Pennsylvania.

 In addition to the prison sentence, Lane was also ordered to pay $152,449 in
restitution to the Virginia Employment Commission.

 Dana J. Boente, U.S. Attorney for the Eastern District of Virginia; Robin
Blake, Special Agent-in-Charge of the Washington, DC Regional Office, U.S.
Department of Labor, Office of Inspector General; Clark E. Settles, Special
Agent in Charge of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement's (ICE) Homeland
Security Investigations (HSI) Washington; and Joseph Cronin, Inspector in Charge
of the Washington Division of the U.S. Postal Inspection Service, made the
announcement after sentencing by Chief U.S. District Judge Rebecca Beach Smith.
Assistant U.S. Attorney Randy Stoker prosecuted the case.



 The case was investigated by the Department of Labor Office of the Inspector
General along with Homeland Security Investigations, the United States Postal
Inspection Service, the Virginia Employment Commission, and the North Carolina
State Bureau of Investigation.




 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             764 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                             July 26, 1992, Sunday

THE SOUTHEAST Suncoast Dome seeks new identity

SECTION: BUSINESS; Section C; Page 7

LENGTH: 351 words


Would a dome by any other name be just as empty? Thunderdome and Megadome are
among the names suggested to revitalize the image of the struggling Florida
Suncoast Dome, the $ 139 million baseball stadium still without a major league
team in St. Petersburg. Some City Council members complain the problem with the
current name is that too many confuse it with the University of South Florida's
Sun Dome in Tampa. And some grumble the name doesn't even carry St. Petersburg's
name.

FLORIDA

Housing fraud alleged. General Development Corp. of Miami conned, bamboozled and
swindled immigrants and other unsophisticated buyers with "a thousand points of
fraud" to sell houses packaged as wise investments, a federal prosecutor charged
last week. The developer offered "the shining city" on the sales end, but
homeowners were told when they complained that the company's nine Florida
communities were in economic slumps. Assistant U.S. Attorney Andres Rivero
charged the defendants set the policies for "a big machine plowing forward" to
sell more than 10,000 houses at prices 30 percent to 50 percent above their
values and the competitors'.

NORTH CAROLINA

Workers stranded: About 50 workers were stranded in Basstown without money,
electricity or running water at a migrant camp in Sampson County, and a farmer
was charged in the case. Authorities were searching last week for Steve Wilson
after migrant workers and the crew leaders who brought them to the large produce
farm said they were owed as much as $ 300,000. Capt. Landis Lee of the Sampson
County Sheriff's Department said Mr. Wilson has been charged with more than
three dozen felony counts of obtaining property under false pretenses.

TENNESSEE

Grease protected: Using a police escort in moving an 80-year-old vat of grease
may seem like overkill. But the owners of Dyer's Cafe in Memphis say they're
protecting the secret to their burgers. The grease has been strained but never
changed since 1912 when the first Dyer's Cafe opened. Gun-toting officers have
guarded the grease in other moves including the most recent change in 1986.

LOAD-DATE: August 6, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH922190069

                    Copyright 1992 The Atlanta Constitution


                             765 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 January 3, 1992, Friday, Late Edition - Final

COMPANY NEWS;
Indictment In Fraud Case

BYLINE: Special to The New York Times

SECTION: Section D; Page 3; Column 4; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 153 words

DATELINE: LOS ANGELES, Jan. 2


A Federal grand jury today returned a 30-count indictment against Steven D.
Wymer, an investment manager accused of defrauding local governments in Iowa,
California and Colorado. At least $100 million is estimated to be missing from
client accounts.

The indictment, charging Mr. Wymer with securities fraud, mail fraud, money
laundering, obstruction of justice and lying to Federal investigators, broadened
the Government's case against the former president and sole owner of
Institutional Treasury Management Inc. of Irvine, Calif. The charges carry
maximum penalties of 275 years in prison and fines of more than $14 million.

Several calls to Mr. Wymer's lawyers were not returned. Mr. Wymer, of Newport
Beach, Calif., has been in jail since he was arrested on Dec. 17.

Institutional Treasury Management had 61 clients in 13 states and Micronesia,
with about $1.2 billion invested through the company.

LOAD-DATE: January 3, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company


                             766 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 21, 2014 Thursday

Washington: Bergen County Man and Disbarred New York Attorney Indicted in Real
Estate Investment Fraud Scheme

LENGTH: 482  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

Bergen County Man and Disbarred New York Attorney Indicted in Real Estate
Investment Fraud Scheme
U.S. Attorney's Office August 21, 2014

District of New Jersey (973) 645-2888

NEWARK, NJ--Two men were indicted by a federal grand jury today for allegedly
using a real estate investment scheme to defraud 15 victims of more than $3
million, U.S. Attorney Paul J. Fishman announced.

Paul Mancuso, 46, of Glen Rock, New Jersey, is charged by indictment with one
count of conspiracy to commit wire fraud and five counts of wire fraud. Pasquale
Stiso, 52, of West Harrison, New York, is charged by indictment with one count
of conspiracy to commit wire fraud and one count of wire fraud.

According to documents filed in this case:

Since 2009, Mancuso posed as a real estate investor, broker and developer, as
well as a "hard money" lender for other investments. Stiso, a disbarred
attorney, held himself out as an individual working with Mancuso on various
investment projects.

Mancuso and Stiso fraudulently obtained financing for projects that did not
exist or in which they had no actual involvement. Some of the purported projects
touted by Mancuso, Stiso, and other conspirators included investments in a phony
ticket scam, the development of a pizzeria at a resort in the Bahamas, the
development of a casino in Atlantic City, the development of a commercial
shopping center, and the "flipping" of a piece of real estate in Matawan.

Victims lost all of their investments or life savings in Mancuso's schemes.
Instead of funding the purported projects, Mancuso and Stiso used the money for
personal expenses and financing their involvement in illegal gambling pursuits.

The charge of wire fraud conspiracy and each substantive count of wire fraud
carry a maximum potential penalty of 20 years in prison and a maximum fine of
$250,000 or twice the gross gain or loss associated with the offense, whichever
is greater. The indictment also includes a notice of forfeiture of $3,425,750,
representing the fraudulent payments Mancuso and Stiso received from the scheme.

U.S. Attorney Fishman credited special agents of the FBI, under the direction of
Special Agent in Charge Aaron T. Ford; special agents of IRS-Criminal
Investigation, under the direction of Acting Special Agent in Charge Jonathan D.
Larson for the investigation leading to today's indictment.

The government is represented by Assistant U.S. Attorneys Lisa M. Colone and
Francisco J. Navarro of the U.S. Attorney's Office Criminal Division in Newark.

The charges and allegations in the indictment are merely accusations and the
defendants are considered innocent unless and until proven guilty.

Defense counsel:

Mancuso: Mary Frances Palisano Esq., Newark Stiso: Henry E. Klingeman Esq.,
Newark

For more information please visit: http://www.fbi.gov


LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             767 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                            The Independent (London)

                              May 31, 1998, Sunday

Hit squads strike back at fraudsters

BYLINE: Mark Rowe

SECTION: NEWS; Page 2

LENGTH: 584 words


DETECTED benefit fraud is expected to top a record pounds 80m this year as
special "hit squads" and increasingly sophisticated measures target false
claimants across the UK.

The Audit Commission says it is confident that last year's total of pounds 76.3m
detected fraud will be exceeded. "We expect detection rates to continue upwards
and we see that as a success story," said Derek Purdy, head of the Audit
Commission's anti-fraud investigation unit.

The lucrative nature of welfare fraud was highlighted last week, with the
disclosure of the biggest housing benefit fraud for decades, involving pounds
1.8m.

Frank Field, the minister for welfare reform, disclosed that members of an
extended family were alleged to have falsely claimed pounds 600,000 in housing
benefit and income support involving mortgages over which they had also
defrauded building societies to the tune of pounds 1.2m.

It also emerged that some of those arrested, following raids on four north
London homes last month, held social security ID documents for both London and
New York and may have been defrauding authorities in the United States.

Welfare fraud in the UK is estimated to amount to around pounds 4bn, out of a
welfare budget of around pounds 83bn. Last year 208,000 cases of benefit fraud
were detected in England and Wales, an increase of 25 per cent on the previous
year. There were 13,000 prosecutions.

The Government pays out pounds 11bn in housing benefit to 4.7 million people
each year, of which 40 per cent are pensioners. Housing benefit fraud amounts
annually to pounds 1bn; one in 12 claims is fraudulent but only one in a hundred
fraudsters is caught.

London remains the capital for welfare fraud with pounds 18.6m of detected fraud
in inner London last year. Outer London had the second highest amount of
detected fraud with pounds 9.8m.

Many hopes are pinned on the work of the pounds 3m London Organised Fraud
Investigation Team (Lofit), which was involved in exposing the pounds 1.8m north
London scam. Comprising 20 specialist investigators funded by the DSS, Lofit is
expected to become a model for nationwide initiatives against fraud.

"It is targeting organised gangs," said a DSS spokesman. "Their remit is not to
chase the bloke claiming pounds 10 he's not entitled to."

Mr Field hailed the work of Lofit, saying: "We're going for the big boys.  This
is often dangerous work and you should not underestimate the risk the staff have
to take. They have to deal with some pretty nasty people."

Organised criminal fraud forms only a small part of the picture. The majority of
benefit fraud involves individuals misrepresenting their circumstances, for
example, claiming to live alone when they are co- habiting.

"People see the big cases and think the benefits system is rife with organised
gangs. In our experience the majority of fraud is small scale," said a DSS
spokeswoman.

The Audit Commission, conscious that councils have been targeted for housing
benefit fraud is carrying out an intensive review of councils' arrangements for
preventing benefit fraud.

Chancellor Gordon Brown is keen to switch benefit for those in low-paid work
into a pay cheque tax credit. Until recently, criminal prosecution has been the
only option for those fighting fraud but the DSS has announced new civil
penalties for welfare cheats, forcing those caught to pay a 30 per cent
administrative fee on top of the repayment of the stolen money.


LOAD-DATE: June 02, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1998 Independent Print Ltd


                             768 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                 July 24, 1989

Seven Indicted In Ill.  'Kickback Scheme'

BYLINE: By Jerry DeMuth, NTMN Correspondent

SECTION: Pg. 5

LENGTH: 588 words

DATELINE: CHICAGO


The former presidents of two failed thrifts and one failed bank, three real
estate developers and an attorney have been indicted by a Federal grand jury in
connection with an alleged $ 30 million loan fraud and kickback scheme.

The charges include racketeering, conspiracy, misapplication of funds, mail
fraud, wire fraud, and violations of Federal regulations pertaining to loans to
one borrower, loans to officers and transaction record-keeping in connection
with the giving of property, loans and other money to the developers.

"The losses that were incurred as the result of this fraud, and which will grow,
were at least $ 10 million," said U. S. Attorney Anton Valukas when announcing
the charges.

"These three bank presidents and the developers used the institutions as piggy
banks by systematically looting them."

Those named in the indictments include: John Franklin Rosch, 51, of Glen Ellyn,
Ill., former president and chief executive of Glen Ellyn Savings and Loan;
Timothy Heuer, 29, of Dallas, former president of First Savings and Loan
Association of South Beloit, Ill.; and Alan Kirchner, 52, of Asheville, N.C.,
former president of American Bank of Alma, Wis.

Mr. Rosch, an attorney, also performed legal services on behalf of Glen Ellyn
Savings, according to the indictment.

Glen Ellyn and First Savings were placed into receivership by the Federal Home
Loan Bank Board on Sept. 20, 1985 and Oct. 2, 1986, respectively.

Glen Ellyn was acquired last December by Citicorp Savings of Illinois with $
20.3 million in assistance from the FHLBB.

First Savings, reorganized as Republic Savings, was acquired in July 1988 by
River Valley Savings Bank of Peoria, Ill., with $ 16 million in Federal
assistance.

The Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. took control of American Bank on June 20,
1986.

Also indicted were Texas developer James Reagin, 54, of Houston and Dallas;
David R. David, 35, of Sugarland, Texas, an attorney and former associate of Mr.
Reagin; and C. Gary Spaniak, 57, of Cape Coral, Fla. and Norbert Murray, 53, of
Naples, Fla., former chairman and former president, respectively of Shopping
Center Development Co. of America.

In addition, Michael Pietrzak, 40, of Glen Ellyn, Ill., an attorney and former
associate of Mr. Rosch, was charged in a criminal information with two counts of
aiding and abetting an officer of Glen Ellyn Savings in misapplying a total of $
200 million.

He allegedly acted as a nominee borrower for a $ 1.1 million loan from Glen
Ellyn Savings that was used to fund a development project in a Chicago suburb in
which Mr. Rosch was a partner.

Loans totaling approximately $ 30 million were made to the three developers by
the three banking officials, according to the 31-count indictment.

Mr. Rosch was charged with receiving a $ 1 million payment from Mr. Reagin in
return for granting the developer four loans totaling $ 9.6 million and an
options contract to purchase 90% of the stock of Glen Ellyn Savings.

This was done without the approval or knowledge of the board, who also were not
notified when these and other loans became delinquent, the indictment alleges.

The indictment further charges that Messrs. Rosch and Reagin conspired to
conceal from the FSLIC Mr. Reagin's subsequent purchase, through the use of
nominees, of Glen Ellyn Savings from Mr. Rosch for a total of $ 3,001,368.

Mr. Rosch and others also were charged with the willful misapplication of the
funds and credits of Glen Ellyn Savings in amounts totaling $ 15.42 million.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1989 National Thrift News, Inc.


                             769 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                             March 17, 2009 Tuesday
                           4 State / Suncoast Edition

FLORIDA IS NO. 2 IN LOAN FRAUD

BYLINE: JAMES THORNER, Times Staff Writer

SECTION: TAMPA BAY; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 431 words



HIGHLIGHT: Mortgage schemes have shifted toward foreclosure rescue scams, a
survey finds.


Three years after the housing boom turned to housing bust, Florida still churns
out fraudulent home loans at nearly three times the rate of the national
average.

Though we're no longer tops nationally for tainted mortgages - that dubious
honor now belongs to Rhode Island - borrowers continue to put one over on
lenders.

Crooks' access to slicker technology, including computer programs that forge tax
forms and pay stubs, have kept mortgage lenders on their toes.

And a larger chunk of the crooked activity involves foreclosure rescue scams,
said Denise James, who helped conduct the 2008 state-by-state survey for the
Mortgage Asset Research Institute.

"If in the past it was a crime of opportunity, now it's generally being
committed as a crime of desperation," James said.

In Florida, the Tampa Bay area trailed Miami in its rate of fraud. In Miami, the
most common trick was listing incorrect assets on a mortgage application, a
reflection of that market's higher housing prices. Tampa fraudsters typically
worked with inflated housing appraisals to flip a property for fast cash.

The overall national survey showed a 26 percent rise in fraud and
misrepresentation from 2007 to 2008. The research institute, whose subscribers
represent about 70 percent of loan originators in the United States, said the
results don't prove fraud is exploding. Loan originations are a trickle of what
they were in 2005. Greater vigilance on the part of lenders burned in the
mortgage meltdown accounts for the much of the rising case volume.

"Fraud for housing" - people misrepresenting facts on their application to buy a
private residence - makes up about 80 percent of the cases. "Fraud for profit,"
often a criminal collaboration involving straw buyers, makes up the remaining 20
percent. But the profiteers wreak most of the financial devastation estimated at
$15 billion to $25 billion in 2008.

The Mortgage Bankers Association is pushing to simplify loans and trim excess
paperwork on the theory that criminals thrive in the profusion of documents.

"Fraud always enjoys confusion," said John Courson, the association's chief
executive.

* * *

Less bad in 2008

Florida's rate of mortgage fraud receded slightly in 2008 after several years of
growth.

2008: 2.79 times the national average.

2007: 3.12 times the national average.

2006: 2.1 times the national average

2005: 1.77 times the national average

2004: 1.76 times the national average.

* * *

Top states

Top 10 top states for mortgage fraud in 2008

1. Rhode Island

2. Florida

3. Illinois

4. Georgia

5. Maryland

6. New York

7. Michigan

8. California

9. Missouri

10. Colorado

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2009 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             770 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Telegraph-Journal (New Brunswick)

                             March 28, 2014 Friday

Scary moment after WHL playoff game as Brandon star Hawryluk collapses

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B9

LENGTH: 665 words


Baseball

Hutchison looks solid, wins Blue Jays' game

CLEARWATER, Fla. - Drew Hutchison gave up one hit in 5 1?3 scoreless innings and
led the Toronto Blue Jays past the Philadelphia Phillies 3-0 on Thursday.
Hutchison is scheduled to start Toronto's second regular-season game against the
Tampa Bay Rays on Tuesday. He allowed a single to Jimmy Rollins in the fourth,
walked three and struck out three. The right-hander beat out several candidates,
including Todd Redmond, Esmil Rogers and Ricky Romero, for a spot in the
rotation. He was 5-3 with a 4.60 ERA in 11 starts as a rookie last season. "I
battled today," Hutchison said. "I wasn't really crisp. I got behind way too
much, actually. But on days like that, I can come back and make good pitches,
it's a good sign." Dioner Navarro hit a sacrifice fly off Phillies starter A.J.
Burnett in the fourth. The right-hander signed a two-year, $22.5-million deal
with Philadelphia in February after spending the last two seasons with
Pittsburgh.

Crime

NBA player's father gets prison sentence

LAS VEGAS - The father of NBA rookie Shabazz Muhammad was sentenced to more than
three years in federal prison and ordered to repay almost $1.7 million in
restitution after pleading guilty in a Las Vegas mortgage fraud case. Ronald
Holmes apologized Thursday before Senior U.S. District Judge Larry Hicks
sentenced him in Las Vegas to 37 months in prison and five years of supervised
release. Holmes is due to surrender May 30 to begin his sentence. His defence
attorney, Michael Lippman, says Holmes looks forward to putting the case behind
him. Holmes pleaded guilty in December to felony conspiracy to commit mail, wire
and bank fraud. Prosecutors agreed to drop two bank fraud counts. Holmes'
21-year-old son played for UCLA before joining the Minnesota Timberwolves.

Hockey

WHL player collapses after playoff victory

BRANDON, Man. - Brandon Wheat Kings forward Jayce Hawryluk was admitted to
hospital after collapsing following the Wheat Kings' 5-4 win over Regina in Game
3 of a Western Hockey League's Eastern Conference quarter-final. Hawryluk scored
three goals and added an assist in Brandon's comeback victory on Wednesday.
"Jayce was taken to hospital after tonight's game," Wheat Kings head coach Kelly
McCrimmon said in a release. "While concerned, the club believes it is not
serious. Until we have more information, we cannot pinpoint the cause. Jayce is
resting comfortably." The Wheat Kings lead the series 3-0. Game 4 is Friday
night in Brandon.

Basketball

Canadian guard will enter NBA draft

SYRACUSE, N.Y. - Canadian guard Tyler Ennis will enter his name in the 2014 NBA
draft, announcing his decision less than a week after his rookie season at
Syracuse came to an end. "I'd like to thank coach (Jim) Boeheim, the coaching
staff, my teammates and the amazing fans of Syracuse for the opportunity to play
at a great university like Syracuse," Ennis said in a release posted on the
Syracuse website Thursday. "I feel this experience has helped prepare me to
fulfil my lifelong dream - to play in the NBA." The 19-year-old from Brampton,
Ont., started all 34 games for the Orange and averaged 12.9 points, 3.4
rebounds, 5.5 assists and 2.1 steals. He also averaged 35.7 minutes per game,
the second-highest on the team. Syracuse opened March Madness with an easy 77-53
victory over Western Michigan last week in Buffalo. They were eliminated from
the tournament Saturday in a 55-53 loss to Dayton. Ennis earned spots on both
the all-ACC defensive and freshmen teams. He is one of six finalists for the
2014 Wayman Tisdale freshman of the year award and the Bob Cousy award that goes
to the NCAA's top point guard. He's one of 15 players on the final ballot for
the Wooden Award as the NCAA's top player along with fellow Canadians Andrew
Wiggins (Kansas) and Nik Stauskas (Michigan). He's also one of 15 finalists for
the Oscar Robertson Trophy, which goes to the top NCAA player as voted on by the
United States Basketball Writers Association.

LOAD-DATE: March 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 The Telegraph Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                             771 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Joplin Globe (Missouri)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           October 3, 2012 Wednesday

Carthage property manager pleads guilty to $400,000 worth of fraud

BYLINE: Jeff Lehr, The Joplin Globe, Mo.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 553 words


Oct. 03--CARTHAGE, Mo. -- The manager of four Carthage apartment complexes
pleaded guilty Wednesday in federal court to counts of wire fraud, money
laundering and tax fraud stemming from her thefts of rent payments and hijacking
of construction contracts.

Barbara J. Evans, 54, waived her right to a grand jury and pleaded guilty to the
three counts in U.S. District Court in Springfield. She faces up to 43 years in
prison without parole and a possible order of restitution, with a sentencing
hearing to be scheduled once a pre-sentence investigation is done.

The U.S. attorney's office for the Western District of Missouri puts the extent
of the thefts and fraud committed by Evans at almost $400,000.

In her capacity as a property manager for Preservation Housing Management, a
Boston-based company with an office in Kansas City, Evans supervised the
Deerfield Village, Highland Acres, Highland Meadows and Maplewood Manor
apartments in Carthage.

Between 2003 and 2011, Evans stole $206,069 by pocketing portions of rent
payments made by tenants at Deerfield Village, according to the U.S. attorney's
office.

She would calculate correctly the move-in rent amounts of low-income tenants
eligible for federal rental subsidies. But when tenants reported an increase in
income, she would delay reporting their corresponding increases in rent to PHM.

As a result, the prosecutor's office said, the tenants would pay correct, higher
rental amounts to Evans, but she would continue providing the lower amounts to
the company, keeping the difference for herself.

In carrying out the scheme, she would cash or deposit tenants' rent payments
into her own bank account and then buy money orders for lesser amounts. She then
forged the tenants' signatures on the money orders and represented them as their
rent payments to PHM.

Evans also steered $191,922 worth of construction work at the four apartment
complexes to a single contractor between 2006 and 2009 in violation of PHM's own
competitive bidding policy, the U.S. attorney's office said. She was reprimanded
by PHM in 2006, according to the U.S. attorney's office.

But, just four months later, in September 2006, Evans created A.J. Construction
and began submitting bids and invoices to PHM for work at all four apartment
complexes.

PHM policy required that at least two or three bids be obtained on any project
costing more than $5,000. But Evans got around the requirement by submitting
fictitious competing bids and falsifying insurance documents, which ensured that
A.J. Construction would get all the contracts, the U.S. attorney's office said.
The contractor reportedly performed no work for any entity other than PHM.

Evans' schemes reportedly led to her filing of false federal tax returns from
2006 through 2010. In those years, she failed to report $171,790 of income,
resulting in a tax loss to the federal government of $28,737.

Agencies

THE CONVICTION OF BARBARA EVANS announced Wednesday by the U.S. attorney's
office in Springfield was brought about by a joint investigation of the
Department of Housing and Urban Development's Office of Inspector General, the
Missouri State Highway Patrol and the Internal Revenue Service.

___ (c)2012 The Joplin Globe (Joplin, Mo.) Visit The Joplin Globe (Joplin, Mo.)
at www.joplinglobe.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20121003-JL-Carthage-property-manager-pleads-guilty-to-400,000-worth-of-
fraud-1003-20121003

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JL


                        Copyright 2012 The Joplin Globe


                             772 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Day (New London, Connecticut)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            August 28, 2012 Tuesday

Groton man gets three-month sentence for mortgage fraud

BYLINE: Lee Howard, The Day, New London, Conn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 426 words


Aug. 28--Four people, including a Groton man, have been sentenced for their
roles in a New London-centered mortgage fraud led by Syed A. "Ali" Babar, the
U.S. Attorney's Office announced today.

Among those sentenced in Hartford Friday by U.S. District Court Judge Alvin W.
Thompson was 29-year-old Wilson Nicolas of Groton, who pleaded guilty last year
to one count of conspiracy to commit wire fraud for allowing his name to be used
on mortgage applications to buy two properties in New Haven at fraudulently
inflated prices. Wilson was sentenced to three months of imprisonment followed
by three years of supervised release and was ordered to pay restitution of more
than $270,000.

According to his indictment, Nicolas served as a straw buyer in Babar-led
purchases of homes at 243 Starr St. for $175,000 and 88 Hazel St. for $180,000.

"Babar had instructed Nicolas to open a joint bank account with an individual
whom Nicolas did not know in order to give the appearance Nicolas had access to
more money than he actually had," according to a summary of the case provided by
the U.S. Attorney's Office Nicolas received $40,000 in cash from a
co-conspirator and later returned $8,000 to the co-conspirator to be used in
another real estate transaction."

Nicolas defaulted on both loans and never occupied either house, according to
prosecutors.

Others tied to the Babar conspiracy were Alicia Martineau, 25, of West Haven, a
straw buyer who was sentenced to six months in prison and ordered to pay
restitution of a little over $100,000; Lisa Depa, 26, of Middletown, a straw
buyer who was sentenced to five years of probation and ordered to pay
restitution of more than $328,000, and Richard Novak, 49, a Middletown attorney
who was sentenced to five years of probation and ordered to pay restitution of
$145,000 for signing documents that contained false statements during the
closing of a fraudulent real estate deal in East Haven.

Prosecutors say Babar, a New London High School graduate, led a scheme between
February 2007 and April 2010 that led to about 30 fraudulent mortgage
transactions and included sham sales contracts, fraudulent appraisals and false
loan applications. Babar, who earlier this year was sentenced to 10 years in
federal prison, cost lenders about $4.75 million in losses, authorities have
said.

So far, 13 people have been convicted in the Babar scheme. Six received prison
terms of between 30 and 90 months.

___ (c)2012 The Day (New London, Conn.) Visit The Day (New London, Conn.) at
www.theday.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120828-NL-Groton-man-gets-three-month-sentence-for-mortgage-fraud
-0828-20120828

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NL


                             Copyright 2012 The Day


                             773 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                          September 15, 2011 Thursday

Regional report/ Third person charged in mortgage fraud case

BYLINE: Pioneer Press

SECTION: INTL BIZ BRIEFING

LENGTH: 556 words


The long line of Twin Cities mortgage fraud cases that flourished during the
housing boom led to another indictment Thursday, as a 48-year-old Savage woman
was charged for her alleged role in a $10 million scam.

An indictment against Barbara Lynnae Puro, a real estate agent, was unsealed
Thursday. The indictment charges her with one count of conspiracy to commit wire
fraud and 12 counts of wire fraud.

From 2005 until 2008, prosecutors allege Puro arranged to sell homes to "straw
buyers" at inflated prices. After the sales closed, they said, proceeds from the
sales were routed to Puro, the buyers and other co-conspirators.

Prosecutors allege that Puro and co-conspirators had straw purchasers buy
approximately 22 residential properties in Minnesota. The deals resulted in more
than $10 million in fraudulent loans and losses of about $5.3 million.

Robert Christensen, Puro's attorney, said Thursday that it's still early in the
case and declined to comment.

Zack Zafer Dyab, 46, of Golden Valley, pleaded guilty Oct. 26 to one count of
conspiracy to commit wire fraud and one count of money laundering related to the
$10 million scheme. Court records show he was sentenced to 10 years in prison.
An alleged third co-conspirator, Julia Alexander Rozhansky, 46, of Minnetonka,
also pleaded guilty to the same charges Oct. 26. She is scheduled to be
sentenced today.

Navarre Corp. names new CEO

New Hope-based Navarre Corp., a distributor and publisher of computer games and
software, said Thursday that Richard Willis has been appointed the company's new
chief executive and president.

Willis, 51, most recently served as executive chairman of Charlotte Russe, a
women's clothing chain, and CEO of several companies, including Baker & Taylor,
Troll Communications and Bell Sports. He has been a member of Navarre's board of
directors since February.

Former CEO Cary Deacon left the company in April, following an announcement that
Navarre had sold its FUNimation Entertainment unit for $24 million in cash.

The sale of FUNimation was part of a previously announced intent to move from
being a distributor of digital media, such as music CDs and DVDs, to becoming a
software provider.

BRIEFLY

Working Mother magazine once again named Golden Valley-based General Mills,
Carlson of Minnetonka and Bloomington-based McGladrey to its 100 Best Companies
list for their family-friendly policies. All three made the list last
year....Fridley-based Medtronic said Thursday it received a second clearance
from the Food and Drug Administration for its TSRH Spinal System to treat
adolescent idiopathic scoliosis with pedicle screws....Members of the United
Food and Commercial Workers Union at Hormel Foods plants in Wisconsin,
Minnesota, Nebraska, Iowa and Georgia, voted to accept a new four-year contract
with the company. Hormel is based in Austin, Minn....Alliant Techsystems, Eden
Prairie, received a $30 million order to supply nonstandard ammunition to the
security forces of Afghanistan via the U.S. Army's product director,
Non-Standard Ammunition, Picatinny Arsenal, N.J.

INSIDER TRADES

Angeion Corp.: Robert Munzenrider, director, bought 6,000 shares Sept. 8 at
$4.23-$4.28 per share; holds 18,401 shares.

Patterson Cos.: Ellen Rudnick, director, bought 2,000 shares Sept. 8 at $28.40
per share; holds 12,392 shares.

-- From staff and wire reports

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             774 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                    October 15, 1988, Saturday, City Edition

LaRouche indicted on fraud charges

SECTION: NATIONAL; update; Pg. 11A

LENGTH: 645 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON; PROVIDENCE, R.I.; BATON ROUGE, La.; LOS ANGELES



WASHINGTON - Political extremist Lyndon H. LaRouche Jr. was indicted    Friday
by a federal grand jury in Alexandria, Va., for conspiracy to    defraud the
Internal Revenue Service by allegedly failing to file    income tax returns
since 1979. LaRouche and six associates also were    charged with conspiracy and
mail fraud in fund-raising efforts that    allegedly netted his organization $
34-million. Other criminal charges    pending against the group include federal
obstruction of justice. In    the new case, defendants conspired to "raise funds
by promising that    money loaned to the organization would be paid back at
specific times    and with specific rates of interest, when the defendants well
knew that    the loans would not be repaid in the manner promised," the
indictment    said.



 Kissing sailor    dispute settled

 PROVIDENCE, R.I. - Time Inc. and a man claiming to be the sailor    kissing a
nurse in a famous World War II photograph have settled a    lawsuit the man
filed contending Life magazine was profiting from sales    of the picture. The
photograph, which appeared in the Aug. 27, 1945,    issue of Life, showed a
nurse and the sailor kissing as crowds of    people gathered in New York City's
Times Square to celebrate Japan's    surrender. George Mendonsa, 64, sued for $
100,000. A judge approved an    agreement that does not include an exchange of
money. As part of the    settlement, Mendonsa acknowledges that Time Inc.
possesses a valid    copyright and may use the photograph. Mendonsa's attorney
said, "All    that he's getting is that he is being given an opportunity to get
that    report in there that says he is the sailor in the picture." At least
23 men have claimed that they are the sailor in the photograph,    according to
the judge.



 Swaggart group    stops construction

 BATON ROUGE, La. - Jimmy Swaggart Ministries has stopped work on a    $
12.9-million construction program that was begun shortly before he was
defrocked by the Assemblies of God. "We're trusting sometime next year    - in
the middle of the year or late spring - to get back (to    construction). Those
are hopes," said board member and spokesman Bill    Treeby of New Orleans. The
Assemblies of God dismissed Swaggart in    February after he refused a
rehabilitation program they ordered after    Swaggart's teary confession that he
had committed unspecified sins.



 Sterile medflies    released in L.A.

 LOS ANGELES - Sterile Mediterranean fruit flies are being deployed by    the
millions in an effort to eradicate an infestation of the    crop-destroying pest
on the city's West Side. About 8-million sterile    flies were released Thursday
and millions more will be turned loose for    the next several days, officials
said.



 Ex-AID official gets    5-year sentence

 WASHINGTON - A former financial officer with the Agency for    International
Development who admitted embezzling $ 1.37-million was    sentenced Friday to
five years in prison. U.S. District Judge Norma    Holloway Johnson ordered
William J. Burns, 48, to begin serving his    sentence immediately despite a
request from his defense lawyer to allow    Burns another 10 days of freedom to
say farewell to his wife and two    young sons. Under the 1984 sentencing law
Burns cannot be paroled    before serving the full five-year prison term.
Prosecutor James Cole    said the theft, "if not the largest, is certainly one
of the largest    single thefts of public funds" in U.S. history. The money "was
not    stolen out of a need, it was stolen out of pure greed."



LOAD-DATE: November 11, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: DIGEST

                            Times Publishing Company


                             775 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                            March 4, 2015 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

FTC says St. Louis area is a hotbed for identity theft

BYLINE:  By Jim Gallagher St. Louis Post-Dispatch

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A8

LENGTH: 540 words


St. Louis has the dubious distinction of having the third-highest rate of
identity theft among major metropolitan areas in 2014, the Federal Trade
Commission says in a recent report.

A "very large percent" of those cases involved thieves filing false income tax
returns to claim a victim's refund, C. Steven Baker, director of the FTC's
Midwest region, told the Post-Dispatch Tuesday.

The FTC reported 5,724 complaints of ID theft in 2014 in St. Louis. That is a
rate of 204 per 100,000 population.

Among the nation's 50 metro areas with high rates of ID theft, only Seattle and
Miami fared worse than St. Louis, with Miami reporting a rate of 316 per
100,000.

Besides tax refund fraud, the crime count also includes false credit cards and
other accounts taken out in a victim's name.

St. Louis wasn't on the top 50 list in 2013, and it was unclear why the region
became a hub for ID theft last year.

Baker said the complaint rate remains heavy in 2015, as well.

"There is still lots and lots of computer tax ID fraud in St. Louis," he said.

To measure fraud, the FTC gathers data from its own complaint files, from the
FBI, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and from states and local police.

Refund fraud has grown rapidly in recent years.

Thieves obtain names, Social Security numbers and other personal information,
often by hacking into company computer systems, or by luring victims into
revealing the data through phone scams or email "phishing" expeditions.

Sometimes they simply burglarize doctor offices and walk off with their
computers.

Such data is sold on a black market to identity thieves. The thieves then file
false income tax returns electronically. They sometimes direct the electronic
refunds into prepaid debit cards, and sometimes intercept refund checks mailed
to private homes.

Baker said he didn't know how the thieves got information on so many St. Louis
victims. The IRS wouldn't comment on that subject.

Last month, two 25-year-old Florida men were sentenced to federal prison and
ordered to repay $493,000 for running an ID theft ring with a St. Louis
connection.

Terrell Langston was sentenced to six years and Montrail Austin to two years.
Federal prosecutors in St. Louis said they used other people to collect the
refunds at addresses in Missouri and Florida.

The case was broken when St. Louis police stopped a driver on a traffic offense
and found debit cards in various names in the car.

---

TIPS FOR AVOIDING ID THEFT

o Don't carry your Social Security card or any documents that include your
Social Security number or Individual Taxpayer Identification Number.

o Protect your Social Security and tax ID number, giving them only when
required.

o Check your credit report for false accounts every 12 months.

o Secure personal information in your home.

o Protect your personal computers by using firewalls and anti-spam/virus
software, updating security patches and changing passwords for Internet
accounts.

o Don't give personal information over the phone, through the mail or on the
Internet unless you have initiated the contact and are sure of the recipient.

o Be careful when you choose a tax preparer. Most preparers provide excellent
service, but there are a few who are unscrupulous.

Source: Internal Revenue Service.

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Federal Trade Commission logo, from website.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: ADVICE

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             776 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 25, 2015 Wednesday

Washington: West Coast Man Charged with Operating Stock Scheme That Caused $27
Million Loss to Investors

LENGTH: 548  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

A criminal information was filed charging a West Coast man for a variety of
charges for his role in an investment scheme that caused investors to lose $27
million, said Steven M. Dettelbach, U.S. Attorney for the Northern District of
Ohio, and Stephen D. Anthony, Special Agent in Charge of the Federal Bureau of
Investigation's Cleveland Office.

Izak Zirk De Maison, (aka Izak Zirk Engelbrecht, aka Zirk Engelbrecht), 58, of
Redland Hills, California and Seattle, was charged with with one count of
conspiracy to commit securities and wire fraud, two counts of securities fraud
and securities violations, and four counts of wire fraud.

"Investors need to be confident that the price of stock reflects a company's
worth and not the market being manipulated," Dettelbach said.

The information charges that from September 28, 2006, through September 18,
2014, De Maison, together with at least ten other co-conspirators, agreed to
defraud investors and potential investors using five public companies that he
created and controlled, including Lenco Mobile, Kensington Leasing, Ltd.,
Casablanca Mining, Ltd., Lustros, Inc., and Gepco Ltd.

It was a part of the scheme that De Maison issued millions of shares of the
companies to himself and his co-conspirators at little or no cost and then
artificially pumped the price and inflated the trading volume of the stocks
through manipulative trading techniques, such as match trades, wash trades, and
marking the close trades, according to the information.

De Maison used brokers, consultants, and boiler-room promoters in New York, Los
Angeles, and Cleveland to peddle his shares in the companies to victim clients
and investors, and paid these co-conspirators undisclosed commissions for
selling off his shares at the inflated prices. Little or no portion of the
investments went to fund the operations of the companies. Rather, De Maison and
his co-conspirators treated their shares in the companies as currency, using
most of the victims' investments to enrich themselves, according to the
information.

De Maison and his co-conspirators caused more than $54 million to be invested in
the purchase of stock in the companies. De Maison caused a loss to investors in
the amount of approximately $27 million from the scheme, according to the
information.

This case is being handled by Assistant U.S. Attorneys Christos N. Georgalis and
Adam Hollingsworth after an investigation by agents of the Federal Bureau of
Investigation, with assistance from the Securities and Exchange Commission.

If convicted, the defendant's sentence will be determined by the Court after a
review of factors unique to the case, including the defendant's prior criminal
record, if any, the defendant's role in the offense, and the characteristics of
the violation. In all cases the sentence will not exceed the statutory maximum
and in most cases it will be less than the maximum.

An information is only a charge and is not evidence of guilt. A defendant is
entitled to a fair trial in which it will be the government's burden to prove
guilt beyond a reasonable doubt.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com


LOAD-DATE: March 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             777 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 29, 2014 Monday

North Carolina: Charlotte Man Sentenced To 46 Months In Prison For His Role In A
Mortgage Fraud Scheme

LENGTH: 718  words

DATELINE: Raleigh


United States Attorney's Office for the western District of North Carolina has
issued the following press release:

Former NFL football player Jimmy Hitchcock was sentenced on Tuesday, September
23, 2014, to serve 46 months in federal prison, to be followed by two years of
supervised release, for his role in a multi-million mortgage fraud conspiracy,
announced U.S. Attorney Anne M. Tompkins.

U.S. Attorney Tompkins is joined in making today's announcement by John A.
Strong, Special Agent in Charge of the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI),
Charlotte Division, Thomas J. Holloman III, Special Agent in Charge of the
Internal Revenue Service, Criminal Investigation Division (IRS-CI).

Hitchock, 43, of Clemmons, N.C., pleaded guilty in June 2013 to one count of
mortgage fraud conspiracy, one count of bank bribery conspiracy and one count of
money laundering conspiracy. In sentencing Hitchcock yesterday, Chief U.S.
District Judge Frank D. Whitney found that Hitchcock was the leader or organizer
of this mortgage fraud conspiracy and further that Hitchcock had engaged in a
sophisticated scheme by, among other things, creating bogus "official checks"
that could be used to make it appear as if buyers had made down payments when in
fact they had not. According to court documents, Hitchcock created other false
documents to support the mortgage fraud transactions and recruited a bank
insider to assist in the fraud, by paying her bribes to provide bogus
verifications of deposit to support the mortgage fraud transactions.

According to information presented at the sentencing hearing, the losses
incurred by financial and lending institutions associated with the mortgage
fraud transactions that Hitchcock participated in were approximately $4.5
million. Additionally, Hitchcock personally received more than $500,000 from the
loan proceeds fraudulently obtained by the conspiracy during the sixteen months
it operated.

Hitchcock has been in federal custody since his September 2012 arrest in on
these charges.

Hitchcock was one of six defendants charged in a second superseding bill of
indictment for their role in this mortgage fraud conspiracy, and is the fourth
in this conspiracy to be sentenced. The other defendants sentenced to date are:

o Christopher T. Belin, 35, of Norfolk, Va. - Real estate agent and promoter was
sentenced to 33 months in prison, followed by three years of supervised release.

o Mitzi Jackson, 41, of Mint Hill, S.C. - Bank insider, sentenced to nine months
in prison, followed by one year of supervised release with nine months home
detention.
o Coley Scagliarini, 40, of Charlotte - Mortgage broker, sentenced to 46 months
in prison, followed by two years supervised release.

Co-defendant Michelle Mallard, 47, of Montgomery, Ala. is scheduled to be
sentenced on October 28, 2014. A sentencing date has not yet been set for
co-defendant James E. Fink, 44, of Waxhaw, N.C.

Ninety-one (91) people have been charged to date in Operation Wax House. To
date, eighty-four (84) defendants have pleaded guilty and three have been found
guilty at trial. Operation Wax House in the Western District of North Carolina
is being handled by the Charlotte Division of the FBI and the Criminal
Investigation Division of the IRS for the Financial Fraud Enforcement Task
Force, along with the Securities Division of the North Carolina Secretary of
State with respect to a separate prosecution. The prosecution for the government
was handled by Assistant United States Attorneys Kurt W. Meyers and Maria K.
Vento.

The President's Financial Fraud Enforcement Task Force includes representatives
from a broad range of federal agencies, regulatory authorities, inspectors
general, and state and local law enforcement who, working together, bring to
bear a powerful array of criminal and civil enforcement resources. The task
force is working to improve efforts across the federal executive branch, and
with state and local partners, to investigate and prosecute significant
financial crimes, ensure just and effective punishment for those who perpetrate
financial crimes, combat discrimination in the lending and financial markets,
and recover proceeds for victims of financial crimes.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             778 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 25, 2014 Thursday

North Carolina: Charlotte Man Sentenced To 46 Months In Prison For His Role In A
Mortgage Fraud Scheme

LENGTH: 718  words

DATELINE: Raleigh


United States Attorney's Office for the western District of North Carolina has
issued the following press release:

Former NFL football player Jimmy Hitchcock was sentenced on Tuesday, September
23, 2014, to serve 46 months in federal prison, to be followed by two years of
supervised release, for his role in a multi-million mortgage fraud conspiracy,
announced U.S. Attorney Anne M. Tompkins.

U.S. Attorney Tompkins is joined in making today's announcement by John A.
Strong, Special Agent in Charge of the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI),
Charlotte Division, Thomas J. Holloman III, Special Agent in Charge of the
Internal Revenue Service, Criminal Investigation Division (IRS-CI).

Hitchock, 43, of Clemmons, N.C., pleaded guilty in June 2013 to one count of
mortgage fraud conspiracy, one count of bank bribery conspiracy and one count of
money laundering conspiracy. In sentencing Hitchcock yesterday, Chief U.S.
District Judge Frank D. Whitney found that Hitchcock was the leader or organizer
of this mortgage fraud conspiracy and further that Hitchcock had engaged in a
sophisticated scheme by, among other things, creating bogus "official checks"
that could be used to make it appear as if buyers had made down payments when in
fact they had not. According to court documents, Hitchcock created other false
documents to support the mortgage fraud transactions and recruited a bank
insider to assist in the fraud, by paying her bribes to provide bogus
verifications of deposit to support the mortgage fraud transactions.

According to information presented at the sentencing hearing, the losses
incurred by financial and lending institutions associated with the mortgage
fraud transactions that Hitchcock participated in were approximately $4.5
million. Additionally, Hitchcock personally received more than $500,000 from the
loan proceeds fraudulently obtained by the conspiracy during the sixteen months
it operated.

Hitchcock has been in federal custody since his September 2012 arrest in on
these charges.

Hitchcock was one of six defendants charged in a second superseding bill of
indictment for their role in this mortgage fraud conspiracy, and is the fourth
in this conspiracy to be sentenced. The other defendants sentenced to date are:

o Christopher T. Belin, 35, of Norfolk, Va. - Real estate agent and promoter was
sentenced to 33 months in prison, followed by three years of supervised release.

o Mitzi Jackson, 41, of Mint Hill, S.C. - Bank insider, sentenced to nine months
in prison, followed by one year of supervised release with nine months home
detention.
o Coley Scagliarini, 40, of Charlotte - Mortgage broker, sentenced to 46 months
in prison, followed by two years supervised release.

Co-defendant Michelle Mallard, 47, of Montgomery, Ala. is scheduled to be
sentenced on October 28, 2014. A sentencing date has not yet been set for
co-defendant James E. Fink, 44, of Waxhaw, N.C.

Ninety-one (91) people have been charged to date in Operation Wax House. To
date, eighty-four (84) defendants have pleaded guilty and three have been found
guilty at trial. Operation Wax House in the Western District of North Carolina
is being handled by the Charlotte Division of the FBI and the Criminal
Investigation Division of the IRS for the Financial Fraud Enforcement Task
Force, along with the Securities Division of the North Carolina Secretary of
State with respect to a separate prosecution. The prosecution for the government
was handled by Assistant United States Attorneys Kurt W. Meyers and Maria K.
Vento.

The President's Financial Fraud Enforcement Task Force includes representatives
from a broad range of federal agencies, regulatory authorities, inspectors
general, and state and local law enforcement who, working together, bring to
bear a powerful array of criminal and civil enforcement resources. The task
force is working to improve efforts across the federal executive branch, and
with state and local partners, to investigate and prosecute significant
financial crimes, ensure just and effective punishment for those who perpetrate
financial crimes, combat discrimination in the lending and financial markets,
and recover proceeds for victims of financial crimes.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             779 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                   December 27, 2004 Monday Marshall Edition

New fraud charge filed in First Choice investigation;
Former Mishawaka man agrees to move case to South Bend and admit guilt

BYLINE: By MATTHEW S. GALBRAITH; Tribune Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B2

LENGTH: 310 words



SOUTH BEND -- A federal criminal case filed in Missouri is an outgrowth of the
alleged fraud committed through Mishawaka-based First Choice Management
Services.

At least three criminal cases now have been filed in connection with the alleged
investment scheme, which the government says took in more than $20 million.

The attorney for Patrick Ballinger, formerly of Mishawaka, has filed documents
in federal court in the Western District of Missouri indicating Ballinger's wish
to transfer the case to northern Indiana for a guilty plea and sentencing.

Ballinger was charged with frauds and swindles. He's accused of selling more
than $16 million in phony time-share interests in two hotels in Branson, Mo., a
major entertainment center.

Ballinger will plead guilty to the count in South Bend, court records show.

Ballinger and others developed a new fraud scheme with First Choice Management
assets after the government shut down First Choice in 2000, the U.S. Securities
and Exchange Commission has claimed in a civil suit.

His fraudulent activity continued through the end of 2002, according to the
charge filed in Missouri.

In 2001, Ballinger pleaded guilty to mail fraud in connection with an unrelated
investment scheme involving automobile financing.

His current case follows charges brought against two other First Choice officers
in the last three months.

Gary Van Waeyenberghe, the former president of First Choice, was named in a
54-count federal indictment in September. The Mishawaka man pleaded innocent to
charges of conspiracy, fraud and money laundering. He's awaiting trial.

Benny Guy Morris, a former business associate of Van Waeyenberghe from Tarpon
Springs, Fla., has pleaded guilty to mail fraud and is awaiting sentencing.

Staff writer Matthew S. Galbraith:

mgalbraith@sbtinfo.com

(574) 235-6359


LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                 Copyright 2004 South Bend Tribune Corporation


                             780 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 1, 2017 Wednesday

Delaware Attorney General Matt Denn Announces Settlement With Western Union

LENGTH: 597  words

DATELINE: New York



 Dover: Division of Historical and Cultural Affairs, Delaware has issued the
following news release



 Attorney General Matt Denn along with the attorneys general of 48 states and
the District of Columbia Tuesday announced a settlement with Colorado-based The
Western Union Company ("Western Union") to resolve a multistate investigation
focused on complaints of consumers who used Western Union's wire transfer
service to send money to third parties involved in schemes to defraud consumers.





 The settlement requires Western Union to develop and put into action a
comprehensive anti-fraud program designed to help detect and prevent incidents
where consumers who have been the victims of fraud use Western Union to wire
money to scam artists.



 Criminal scams that involve wiring money include: lottery and contest scams in
which consumers are told they have won a large sum of money but must first wire
money to pay required taxes or fees before receiving their winnings;
"grandparent scams" in which a consumer believes his or her loved one is in
immediate danger and needs money right away; and romance scams in which someone
poses as a love interest and then soon begins asking consumers to send money for
various reasons, such as medical emergencies, car accidents, muggings, and
emergency travel.



 "Consumers who receive solicitations from strangers promising big winnings
should toss those letters in the trash, delete the e-mail or hang up the phone,"
Attorney General Denn said. "And consumers who meet someone online should be
cautious about wiring money, particularly if meeting in person has never taken
place. Unfortunately, some victims send money multiple times to the scam artist
before realizing they have been duped."



 That anti-fraud program, which Western Union has agreed to evaluate and update
as warranted, includes the following elements:



 o Anti-fraud warnings on send forms that consumers use to wire money;

 o Mandatory and appropriate training and education for Western Union's agents
about fraud-induced wire transfers;

 o Heightened anti-fraud procedures when warranted by circumstances such as
increased fraud complaints;

 o Due diligence checks on Western Union agents who process money transfers;

 o Monitoring of Western Union agent activity related to prevention of fraud
-induced money transfers; and

 o Prompt and appropriate disciplinary action against Western Union agents who
fail to follow required protocols concerning anti-fraud measures.



 Victims of fraud induced wire transfers nationwide, including Delaware victims,
will receive refunds as part of a settlement between Western Union and the
Federal Trade Commission and U.S. Department of Justice that was announced on
January 19, 2017. In that settlement, Western Union will pay $586 million to a
fund that the U.S. Department of Justice will administer to provide refunds to
consumers. In the settlement with the states announced Tuesday, Western Union
will pay a total of $5 million to be split among the states for the states'
costs and fees associated with the investigations that led to the settlements,
with Delaware receiving $43,630 for the state Consumer Protection Fund.



 Delaware Department of Justice Consumer Protection Director and Deputy Attorney
General Christian Wright worked on the investigation for Delaware.



 Information about the federal settlement is available at here, and information
about the victim compensation process will be made available here.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             781 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 1, 2017 Wednesday

Delaware Attorney General Matt Denn Announces Settlement With Western Union

LENGTH: 590  words

DATELINE: New York



 Dover: Delaware Gov has issued the following news releasea

 Attorney General Matt Denn along with the attorneys general of 48 states and
the District of Columbia Tuesday announced a settlement with Colorado-based The
Western Union Company ("Western Union") to resolve a multistate investigation
focused on complaints of consumers who used Western Union's wire transfer
service to send money to third parties involved in schemes to defraud consumers.





 The settlement requires Western Union to develop and put into action a
comprehensive anti-fraud program designed to help detect and prevent incidents
where consumers who have been the victims of fraud use Western Union to wire
money to scam artists.



 Criminal scams that involve wiring money include: lottery and contest scams in
which consumers are told they have won a large sum of money but must first wire
money to pay required taxes or fees before receiving their winnings;
"grandparent scams" in which a consumer believes his or her loved one is in
immediate danger and needs money right away; and romance scams in which someone
poses as a love interest and then soon begins asking consumers to send money for
various reasons, such as medical emergencies, car accidents, muggings, and
emergency travel.



 "Consumers who receive solicitations from strangers promising big winnings
should toss those letters in the trash, delete the e-mail or hang up the phone,"
Attorney General Denn said. "And consumers who meet someone online should be
cautious about wiring money, particularly if meeting in person has never taken
place. Unfortunately, some victims send money multiple times to the scam artist
before realizing they have been duped."



 That anti-fraud program, which Western Union has agreed to evaluate and update
as warranted, includes the following elements:



 o Anti-fraud warnings on send forms that consumers use to wire money;

 o Mandatory and appropriate training and education for Western Union's agents
about fraud-induced wire transfers;

 o Heightened anti-fraud procedures when warranted by circumstances such as
increased fraud complaints;

 o Due diligence checks on Western Union agents who process money transfers;

 o Monitoring of Western Union agent activity related to prevention of fraud
-induced money transfers; and

 o Prompt and appropriate disciplinary action against Western Union agents who
fail to follow required protocols concerning anti-fraud measures.



 Victims of fraud induced wire transfers nationwide, including Delaware victims,
will receive refunds as part of a settlement between Western Union and the
Federal Trade Commission and U.S. Department of Justice that was announced on
January 19, 2017. In that settlement, Western Union will pay $586 million to a
fund that the U.S. Department of Justice will administer to provide refunds to
consumers. In the settlement with the states announced Tuesday, Western Union
will pay a total of $5 million to be split among the states for the states'
costs and fees associated with the investigations that led to the settlements,
with Delaware receiving $43,630 for the state Consumer Protection Fund.



 Delaware Department of Justice Consumer Protection Director and Deputy Attorney
General Christian Wright worked on the investigation for Delaware.



 Information about the federal settlement is available at here, and information
about the victim compensation process will be made available here.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             782 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 1, 2017 Wednesday

Delaware Attorney General Matt Denn Announces Settlement With Western Union

LENGTH: 604  words

DATELINE: New York



 Dover: Division of Historical and Cultural Affairs, Delaware has issued the
following news release



 Attorney General Matt Denn along with the attorneys general of 48 states and
the District of Columbia Tuesday announced a settlement with Colorado-based The
Western Union Company ("Western Union") to resolve a multistate investigation
focused on complaints of consumers who used Western Union's wire transfer
service to send money to third parties involved in schemes to defraud consumers.





 The settlement requires Western Union to develop and put into action a
comprehensive anti-fraud program designed to help detect and prevent incidents
where consumers who have been the victims of fraud use Western Union to wire
money to scam artists.



 Criminal scams that involve wiring money include: lottery and contest scams in
which consumers are told they have won a large sum of money but must first wire
money to pay required taxes or fees before receiving their winnings;
"grandparent scams" in which a consumer believes his or her loved one is in
immediate danger and needs money right away; and romance scams in which someone
poses as a love interest and then soon begins asking consumers to send money for
various reasons, such as medical emergencies, car accidents, muggings, and
emergency travel.



 "Consumers who receive solicitations from strangers promising big winnings
should toss those letters in the trash, delete the e-mail or hang up the phone,"
Attorney General Denn said. "And consumers who meet someone online should be
cautious about wiring money, particularly if meeting in person has never taken
place. Unfortunately, some victims send money multiple times to the scam artist
before realizing they have been duped."



 That anti-fraud program, which Western Union has agreed to evaluate and update
as warranted, includes the following elements:



 o Anti-fraud warnings on send forms that consumers use to wire money;

 o Mandatory and appropriate training and education for Western Union's agents
about fraud-induced wire transfers;

 o Heightened anti-fraud procedures when warranted by circumstances such as
increased fraud complaints;

 o Due diligence checks on Western Union agents who process money transfers;

 o Monitoring of Western Union agent activity related to prevention of fraud
-induced money transfers; and

 o Prompt and appropriate disciplinary action against Western Union agents who
fail to follow required protocols concerning anti-fraud measures.



 Victims of fraud induced wire transfers nationwide, including Delaware victims,
will receive refunds as part of a settlement between Western Union and the
Federal Trade Commission and U.S. Department of Justice that was announced on
January 19, 2017. In that settlement, Western Union will pay $586 million to a
fund that the U.S. Department of Justice will administer to provide refunds to
consumers. In the settlement with the states announced Tuesday, Western Union
will pay a total of $5 million to be split among the states for the states'
costs and fees associated with the investigations that led to the settlements,
with Delaware receiving $43,630 for the state Consumer Protection Fund.



 Delaware Department of Justice Consumer Protection Director and Deputy Attorney
General Christian Wright worked on the investigation for Delaware.



 Information about the federal settlement is available at here, and information
about the victim compensation process will be made available here.

 Department of Justice-Attorney General





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             783 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 1, 2017 Wednesday

Delaware Attorney General Matt Denn Announces Settlement With Western Union

LENGTH: 604  words

DATELINE: New York



 Dover: Division of Historical and Cultural Affairs, Delaware has issued the
following news release



 Attorney General Matt Denn along with the attorneys general of 48 states and
the District of Columbia Tuesday announced a settlement with Colorado-based The
Western Union Company ("Western Union") to resolve a multistate investigation
focused on complaints of consumers who used Western Union's wire transfer
service to send money to third parties involved in schemes to defraud consumers.





 The settlement requires Western Union to develop and put into action a
comprehensive anti-fraud program designed to help detect and prevent incidents
where consumers who have been the victims of fraud use Western Union to wire
money to scam artists.



 Criminal scams that involve wiring money include: lottery and contest scams in
which consumers are told they have won a large sum of money but must first wire
money to pay required taxes or fees before receiving their winnings;
"grandparent scams" in which a consumer believes his or her loved one is in
immediate danger and needs money right away; and romance scams in which someone
poses as a love interest and then soon begins asking consumers to send money for
various reasons, such as medical emergencies, car accidents, muggings, and
emergency travel.



 "Consumers who receive solicitations from strangers promising big winnings
should toss those letters in the trash, delete the e-mail or hang up the phone,"
Attorney General Denn said. "And consumers who meet someone online should be
cautious about wiring money, particularly if meeting in person has never taken
place. Unfortunately, some victims send money multiple times to the scam artist
before realizing they have been duped."



 That anti-fraud program, which Western Union has agreed to evaluate and update
as warranted, includes the following elements:



 o Anti-fraud warnings on send forms that consumers use to wire money;

 o Mandatory and appropriate training and education for Western Union's agents
about fraud-induced wire transfers;

 o Heightened anti-fraud procedures when warranted by circumstances such as
increased fraud complaints;

 o Due diligence checks on Western Union agents who process money transfers;

 o Monitoring of Western Union agent activity related to prevention of fraud
-induced money transfers; and

 o Prompt and appropriate disciplinary action against Western Union agents who
fail to follow required protocols concerning anti-fraud measures.



 Victims of fraud induced wire transfers nationwide, including Delaware victims,
will receive refunds as part of a settlement between Western Union and the
Federal Trade Commission and U.S. Department of Justice that was announced on
January 19, 2017. In that settlement, Western Union will pay $586 million to a
fund that the U.S. Department of Justice will administer to provide refunds to
consumers. In the settlement with the states announced Tuesday, Western Union
will pay a total of $5 million to be split among the states for the states'
costs and fees associated with the investigations that led to the settlements,
with Delaware receiving $43,630 for the state Consumer Protection Fund.



 Delaware Department of Justice Consumer Protection Director and Deputy Attorney
General Christian Wright worked on the investigation for Delaware.



 Information about the federal settlement is available at here, and information
about the victim compensation process will be made available here.

 Department of Justice-Attorney General





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             784 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                    Cardline

                              April 1, 2011 Friday

LexisNexis Launches Fraud-Prevention Platform For Online Merchants

BYLINE: Stephanie Bell

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1 Vol. 11 No. 13

LENGTH: 525  words


LexisNexis has launched Retail Fraud Manager, a platform designed to help online
merchants detect and combat card-not-present fraud by automating and analyzing
the transaction-review process, the company announced March 23.

"Most online merchants want to get to a point to automate their
transaction-review process so they can identify good orders and isolate the bad
or fraudulent orders," Dennis Becker, LexisNexis vice president, tells
PaymentsSource. "We developed a fraud-prevention platform that is all about
maximizing revenue and minimizing fraud losses."

The Alpharetta, Ga.-based company's previous fraud-management service consisted
of individual components instead of an all-in-one platform, Becker notes.

Retail Fraud Manager software streamlines and organizes online merchants' data
for more efficient fraud-risk management. Participating merchants' integrate
"front-end identity risk scoring" with a workflow platform and fraud analyst
review system to their existing online point-of-sale systems, Becker explains.

The integration enables merchants to quickly assess risk at the time of the
transaction and automate the transaction process to minimize the amount of
orders going through a manual review process, Becker says.

The platform also includes a service called Chargeback Defender Risk Score
designed to help merchants detect potential fraud through a score that verifies
identification data for both the billing and the shipping address, especially if
they differ, Becker says.

Chargeback Defender operates alongside a system called Chargeback Defender
Device Score, powered by Boise, Idaho-based fraud technology provider Kount Inc.
The two systems work together to analyze each transaction, including the type of
device that initiated it and the Internet protocol address.

"The system can let a merchant know that, while a transaction may come from
Denver, the IP address is actually located in Romania," meaning it most likely
is fraudulent and will be flagged for further review, Becker says.

The system also takes information about the consumer and searches a historical
database. Consumers may be asked "out-of-wallet" questions which are questions
such as specific addresses the consumer has lived at or what phone number is
associated with the address, Becker explains.

LexisNexis charges merchants based on transaction volume and on what they use
within the platform, Becker says.

Online-only merchants are typically hit with 2,033 fraudulent transactions each
month, according to a recent Javelin Strategy and Research report. The number is
so high because merchants often are unable to determine whether the consumer
placing the order is legitimate, says Jim Van Dyke, co-founder and president of
Pleasanton, Calif.-based Javelin. Moreover, many issuers will not refund online
merchants for "bad transactions" because there is no way to authenticate the
consumer, he adds.

A fraud-management system such as LexisNexis', however, works to "make
connections and check that transactions are legitimate through historical data,"
enabling merchants to catch flag fraudulent transactions before the orders are
processed, Van Dyke says.

URL: http://www.cardline.com/

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter

JOURNAL-CODE: CL


                        Copyright 2011 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             785 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                     January 27, 1995 Friday FINAL EDITION

THREE ACCUSED IN SCAM WITH HEALTH PREMIUMS THEY ALLEGEDLY TOOK IN $12.6 MILLION
FROM PEOPLE IN 26 STATES. THEY LEFT $1 MILLION IN UNPAID MEDICAL BILLS.

BYLINE: Joseph A. Slobodzian, INQUIRER STAFF WRITER

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B04

LENGTH: 633 words


A federal grand jury has accused three men of racketeering and fraud involving
two health-care plans that allegedly took $12.6 million in premiums
from thousands of people in 26 states and left them with $1 million in unpaid
medical bills.

The 15-count indictment made public yesterday by federal prosecutors charged
Edward M. Zinner, 35, a sometime rock musician from Virginia Beach, Va., in
connection with the operation of his Atlantic Healthcare Benefit Plan and
American Fidelity Plan.

The Atlantic plan was founded in November 1990 and the American plan two years
later, according to the indictment.

Indicted with Zinner were Jeffry C. Neal, 45, a Maryland man who was a manager
of the Atlantic plan; and Mark "Waldo" Waldron, 38, of Portsmouth, Va., a
keyboard player in Zinner's "Southern Legends" rock band, who was employed by
the two health plans.

The three were charged with racketeering. Zinner and Neal were also charged with
two counts of mail fraud and two counts of wire fraud and Zinner and Waldron
were charged with six counts of wire fraud.

A fourth man, William E. Moulton Jr., 59, a Virginia Beach man who the
indictment accused of setting up a shell company that acted as "sponsor" and
third-party administrator of the Atlantic plan, was charged in one count of
filing a false statement required of a benefit plan.

Zinner's lawyer, Albert Mezzaroba, and Moulton's lawyer, Anthony Montagna,
declined to comment on the indictment. Neither of the other men nor their
lawyers could be reached for comment.

In a 1992 interview with The Inquirer, Zinner blamed his companies' problems on
"Gestapo-like tactics" by state regulators, trying to force him out of business,
and bad feelings among policy-holders caused by a few top Atlantic executives
who had promised health-care coverage in excess of what policy-holders were
entitled.

Zinner said he had fired the executives, adding: "We know we've had a handful of
guys that have given us a black eye."

If convicted on all counts, Zinner, Neal and Waldron each face a maximum 20
years in prison and a $2.75-million fine. Moulton faces a maximum of five years
in prison and a $250,000 fine.

The indictment alleges that Zinner and his employees operated the health- care
plans without a license in 26 states, including Pennsylvania, Delaware and New
Jersey. Atlantic and American plan workers lied and exaggerated their
financial assets to induce employers to switch to their programs.

They also allegedly lied to state insurance officials in a campaign to forestall
governmental efforts to shut them down. The indictment, for example, describes
an April 22, 1991, telephone call from Zinner to a Pennsylvania state insurance
investigator in which Zinner falsely claims that the Atlantic plan had $5
million available to pay claims.

The indictment also cites a Dec. 5, 1991, faxed memo from Zinner to his
Pennsylvania agents telling them to ignore an order by state insurance officials
that Atlantic plan to stop operating in the state.

The indictment alleges that Zinner and his plans failed to pay, or fully pay,
valid health-insurance claims, instead diverting the money for personal and
business expenses. In some cases, the indictment alleges, musicians in Zinner's
rock band were paid as health-plan workers. In other cases, the "employees" were
diverted to help build Zinner's Virginia Beach restaurant, The New England
Lobster and Clam House.

The indictment also seeks the forfeiture of about $2 million in cash and assets
from Zinner, Neal and Waldron that the indictment calls proceeds of the
racketeering scheme. Those assets include Zinner's restaurant, land in Virginia
and Florida, his 1994 Corvette and 1994 Camaro, and 24-foot cabin cruiser "My
Lauren."

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1995 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             786 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Credit Union Journal

                                January 30, 2012

PIN FraudRising Fast

BYLINE: Ray Birch

SECTION: GENERAL NEWS; Pg. 14 Vol. 16 No. 5

LENGTH: 350  words


RANCHO CUCAMONGA, Calif.-Credit unions need to pay greater attention to PIN
fraud, because it's rising fast.

Credit card processors warned that even while PIN fraud represents an
insignificant amount of total card fraud, it is rising at a rate far above
signature fraud.

What's causing the increase over the last year is thieves gaining access to new
technology and software that makes it much easier to obtain card and PIN
numbers, a task more difficult than stealing standard signature credit card
information.

"The fraudsters are more sophisticated and so is their technology," said Connie
Trudgeon, VP of operations for Co-Op Financial Services. "Programs available
today make phishing scams so much easier to create and execute, so crooks can
get a whole lot of numbers and PINs for not a lot of effort."

Trudgeon said the latest numbers show that 88% of fraud is non-PIN, but several
months ago it was 92% non-PIN.

What is also now making PIN more attractive to criminals is that fraud detection
formulas pay less attention to PIN due to the two-factor authentication,
explained JB Rambaud, GM, risk, for the Brookfield, Wis.-based Fiserv. "By
default these transactions have been more trusted and the fraudsters know that.
We are taking much more aggressive actions to monitor PIN activity."

Rambaud advised credit unions to be more proactive with PIN. "Just because it is
not big, yet, does not mean it can't become a significant issue for you.
Unfortunately some of the credit union's risk staff wear multiple hats, which
can lead some to ignore an issue unless the problem is staring them in the
face."

With PIN ATM withdrawal limits now at $2,000 a day, crooks realize PIN theft can
lead to big hits at once, which is stepping up the pace of PIN fraud. The
adoption of the tougher-to-crack chip-and-PIN card technology in Europe has also
encouraged criminal rings to send thieves to the U.S. to perpetrate PIN fraud.

"Crime rings are targeting cities across the eastern and western U.S., and even
the Midwest," said Karen Postma, cards risk senior manager for The Members Group
in Des Moines, Iowa.

URL: http://www.cujournal.com/

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter

JOURNAL-CODE: CUJ


                        Copyright 2012 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             787 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                              May 5, 2012 Saturday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Assembly needs to pass automobile insurance reform

BYLINE: By Dean G. Skelos

SECTION: EDITORIAL PAGE; Another Voice / State government; Pg. A8

LENGTH: 460 words


Year after year, the New York State Senate has passed a simple, straightforward
package of bills that would help combat auto insurance fraud, put hundreds of
millions of dollars back in the pockets of New York's families, save lives and
make our roads safer.

The Buffalo News even called our legislation "a powerful trio of bills to combat
con men who have cost New York drivers more than $1 billion."

Unfortunately, those same bills are routinely blocked by the Assembly Democrat
Majority, and never get enacted into law.

The Republican-led Senate is leading the fight to target and eliminate auto
fraud in the state's no-fault insurance system, an epidemic that drives up auto
insurance rates and leaves hard-working New Yorkers paying among the highest
costs in the country.

How does this happen? Auto fraud is perpetuated by well-organized fraud rings
made up of unscrupulous drivers, doctors and lawyers.

These con men and women stage elaborate accident scenes, fake injuries, submit
bogus medical claims and file frivolous lawsuits every single day. These
intricate scams result in increased insurance premiums, but they also have a
human toll.

A few years ago, a 71-year-old woman from New York City died when her car was
hit during the commission of one of these phony accidents. How many more
injuries or deaths can be attributed to these scams?

While many of these staged auto accidents have occurred in Brooklyn, auto fraud
isn't just a downstate problem. It affects every New Yorker who owns or drives a
car. Local police and FBI investigators have broken up accident rings in every
major upstate city, including Buffalo, Albany, Syracuse and Utica.

In addition, accidents involving downstate drivers dramatically increase
premiums for all of us. According to a recent report from the state's Department
of Financial Services, New Yorkers pay a whopping 53 percent above the national
average for auto insurance, most of which is directly attributed to fraud.

It's time for the Assembly to get on board and support these three common-sense
bills that have already passed the Senate.

One would make it a felony, punishable by up to seven years in prison, for
anyone to stage an accident with the intent to commit insurance fraud. A second
bill would make it illegal to act as a so-called "runner" (someone who directs
accident victims to crooked lawyers and doctors); and the third would allow
insurance companies to retroactively cancel policies taken out by people who
commit auto fraud.

The Assembly Democratic Majority should allow a vote on our auto insurance fraud
legislation so we can put these important reforms in place to protect drivers
and let them keep more of their hard-earned money.

***

Dean G. Skelos is majority leader of the New York State Senate.

LOAD-DATE: May 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             788 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Pittsburgh Post-Gazette (Pennsylvania)

                               May 9, 2011 Monday
                                 SOONER EDITION

COUNTY CONSIDERS ANTI-FRAUD MEASURE

BYLINE: Len Barcousky, Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B-1

LENGTH: 358 words


Allegheny County would join places like Chicago, New York City, Philadelphia and
Dade County, Fla., if it passes an anti-fraud ordinance, members of county
council learned recently.

Pittsburgh lawyer Andrew Stone described the successes the federal government
and 26 states have had with "false claim act" legislation that protects and
provides financial incentives to whistle-blowers who report efforts to cheat
taxpayers. Mr. Stone, a lawyer for 30 years, specializes in federal false claim
lawsuits.

County council's government reform committee met last week to begin its study of
a proposed false claims ordinance. Members will meet again at 4 p.m. Thursday to
continue their review.

Federal agencies have recovered $28 billion over the past two decades from
businesses and individuals who overcharged the government, said Councilman Ed
Kress, R-Shaler. He has proposed the county law, which has drawn bipartisan
support from four of his colleagues.

"Fraud is not a Republican or a Democratic issue," he said.

The federal false claim act was originally passed during the Civil War to deal
with problems of substandard and malfunctioning military supplies and equipment
for the Union army, Mr. Stone said. In recent decades it has been used to pursue
health-care fraud cases resulting from things like double-billing, kickbacks and
defective products.

A total of 26 states, including California, Florida, New Jersey and New York,
have passed similar laws to help them pursue cases against Medicaid contractors.

Mr. Kress' proposal would protect people who report suspected fraud from
retaliation by their employers and would allow them to claim a portion of the
money recovered by the government.

Council President Jim Burn, D-Millvale, said he would like to see the
legislation amended to cover not only county-operated departments but
county-affiliated agencies like the Port Authority and Allegheny County Airport,
which are run by quasi-independent boards. Mr. Burn is chairman of the
government reform committee.

"It looks to me like the county would be better off with this legislation than
without it," said Councilman Vince Gastgeb, R-Bethel Park.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Len Barcousky: lbarcousky@post-gazette.com or 412-263-1159./

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2011 P.G. Publishing Co.


                             789 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   February 23, 1999, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Feds triple health fraud cases Crackdown hits Medicare billing abuses

BYLINE: Peter Eisler; Barbara Pearson

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 1036 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON -- Criminal prosecutions for health care fraud have
more than tripled in recent years, and medical professionals --
from doctors to hospital and nursing home administrators -- are
going to prison in record numbers.

In 1997, U.S. attorneys prosecuted 552 criminal cases of health
care fraud, up from 166 in 1993, according to a USA TODAY analysis
of Justice Department data. Conviction rates also began a steady
climb in 1993, the year the Justice Department made health care
fraud a priority.


Still, criminal cases of health care fraud accounted for just
1% of the 642,000 criminal matters handled by federal prosecutors
in those five years. But those cases, along with scores of civil
health care fraud cases filed each year by U.S. attorneys, mark
a big policy shift.

"There are several factors at work," says John Bentivoglio,
Justice Department special counsel for health care fraud.

"There is the priority from the attorney general, the added resources
we've received from Congress for this work, the increased scrutiny
of agencies (reviewing Medicare and Medicaid claims) and an uptick
in whistle-blower complaints."

Most health care fraud prosecutions (60%) involve bogus bills
to Medicare. The cash-strapped program lost an estimated $ 12.6
billion last year to fraudulent and improper billings -- 6% of
the $ 211 billion it spent on care for the elderly.

In 1997, civil and criminal health care prosecutions netted the
government a record $ 1 billion in judgments, settlements and fines,
most of which was returned to Medicare. In 1998, the total fell
to $ 500 million, according to a soon-to-be-released federal report.

USA TODAY reviewed Justice Department data for 1993-97, collected
by the Transactional Records Access Clearinghouse, a nonprofit
organization at Syracuse University. Key findings:

-- Criminal cases opened by U.S. attorneys tripled, to a record
1,422 in 1997; prosecution rates held steady at about 37%.

-- Annual conviction rates rose to 87% from 73%.

-- The percentage of convicted defendants sentenced to prison
rose to 54% from 42%.

On the civil side, trends and success rates for health care fraud
cases are virtually untracked, partly because so many cases settle
before trial.

Some doctors and administrators at hospitals, nursing homes and
home care agencies say overzealous investigations target innocent
breaches of complex billing rules.

"That balance is difficult to achieve between being too aggressive
and letting $ 12 billion in fraud get by," says Senate Aging Committee
Chairman Charles Grassley, R-Iowa. "It seems to me the government
still isn't doing enough. (Losses) are still ridiculous."

Wednesday, the Clinton administration will launch a campaign to
better inform Medicare beneficiaries about spotting fraudulent
claims by health care providers. A $ 1,000 reward is offered for
tips.

Before the fraud crackdown "there just was no incentive to be
scrupulous about billings," says Michael Mangano, deputy inspector
general at the Department of Health and Human Services. "The
real (goal) is to prevent erroneous bills from ever being submitted."

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1999 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             790 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                          December 16, 2009, Wednesday

More than 30 arrested in Medicare fraud sweep

BYLINE: Jay Weaver, McClatchy Newspapers

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P6A

LENGTH: 458 words


MIAMI - Federal agents Tuesday arrested about 30 doctors, nurses and health care
operators in Miami, Detroit and New York on charges of submitting tens of
millions of dollars in bogus bills to the taxpayer-funded Medicare program.

Among those arrested in South Florida: Dr. Fred E. Dweck of Hollywood, who was
the medical director for a Miami health care clinic, Courtesy Medical Group.

Dweck, 74, arrested at his home early Tuesday by FBI and Health and Human
Services agents, is accused of accepting bribes in exchange for writing
prescriptions for hundreds of homebound patients who didn't need costly
diabetic, physical therapy and other services billed to Medicare, according to
federal authorities.

Also arrested: the operator of Courtesy Medical Group, Yudel Cayro, 38, of
Miami-Dade. FBI and HHS agents raided his health care clinic, carting away boxes
of records along with computers, authorities said.

Dweck and Cayro were among a group of people indicted by a Miami grand jury
Thursday on charges of conspiracy to commit health care fraud. Also indicted
were Arturo Fonseca; Isis Torres, R.N.; Franciso Portillo, R.N.; Armando
Sanchez, R.N.; Lissbet Diaz; Marlenys Fernandez; Sheillah Rotta, R.N.; Alain
Fernandez; Eduardo Romero; Antonio Ochoa; Teresita Leal, R.N.; Silvio Ruiz,
R.N.; and William Madrigal.

In a separate indictment, three Miami-Dade residents and one Broward County
resident were charged in connection with an alleged $5.8 million Medicare fraud
scheme involving an HIV infusion clinic. The four defendants were charged with
conspiracy to commit Medicare fraud through Tendercare Medical Center, a
purported HIV infusion clinic. The defendants in that case are David Marrero,
Maria Volero Marrero, Keith Ernest Humes and Lawrence Edward Humes.

The indictments represented yet another Justice Department crackdown on Miami,
the nation's Medicare fraud capital.

"But no matter what type of Medicare fraud is committed or where, there is one
common denominator - greed," Lanny Breuer, assistant attorney general of the
Justice Department's criminal division, said at a news conference in New York.

"These people rob Medicare of precious dollars by fraudulently billing for
services neither rendered nor needed," he said. "And when someone sends
fraudulent bills to Medicare, they are stealing American taxpayer dollars that
are intended to help those most in need."

Breuer was joined by HHS Secretary Kathleen Sebelius to spotlight the arrests
and to announce the expansion of a federal Medicare fraud strike force to Tampa,
Fla., Brooklyn, N.Y., and Baton Rouge, La.

The strike force, launched in Miami in March 2007, also operates in Los Angeles,
Detroit and Houston - other major metropolitan areas plagued by phony Medicare
claims.

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 Charleston Newspapers


                             791 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                American Banker

                            January 13, 2017 Friday

Bank teams with AARP to tackle 'epidemic' of financial fraud

BYLINE: Brian Patrick Eha

SECTION: Vol. 1 No. 9

LENGTH: 1005  words


People's United Bank's longstanding efforts to combat financial scams took a
major step forward Thursday as it launched a new educational campaign in
partnership with AARP.

The campaign, which the Bridgeport, Conn.-based bank has been developing for
more than a year, involves multiple avenues for reaching the bank's customers,
including branch locations, ATMs, billboard advertisements and web materials.

Eight key branch offices - spread across New York, Connecticut, Massachusetts,
Maine, New Hampshire and Vermont - now feature interactive kiosks designed and
built by AARP to inform consumers about the dangers of financial fraud and
apprise them of the scams currently targeting their communities. These include
financial abuse of older Americans - a growing problem - as well as credit card
fraud and scams that troll for victims on social media or Craigslist.

The partnership arose out of a joint desire to "tackle a problem that we both
believe is a very serious one - frankly, at epidemic levels," according to Greg
Marchildon, AARP director for the state of Vermont, who was instrumental to the
initiative.

For more than 20 years, People's United Bank has striven to educate consumers
about the danger of financial scams, primarily by holding fraud prevention
presentations and workshops in the Northeast communities where it has a
presence. AARP has been a partner in those efforts, and it has developed on its
own a number of educational resources.

Among these is the Fraud Watch Network, a free suite of online content. Launched
in 2013, it includes quizzes, fraud-prevention tips, videos featuring Frank
Abagnale of "Catch Me If You Can" fame and a real-time scam-tracking map to
which AARP members and local and state law enforcement contribute.

In mid-2016, Marchildon recalls, there was a scam targeting people in
Burlington, Vt., in which homeowners would get a call informing them that their
electric bill had increased and giving them the option to pay it off in one lump
sum using a credit card or Western Union.

"That was a scam that only affected people in Burlington, but we were able to
put that information up and get some info out to the press to raise awareness,"
he said.

Senior citizens are particularly vulnerable. Nearly one in five Americans aged
65 and over is a victim of financial fraud, according to numerous studies, and
often the perpetrators are family members, caregivers or financial advisers.
Annual losses to seniors are estimated at around $3 billion but could be more
than 10 times that, because many incidents of abuse go unreported.

And despite AARP's national reach, there is only so much that web-based outreach
can do.

"Our research strongly indicates that peer-to-peer conversations around fraud
and scams, from one neighbor to another, or a son to a parent, is really the
best way to combat this crime," said Marchildon.

Consequently, People's United employees have received Fraud Watch Network
training to supplement the bank's own training on financial exploitation, and
all of the nearly 400 branches now provide take-home materials on how to
identify and avoid scams and frauds.

"In our branches, we regularly engage our customers on a whole host of financial
topics. So, to me, this is just a natural extension of that," said Sara
Longobardi, the senior executive vice president of retail banking at People's
United.

Much of the Fraud Watch Network content is now available on the kiosks installed
in select People's United branches. Each six-and-a-half-foot kiosk, in addition
to providing free fraud-prevention handbooks and the Fraud Watch Network's web
address, is equipped with an iPad that comes pre-loaded with a custom app
developed by AARP. Users can watch an interview with a con artist, check out the
scam-tracking map or take a series of quizzes to test their knowledge.

AARP plans to track user engagement in order to provide fresh content on a
quarterly basis, retaining the popular stuff while rotating out the material in
which bank visitors seem less interested. The group sees the kiosks as a way to
expand beyond its usual demographic.

"Older adults do tend to be a primary target for scam artists, but this campaign
with AARP really is looking to target all age groups," said Karen Galbo, who
oversees People's United's community outreach programs. "Any one of us could be
the target of a scam."

The kiosks are strategically located in bank branches in Norwalk and West
Hartford, Conn.; in the Boston financial district; on Park Avenue in New York
City; in Hicksville, Long Island; in Burlington, Vt.; in Portland, Maine; and in
Keene, N.H. Between them, these eight branches serve 33,169 customers a month.

If they prove to be popular, AARP hopes to install more kiosks in People's
United branches in 2018.

The $41 billion-asset bank's website will also carry a direct link to the Fraud
Watch Network site, obviating the need to develop its own content. In 2015, the
last year for which data was available, People's United's website received 82
million page views. Monthly page views were 6.8 million, making the site an
important vehicle for spreading the campaign's message widely.

"Even if we get a small slice of that 6.8 million a month, those numbers are
just going to be enormous for us," Marchildon said.

The campaign's second phase, due to begin rolling out this summer, will involve
billboard ads and a large direct mailing effort. Moreover, all People's United
ATMs will begin displaying a series of three rotating messages about consumer
fraud. ATM users will see the messages before inserting their cards.

About 13.2 million People's United customers, and about 2.5 million
noncustomers, use the bank's ATMs annually - another huge potential audience for
the fraud-prevention initiative.

"We're really excited about the ATM and billboard piece, because that's millions
of impressions," Marchildon said. "We're going to be able to create a huge
amount more awareness in these states. That kind of reach, in real time, was
what AARP was looking for in a partner."

URL:
http://www.americanbanker.com/news/bank-teams-with-aarp-to-tackle-epidemic-of-fi
nancial-fraud

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2017 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             792 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             Missouri Lawyers Media

                             July 2, 2015 Thursday

Criminal Law: Evidence- Conspiracy- Willful Blindness

BYLINE: Geri Dreiling

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 163  words


Where a jury deciding mail fraud, wire fraud, and conspiracy to commit mail
fraud and wire fraud charges against the operator of a hedge fund that collapsed
asked for clarification of the third element of conspiracy which requires a
finding that the defendant knew the purpose of the agreement or understanding
when he joined the conspiracy, the district court did not err in giving a
"willful blindness" instruction because the defendant claimed a lack of
knowledge but the evidence supported an inference of deliberate ignorance.

Judgment is affirmed .

United States v. Hansen (MLW No. 68010/Case No. 14-2188 -14 pages) (U.S. Court
of Appeals, 8th Circuit, Shepherd, J.) Appealed from the U.S. District Court,
District of South Dakota, Schreier, J. (Mark K. McCulloch, Winter Park, Florida,
argued for appellant; Andrew B. Greenlee, Sanford, Florida, on brief) (Jeffrey
C. Clapper, Sioux Falls, South Dakota, argued for appellee).

© 2015 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 Missouri Lawyers Media
                              All Rights Reserved


                             793 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 14, 2014 Friday

Washington: Psychologist Found Guilty in Manhattan Federal Court of Mail and
Health Care Fraud Charges in Connection with Multi-Year, No-Fault Automobile
Insurance Fraud Scheme

LENGTH: 391  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

Preet Bharara, the United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York,
announced that JAY SEITZ, a psychologist licensed to practice in the state of
New York, was found guilty yesterday in Manhattan federal court of one count of
conspiracy to commit mail fraud and health care fraud, one count of mail fraud,
and one count of health care fraud in connection with his participation in a
multi-year, no-fault automobile insurance fraud scheme. SEITZ was convicted
after a six-day jury trial presided over by U.S. District Judge Sidney H. Stein.

Manhattan U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara said: "Jay Seitz was found by a unanimous
jury not only to have betrayed the ethical obligations of his profession but to
have committed fraud. His scheme reaped millions of dollars in unjust
compensation. Now he may pay for that with the loss of his liberty."

According to the indictment filed in Manhattan federal court, other court
documents, and statements made during related court proceedings:

Between 2006 and 2008, SEITZ purported to provide psychological services to
patients at medical clinics located in the Bronx and Brooklyn, New York. SEITZ
signed treatment notes that described the diagnoses he purportedly made and the
services he purportedly provided to patients treated at these clinics. These
treatment notes were used to generate claims that were submitted to no-fault
insurance companies for reimbursement. These claims reflected that the
psychological services for which reimbursement was sought were provided by
SEITZ. In fact, SEITZ did not diagnose or treat the patients on whose behalf
claims were submitted to no-fault insurance providers. Although the patients at
the clinics with which SEITZ was associated sometimes received psychological
screening and treatment, this treatment was provided by individuals who were not
licensed psychologists or licensed social workers. In addition, the treatment
duration reflected on the claims forms often exceeded the actual duration of
services provided. No-fault insurance providers reimbursed over $3 million of
claims submitted on behalf of two professional corporations associated with
SEITZ, for patients purportedly treated by SEITZ.

For more information please visit: http://www.fbi.gov

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             794 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                           February 21, 2006 Tuesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Magnitude of Katrina disaster demands help

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 17A

LENGTH: 999 words


Once again, USA TODAY features "blame the victims" letters and more excuses as
to why our federal government and President Bush shouldn't have to do anything
to help rebuild after Hurricane Katrina ("Reliance on government stalls
rebuilding"; "Don't rebuild New Orleans," Wednesday).

Anyone who compares Hurricane Katrina's disaster to the 1900 hurricane in
Galveston, Texas, the 1906 San Francisco earthquake or the 1871 Chicago fire
doesn't understand that more than 90,000 square miles were destroyed, millions
of families stripped of all resources, hundreds of thousands of children left
without schools, and more than 400,000 people displaced because a federal levee
system failed to meet its own standards.

If New Orleans shouldn't be rebuilt because of its geographic characteristics,
well, that's bad news for people in the California earthquake regions, New York
City by the Atlantic and the tornado alley of the Midwest.

I have watched hundreds of my neighbors remove debris themselves, tear down
their own houses, live in tents and campers, and suffer the air and water in an
effort to rebuild.

Frankly, I never expected President Bush to take care of anything except the oil
companies.

Let's talk about the elephant in the room: Bush apologists, I believe, view
Katrina victims as lazy minorities who don't work or pay taxes and are hitting
the jackpot on federal aid.  The idea that people should pick up shovels and
remove 90,000 square miles of debris themselves is ludicrous. In Bush's State of
the Union address, he seemed to reduce the Katrina disaster to an issue of
"debris." Evidently many of his followers fell for that spin.

I've paid more than $1 million in federal taxes during my lifetime, and I feel
better about our government helping our own taxpaying disaster victims than I do
about obliterating then rebuilding Iraq for reasons based on "flawed
intelligence" to the tune of more than $300 billion -- a fraction of the Katrina
bill.

The federal role in the Katrina disaster is a little more complex than "debris"
and "those people" who sit and "wait."

Michael R. Smith

New Orleans

'Perfect storm' for fraud

Sadly, it comes as no surprise that there was apparently massive fraud involved
in the Federal Emergency Management Agency's (FEMA) relief program administered
for purported Hurricane Katrina victims ("Fraud mounts in Katrina aid program,"
Cover story, News, Feb. 13).

One would not have to be Nostradamus to predict that massive government
assistance with little verification in a compressed period of time would
constitute the perfect storm for thousands of Americans always seeking to
perpetrate their next scam.

In my opinion, the ante should be substantially upped for crimes of fraud
committed in the course of federal disaster relief programs.

Joe Cordill

Shreveport, La.

Press is eager to pin blame

Is anyone surprised that there has been fraud involving "victims" of Hurricane
Katrina?

There are two constants when there is a disaster: fraud and news coverage. If
FEMA required every applicant to provide all identifying data, the journalists
would be quick to highlight some poor real victim who had lost everything and
couldn't get aid because his documents were lost in the disaster. Then the
politicians would loudly proclaim that not enough is being done quickly enough.
And finally government agencies would go into overdrive to give aid to victims,
legitimate or otherwise. Result: Fraud from the scum.

Now, in this scenario, you can rake FEMA over the coals again.

What you should point out is that, even as "flawed" as the system is, within six
months officials are starting to prosecute the cheats. But the news media must
have their cake and eat it, too.

Charles B. Brown

Rocklin, Calif.

Taxpayers are cheated

This is America?  What a disgrace.

Thousands of people defrauded me and other honest citizens by wrongly using
funds earmarked for legitimate relief for Hurricane Katrina victims.

I have a $2,000 deductible for health insurance, and I live paycheck to paycheck
because of such things as illegal immigrants and FEMA's incompetence. Honesty is
something many of us have lost along the way.

Giving out checks and debit cards carte blanche is disgusting, and the federal
government and big business are leading the way in corruption and mismanagement.
As a result, we're on our way to becoming a second-class country because no one
is at the helm and no one is accountable.

I, and many millions of hard-working and honest citizens, continue to be
attacked in our wallets and our very soul. If this is America, we must look
further into the mirror and see the heart that our nation has lost along the
way.

Ronald Boisseau

Flemington, N.J.

Finger-pointing is deserved

Reader Matthew Shaffer writes that people continue to say that it's the
"'government's fault" that this hurricane happened" ("Pin the blame on nature,"
Letters, Feb. 13).

Does he really think the people of New Orleans blame the government for the
occurrence of Hurricane Katrina? Mr. Shaffer, we don't blame the government for
the storm. We blame the government for its lack of response to the storm.

We blame the government for the fact that our educators presented a "worst-case
scenario," dubbed Hurricane Pam,  before Hurricane Katrina, showing leaders what
would happen -- and they paid no attention.

Shaffer writes that "not being prepared for the onset or aftermath (of a storm)
is not the fault of any other government agency."  I beg to differ. That is what
FEMA is for: to help local government when it does not have the manpower to
handle devastation of this magnitude.

Finally, Shaffer questions whether Gulf Coast residents are "preparing for a
possible Category 5 storm this year." This question is preposterous: Of course
we are!

Let's get some perspective. More than 1,300 people died along the Gulf Coast.
That's about half as many as died on 9/11. Nearly one-third of estimated totals
forD-Day. More than half of the toll at Pearl Harbor. Getting the picture?

Brian Francis

New Orleans

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, John Fitzhugh, The (Biloxi, Miss.) Sun Herald, via AP

DOCUMENT-TYPE: DEBATE

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2006 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             795 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              February 7, 1987, Saturday, Late City Final Edition

LETTER: ON RESEARCH;
Honest Science Errors Aren't 'Garbage'

SECTION: Section 1; Page 26, Column 1; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 406 words


To the Editor:

In his Editorial Notebook of Jan. 29 (''Fraud and Garbage in Science'') Nicholas
Wade contends that science journal editors and reviewers are unable to screen
out fraud or poor quality research (which he terms ''garbage''). He is right
about fraud but wrong about the ''garbage.'' Furthermore, his discussion betrays
a woeful misunderstanding of the review practices used by the journals and fails
to perceive important distinctions between fraud, ''garbage'' and error.

Reputable peer-reviewed science journals generally do a good job in selecting
the best work submitted to them, but they probably will not detect an adroitly
fraudulent study. That is because in science there must always be a presumption
of honesty. Contrary to Mr. Wade's assertion, this presumption is not
invalidated simply by the discovery of numerical errors or inconsistencies in a
manuscript. To challenge an author's trustworthiness on such bases is to confuse
infallibility with integrity and to allow no room for honest error. That would
create an atmosphere of intolerable suspicion and distrust and would threaten
the viability of the entire research enterprise. Unless the culprit's acts are
detected by his own co-workers or supervisors, fraudulent studies are not likely
to be recognized until other scientists try to duplicate or extend the work.

There is no evidence that outright fraud taints the work of more than a tiny
fraction of biomedical scientists, or that its incidence is increasing. What
does seem to be on the rise is the frequency of public reports of fraud - a
phenomenon not unexpected in view of the recent growth in the number of
biomedical scientists and the intensity of media coverage.

Whatever its incidence, I agree with Mr. Wade that fraud in science is a serious
problem requiring more study than heretofore. However, I can't agree there's
been a ''breakdown'' in science's quality assurance system. Journalists ought to
avoid overheated rhetoric lest they destroy public confidence in vital
institutions that have served society well. Neither biomedical research nor
science journals should be exempt from examination or criticism; nor should the
subject of ''fraud and garbage in science'' be considered taboo. I am simply
suggesting they deserve a more informed and balanced discussion.

ARNOLD S. RELMAN, M.D.
   Editor

New England Journal of Medicine

 Boston, Feb. 1, 1987

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1987 The New York Times Company


                             796 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                             April 3, 2010 Saturday

Doctor could face sanctions;

BYLINE: Lincoln Journal Star

SECTION: NEBRASKA; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 308 words


Author and former Nebraska physician Richard M. Fleming faces possible sanctions
to his medical license after convictions for health care fraud and mail fraud.

Fleming, formerly of the Fleming Heart and Health Institute in Omaha, lives in
Reno, Nev.

A cardiologist who has appeared on national news programs, Fleming also garnered
state scrutiny in 2004 after leaks from a medical examiner's report into the
death of Dr. Robert Atkins, founder of the famed Atkins' Diet.

The New York City medical examiner's office filed a complaint against Fleming
after a group with which he was affiliated said Atkins, comatose after a head
injury from a fall on the ice, was obese at the time of his death. The
examiner's office then said it erroneously sent Fleming the report.

Fleming is the author of "Stop Inflammation Now!" "The Diet Myth, Keeping Your
Heart Forever Young" and "How to Bypass Your Bypass."

According to complaints filed by Nebraska and Iowa, Fleming was sentenced to
five years' probation and six months of electronically monitored home
confinement and was ordered to pay $107,244 in restitution after pleading guilty
in August to one count each of health care fraud and mail fraud.

Fleming admitted that in 2002 he billed Medicare, Medicaid and Blue Cross Blue
Shield of Nebraska for falsely represented medical tests.

In 2004, Fleming said, he submitted false data after being paid to perform a
clinical study on the health benefits of a soy chip food product.

A state licensure hearing regarding his convictions was March 24, said a
spokeswoman with the Nebraska Department of Health and Human Services. An order
against Fleming's inactive medical license, if issued, could take as long as six
weeks to be announced.

A similar licensure hearing is set in April before the board of medicine in
Iowa, where Fleming's license was active until Feb. 1.

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 Lincoln Journal Star
                              All Rights Reserved


                             797 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                             June 29, 2006 Thursday

Sports in Brief | Fund manager faces more counts of fraud

BYLINE: Compiled By The Inquirer Staff

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D02

LENGTH: 607 words


A hedge-fund manager accused of disappearing with millions of dollars belonging
to at least 500 investors - including current and former NFL players - now faces
24 additional counts in his federal fraud case.

Kirk Wright of Marietta, Ga., was arrested May 17 in Miami after three months as
a fugitive, and was indicted May 25 on one count of mail fraud by a federal
grand jury in the Northern District Court of Georgia.

He now also faces 21 counts of mail fraud and three counts of securities fraud.
Additionally, Wright and his company, International Management Associates, face
a federal lawsuit by the Securities and Exchange Commission filed Feb. 27 and a
civil complaint filed in Georgia state court on Feb. 17.

Authorities said yesterday that Wright and his company collected as much as $185
million from at least 500 investors since 1997 and used false statements and
documents to mislead some of them into believing the value of their investments
was increasing.

Elsewhere: Chicago Bears running back Adrian Peterson agreed to a three-year
contract extension through 2009. Terms were not disclosed.

Colleges

Lincoln's Kyle Myrick was named the Association of Division III Independents
male student-athlete of the year.

Myrick, a senior from Overbrook High in Philadelphia, finished his two-year
career by scoring 1,737 points, second on the all-time Lincoln list.

The Association of Division III Independents consists of 19 independent Division
III institutions.

The Oct. 14 Penn State-Michigan game at Beaver Stadium is a sellout, the
university announced.

Penn State alumni can buy single-game tickets for the coming season beginning at
10 a.m. tomorrow, and all orders are to be placed online at www.goPSUsports.com.
Phone and counter orders are not available for the alumni sale.

Should tickets remain after the alumni sale, the public sale of Nittany Lions
single-game tickets will begin at 10 a.m. on July 7. Orders will be taken
exclusively online at www.GoPSUsports.com.

Elsewhere: Holy Family named Ryan Tozer an assistant coach for men's basketball,
head coach Alfred Johnson announced. Tozer was an assistant at La Salle
University last season.

Track and field

Dwain Chambers tied for second place in the 100 meters in the European Cup in
Malaga, Spain, competing for Britain for the first time in nearly three years
after serving a two-year doping suspension.

France's Ronald Pognon won in 10.13 seconds, with Chambers and Russia's Andrey
Yepishin finishing in 10.19.

Rowing

The Kent School from Connecticut became the first American team to challenge for
the new Prince Albert Cup in the 168-year-old Henley Royal Regatta, beating the
University of London's "B" crew by 21/4 lengths in Henley-on-Thames, England.

In the prestigious Princess Elizabeth Cup for international schoolboy eights,
Thomas Jefferson College from Alexandria, Va., beat the Kent School by 33/4
lengths. Thomas Jefferson faces the London-based Emanuel School in the second
round.

In the Temple Cup for student eights, Cornell cruised to an easy victory over a
composite crew from Pembroke and Christ Church Colleges, Oxford. Cornell will
race the Imperial College from London, which beat Scotland's Edinburgh
University.

Lacrosse

The Wings announced their protected list for the July 12 National Lacrosse
League expansion draft, which will provide the new Chicago and New York teams
with their initial rosters.

The Wings' protected players are goaltender Matt Roik; forwards Jake Bergey,
Keith Cromwell, Sean Greenhalgh, Dan Marohl, Marc Morley, Jeff Ratcliffe, Mike
Regan and Rob Van Beek; and defensemen Dan Finck, Peter Jacobs, Thomas Hajek,
Shawn Nadelen and Kyle Sweeney.

LOAD-DATE: June 29, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2006 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             798 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

                     May 11, 1996, Saturday, WEEKLY EDITION

B of M launches US$87M suit over alleged loan fraud

BYLINE: Richard Blackwell Financial Services Reporter - with files from wire
service

SECTION: SECTION 1, NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 308 words


Bank of Montreal is suing a U.S. bank that was its partner in a loan syndicate
burned by an alleged bank fraud.

B of M filed the suit Friday against Signet Banking Corp. of Richmond, Va., in
U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, for US$87.3 million,
the same amount as its exposure in the loan.

B of M and other banks, including Signet, lent US$323.5 million, which they
thought was to be used by tobacco giant Philip Morris Cos. Inc. to lease
equipment for secret offshore research.

But the two people who arranged the loan were not Philip Morris employees, and,
in March, they were arrested and charged with loan fraud.

B of M had the largest exposure to the US$254-million unrepaid portion of the
loan. The bank said in March it believed there would be ''substantial
recoveries'' of its US$87 million, and anything it didn't get back would be
covered by fraud insurance.

The bank also said it had launched an internal investigation to find out why
audits didn't uncover the fraud.

Now, B of M alleges in its suit that Signet persuaded it and other banks to
participate in the syndicate. B of M says Signet was negligent in not
determining that Edward Reiners, one of the two men charged, did not represent
Philip Morris and that the project did not exist.

A spokeswoman for Signet said Friday that bank officials had not yet seen
documents related to the suit. She said ''our people acted responsibly'' in
dealing with ''a very sophisticated, very complex fraud that took a number of
years to pull together and to pull off.''

At least one other bank that participated in the syndicate, Philadelphia-based
CoreStates Financial Corp., has also filed a suit against Signet.

Bank of Montreal spokesmen would not provide any further information beyond
confirming that the suit had been filed.


LOAD-DATE: November 3, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: COLUMN

                       Copyright 1996 Financial Post Ltd.


                             799 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    December 15, 1978, Friday, Final Edition


Building Firms Indicted for Bid Rigging;
Construction Companies Indicted for Conspiracy

BYLINE: By Larry Kramer, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: Business & Finance; C1

LENGTH: 526 words


Two of the world's largest offshore oil construction companies yesterday pleaded
no contest to federal indictments charging a conspiracy to rig bids in violation
of anntitrust law.  Both firms were immediately fined $1 million each.

A federal grand jury in New Orleans handed up indictments against Brown & Root
Inc. of Houston and J. Ray McDermott & Co., Inc. of New Orleans.  The
indictments charged the companies with conspiring to rig bids for marine
construction projects in violation of the Sherman Antitrust Act.

In addition to the companies, the grand jury charged six executives of the two
firms with bid-rigging as well as mail and wire fraud.  The executives did not
enter a plea yesterday.

U.S. District Court Judge Lansing Mitchell gave the two firms 10 days to pay the
fines.  The fines were the maximum allowable under the law.

A spokesman for McDermott said the company was not admitting guilt, but had
decided on its plea in an effortto avoid a time-consuming trial.  A Brown & Root
spokesman in Houston declined to comment, except to confirm the pleas and fines.
Therewas no immediate response from the company executives.

The companies were accused of attempting to maintain artificially high prices
and eliminate any competition in the extremely profitable business of building
offshore pipelines and oil production platforms.

Executives named in the grand jury indictments were:

Charles Leonidas Graves, chairman of the board and chief executive officer of
McDermott, who was charged with nine mail fraud counts and one wire fraud count.

Robert Kenneth Richie, president of McDermott, charged with one count of mail
fraud.

Hosea Ware Bailey, executive vice president of McDermott, charged with eight
counts of mail fraud and one count of wire fraud.

Henry Rogers Reeves, group vice president of McDermott, eight mail fraud counts
and one of wire fraud.

Hugh Wescott Gordon, Jr., executive vice president of Brown & Root, charged with
nine counts of mail fraud and one count of wire fraud.

Edward Lacy Tallichet, senior group vice president of Brown & oot, nine counts
of mail fraud and one count of wire fraud.

According to Ky P. Ewing, acting assistant attorney general in charge of the
Antitrust Divisn, the defendants are charged with conspiring to allocate among
themselves certain contracts for marine construction services, and to submit
rigged bids during a period from at least 1960 through 1975.

The defendants allegedly exchanged bid price information and submitted collusive
bids to several customers in the oil and gas industry seeking to build subsea
pipelines and offshore platforms in the Gulf of Mexico and elsewhere.

The maximum penalty upon conviction under the Sherman act for each individual is
three years in jail and a $100,000 fine.

The mail and wire fraud violations, if resulting in conviction, would subject
the six individuals to five more years in jail and a $1,000 fine for each count.

McDermott showed sales of $1.7 billion and profits of $146 million during its
last fiscal year.  Brown & Root, a subsidiary of the Halliburton Co., does not
report its earnings separately.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1978 The Washington Post


                             800 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                              May 21, 2010 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Fraud task force to be based in Virginia

BYLINE: David Lieberman

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 367 words


Federal officials will unveil today a potentially important effort to
investigate and prosecute financial fraud cases, this time in eastern Virginia
instead of the most prominent venue, New York City.

The U.S. Attorney's Office in Richmond will coordinate the Virginia Financial
and Securities Fraud Task Force with representatives of the Securities and
Exchange Commission, Commodity Futures Trading Commission, FBI, U.S. Postal
Service and IRS, as well as state law enforcement agencies. "It will allow us to
share information, connect the dots, and pursue criminal as well as civil
tracks," says Neil MacBride, U.S. Attorney for the Eastern District of Virginia.

That coordination should lead to "more prosecutions and faster prosecutions,"
says Robert Khuzami, director of the SEC's Division of Enforcement.

Securities fraud will be the top priority.

"We're going to be working with the SEC to start bringing some large,
national-impact securities fraud cases," MacBride says. Although he can't
discuss specific investigations, he adds that "there are a number of things in
the pipeline."

The new effort could boost Virginia's prominence in legal circles as a center
for splashy cases similar to the one that the SEC announced last month against
Goldman Sachs.

"Part of what's going on is a public relations effort," says Jim Cohen, a
professor at the Fordham University School of Law. For example, when the Justice
Department decides which of its offices will handle a case, "it's a very
political process," and Virginia has "a lot of competition from other
districts."

But unlike most, eastern Virginia has the legal right to handle almost any fraud
case, because virtually all official reports from publicly traded companies go
to the SEC's EDGAR computer server in Alexandria, Va., MacBride says.

Prosecutors like the area near Washington, D.C., because its juries "are
traditionally viewed as pro-government," says David Barger, a former federal
prosecutor who chairs the litigation practice at Virginia law firm Greenberg
Traurig.

The venue also has what's known as a "rocket docket," Barger says. "Cases go
from indictment to trial in 90 to 150 days. In other jurisdictions, it may take
a year or more."

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: MARKETS

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2010 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             801 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 December 8, 1995, Friday, Late Edition - Final

Retirees Help In Roundup Of Fraud Ring

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section B;    Page 12;    Column 6;    National Desk

LENGTH: 430 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Dec. 7


F.B.I. agents began rounding up 422 people in 15 states today on fraud charges
arising from an undercover investigation in which volunteer retirees tape
recorded dishonest telemarketers who victimize the elderly.

Earlier in this two-year operation, 114 people were arrested and 112 locations
were searched under warrants.

"Telephone pitches from illicit 'boiler room' operations cost Americans $40
billion a year," said Attorney General Janet Reno, who announced the roundup at
a news conference in Las Vegas, Nev. Officials in Washington also provided
details.

Retired law-enforcement agents and other volunteers were recruited through the
American Association of Retired Persons and posed as telephone subscribers
during the joint Federal and state operation.

Ms. Reno said victims commonly received five or more calls a day from
high-pressure telephone sales people once they made their first purchase or
contribution. The Government said that telemarketers singled out for arrest had
ruined the financial security of many elderly Americans.

Among them were an Ohio widow who lost her life savings of $240,000 to more than
50 fraudulent telemarketers, and a 92-year-old California woman who lost
$180,000 and then $5,250 more to a man who said he could recover some of the
money.

In Las Vegas, authorities investigated Feed America Inc., which they said
defrauded people of more than $1.3 million by soliciting donations purportedly
for the hungry, the homeless and an AIDS charity and for families of those
killed in the April bombing in Oklahoma City. An indictment was unsealed
charging John L. Ciccone and 12 of his salespeople; an arrest warrant was issued
for Mr. Ciccone.

Defendants faced charges of mail and wire fraud, which normally carries a
maximum penalty of 5 years in prison, or 30 years if a financial institution is
involved. But legislation enacted last year provides an additional 5 years for
telemarketing fraud or an additional 10 years if 10 or more senior citizens are
harmed or set as targets.

Ms. Reno said consumers "should resist high-pressure sales tactics and offers
that sound too good to be true."

"They must be careful," she said, "not to give out their credit card numbers or
checking account information without knowing who they are dealing with. And
suspected fraud should be reported promptly."

The Federal Bureau of Investigation said arrests were under way today in
Alabama, Arizona, California, Colorado, Florida, Georgia, Louisiana,
Massachusetts, Michigan, Missouri, Nevada, New York, Tennessee, Texas and
Washington.

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1995 The New York Times Company


                             802 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 11, 2015 Friday

Gates Mills man charged for his role in penny-stock fraud that cost investors
$27 million

LENGTH: 506 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Office for the United States Attorneys, Northern District of Ohio has issued
the following news release:







    A Gates Mills man was charged today for his role in a penny-stock fraud from
which he illegally received more than $7 million, said Steven M. Dettelbach,
U.S. Attorney for the Northern District of Ohio, and Stephen D. Anthony, Special
Agent in Charge of the FBI's Cleveland Office.



    Jason M. Cope, 42, was charged in a criminal information with one count of
conspiracy to commit securities fraud and wire fraud, one count of securities
fraud, one count of securities law violations and four counts of wire fraud.

    &ldquo;Although the charges allege a sophisticated 'penny stock' scheme,
there was nothing small-scale about this,&rdquo; Dettelbach said. &ldquo;The
defendants in this case, through trickery and manipulation, made millions and
millions of dollars on the backs of innocent investors.&rdquo;

    Cope served as president of several companies, including Worldbridge
Partners, Inc. and Structured Management, Inc. He was a former broker but was
not a registered securities broker and since 2003 was barred from having any
association with any members of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority,
according to the information.

    Zirk de Maison controlled several companies. He used several people,
including Cope, to identify and solicit investors to purchase shares in his
various companies. de Maison, Cope and others used promoters in so-called
&ldquo;boiler rooms&rdquo; to cold call and solicit potential investors. These
calls usually happened in conjunction with favorable press releases or other
information de Maison caused to be released, according to the information.

    Cope, de Maison and others worked on several occasions between 2009 and 2014
to fraudulently manipulate to price of the companies de Maison controlled. Cope
received more than $7.6 million in commissions from de Maison from participating
in the conspiracy, according to the information.

    Overall, investors lost more than $27 million through the fraudulent
manipulation of the stock prices. de Maison, of California, and others have
previously been charged for their roles in the conspiracy.

    These cases are being prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorneys Christos N.
Georgalis and Adam Hollingsworth following an investigation by the Federal
Bureau of Investigation.

     If convicted, the defendant's sentence will be determined by the court
after a review of the federal sentencing guidelines and factors unique to the
case, including the defendant's prior criminal record (if any), the defendant's
role in the offense and the characteristics of the violation.

     A charge is not evidence of guilt. A defendant is entitled to a fair trial
in which it will be the government's burden to prove guilt beyond a reasonable
doubt.




 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             803 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 10, 2015 Thursday

Gates Mills man charged for his role in penny-stock fraud that cost investors
$27 million

LENGTH: 506 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Office for the United States Attorneys, Northern District of Ohio has issued
the following news release:







    A Gates Mills man was charged today for his role in a penny-stock fraud from
which he illegally received more than $7 million, said Steven M. Dettelbach,
U.S. Attorney for the Northern District of Ohio, and Stephen D. Anthony, Special
Agent in Charge of the FBI's Cleveland Office.



    Jason M. Cope, 42, was charged in a criminal information with one count of
conspiracy to commit securities fraud and wire fraud, one count of securities
fraud, one count of securities law violations and four counts of wire fraud.

    &ldquo;Although the charges allege a sophisticated 'penny stock' scheme,
there was nothing small-scale about this,&rdquo; Dettelbach said. &ldquo;The
defendants in this case, through trickery and manipulation, made millions and
millions of dollars on the backs of innocent investors.&rdquo;

    Cope served as president of several companies, including Worldbridge
Partners, Inc. and Structured Management, Inc. He was a former broker but was
not a registered securities broker and since 2003 was barred from having any
association with any members of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority,
according to the information.

    Zirk de Maison controlled several companies. He used several people,
including Cope, to identify and solicit investors to purchase shares in his
various companies. de Maison, Cope and others used promoters in so-called
&ldquo;boiler rooms&rdquo; to cold call and solicit potential investors. These
calls usually happened in conjunction with favorable press releases or other
information de Maison caused to be released, according to the information.

    Cope, de Maison and others worked on several occasions between 2009 and 2014
to fraudulently manipulate to price of the companies de Maison controlled. Cope
received more than $7.6 million in commissions from de Maison from participating
in the conspiracy, according to the information.

    Overall, investors lost more than $27 million through the fraudulent
manipulation of the stock prices. de Maison, of California, and others have
previously been charged for their roles in the conspiracy.

    These cases are being prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorneys Christos N.
Georgalis and Adam Hollingsworth following an investigation by the Federal
Bureau of Investigation.

     If convicted, the defendant's sentence will be determined by the court
after a review of the federal sentencing guidelines and factors unique to the
case, including the defendant's prior criminal record (if any), the defendant's
role in the offense and the characteristics of the violation.

     A charge is not evidence of guilt. A defendant is entitled to a fair trial
in which it will be the government's burden to prove guilt beyond a reasonable
doubt.




 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             804 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 16, 2016 Saturday

Three from Northeast Ohio plead guilty for their roles in $17 million investment
fraud

LENGTH: 471  words

DATELINE: New York



 Office for the United States Attorneys, Northern District of Ohio has issued
the following news release:



  Three men from Northeast Ohio pleaded guilty this week for their roles in a
conspiracy to defraud about 70 investors out of approximately $17 million, law
enforcement officials said.





 Thomas Abdallah, 52, of Brunswick, pleaded guilty this week to plead to one
count of conspiracy to commit wire fraud and securities fraud and one count of
money laundering.



 Mark M. George, 59, of Independence pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy
to commit wire fraud and securities fraud.



 Jeffrey L. Gainer, 52, of Akron, pleaded guilty to one count of sale of
unregistered securities.



 All three are scheduled to be sentenced Oct. 4



 The guilty pleas was announced by Carole S. Rendon, U.S. Attorney for the
Northern District of Ohio, Stephen D. Anthony, Special Agent in Charge of the
FBI's Cleveland Office, and Kathy Enstrom, Special Agent in Charge, IRS-Criminal
Investigations, Cincinnati Field Office.



 Kenneth A. Grant, Jerry A. Cicolani and Kelly C. Hood previously pleaded guilty
to crimes related to this fraud.



 Abdallah and Grant owned and operated KGTA Petroleum, Ltd. They and others
marketed KGTA as a company that earned profits from buying and selling crude oil
and refined fuel products. They represented to investors that they had
relationships with third-party purchasers and investor funds would be used to
purchase fuel products at a discount and then resold at substantial profit,
according to court documents.



 KGTA issued investment agreements and promissory notes which offered guaranteed
monthly payments up to five percent per month or annual payments of
approximately 60 percent per year, according to the information. The defendants
never filed documentation about KGTA with the Securities and Exchange
Commission, according to court documents.



 Together, they obtained approximately $31 million from about 70 investors
between 2010 and 2014 through false and fraudulent pretenses. They knew KGTA did
not have agreements in place to sell oil and fuel, and that investors would not
earn 5 percent per month on their investments, according to court documents.



 The defendants used investor money for personal expenditures and luxury items
including a Mercedes Benz, a boat and mortgage payments on high-end residential
property. As a result of the conspiracy, the defendants defrauded the investors
out of approximately $17 million, according to court documents.



 This case is being prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorneys M. Kendra Klump and
Mark S. Bennett following an investigation by the Federal Bureau of
Investigation and Internal Revenue Service--Criminal Investigations.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             805 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 16, 2016 Saturday

Three from Northeast Ohio plead guilty for their roles in $17 million investment
fraud

LENGTH: 471  words

DATELINE: New York



 Office for the United States Attorneys, Northern District of Ohio has issued
the following news release:



  Three men from Northeast Ohio pleaded guilty this week for their roles in a
conspiracy to defraud about 70 investors out of approximately $17 million, law
enforcement officials said.





 Thomas Abdallah, 52, of Brunswick, pleaded guilty this week to plead to one
count of conspiracy to commit wire fraud and securities fraud and one count of
money laundering.



 Mark M. George, 59, of Independence pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy
to commit wire fraud and securities fraud.



 Jeffrey L. Gainer, 52, of Akron, pleaded guilty to one count of sale of
unregistered securities.



 All three are scheduled to be sentenced Oct. 4



 The guilty pleas was announced by Carole S. Rendon, U.S. Attorney for the
Northern District of Ohio, Stephen D. Anthony, Special Agent in Charge of the
FBI's Cleveland Office, and Kathy Enstrom, Special Agent in Charge, IRS-Criminal
Investigations, Cincinnati Field Office.



 Kenneth A. Grant, Jerry A. Cicolani and Kelly C. Hood previously pleaded guilty
to crimes related to this fraud.



 Abdallah and Grant owned and operated KGTA Petroleum, Ltd. They and others
marketed KGTA as a company that earned profits from buying and selling crude oil
and refined fuel products. They represented to investors that they had
relationships with third-party purchasers and investor funds would be used to
purchase fuel products at a discount and then resold at substantial profit,
according to court documents.



 KGTA issued investment agreements and promissory notes which offered guaranteed
monthly payments up to five percent per month or annual payments of
approximately 60 percent per year, according to the information. The defendants
never filed documentation about KGTA with the Securities and Exchange
Commission, according to court documents.



 Together, they obtained approximately $31 million from about 70 investors
between 2010 and 2014 through false and fraudulent pretenses. They knew KGTA did
not have agreements in place to sell oil and fuel, and that investors would not
earn 5 percent per month on their investments, according to court documents.



 The defendants used investor money for personal expenditures and luxury items
including a Mercedes Benz, a boat and mortgage payments on high-end residential
property. As a result of the conspiracy, the defendants defrauded the investors
out of approximately $17 million, according to court documents.



 This case is being prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorneys M. Kendra Klump and
Mark S. Bennett following an investigation by the Federal Bureau of
Investigation and Internal Revenue Service--Criminal Investigations.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             806 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 15, 2014 Wednesday

Alabama: Three Convicted of Conspiracy to Defraud Gulf Oil Spill Fund

LENGTH: 764  words

DATELINE: Montgomery


United States Attorney's Office for the Northern District of Alabama has issued
the following press release:

A federal jury on Monday convicted three people of conspiracy and fraud for
their family run scheme to steal more than $3 million from the claims fund
established by British Petroleum for victims of the 2010 Deepwater Horizon oil
spill, announced U.S. Attorney Joyce White Vance and FBI Special Agent in Charge
Richard D. Schwein Jr.

Following a two-week trial before U.S. District Judge Sharon Lovelace Blackburn,
the jury deliberated about seven hours and returned guilty verdicts on all 55
counts against MARCELLA TRUSS, 53, her husband, MARTEE DAVIS, 42, both of Grand
Bay, Ala., and Marcella Truss' brother, HOWARD LENARD CARROWAY, 42, of Mobile.
Sentencing dates have not been set.

All three were convicted of conspiracy to commit wire and mail fraud occurring
between August 2010 and December 2011 for filing false claims with the Gulf
Coast Claims Facility. Evidence at trial showed the oil spill fund paid almost
$2 million on the fraudulent claims. The jury also convicted Truss, Davis and
Carroway of aggravated identity theft in carrying out the scheme.

The jury convicted Truss on 31 counts of wire fraud for submitting, or causing
to be submitted, false claims to the GCCF and on one count of mail fraud related
to a check received as part of the scheme. Davis was convicted on three wire
fraud counts.

Truss and Davis were convicted of laundering money stolen from the GCCF.
Carroway was convicted on two counts of obstructing justice for telling recruits
in the scheme to lie to prosecutors. He also was convicted on five wire fraud
counts.

BP owned the Macondo Oil Well where the Deepwater Horizon drilling rig exploded
in 2010. BP established the GCCF in June 2010 to administer and settle claims
made against the company by individuals or business for losses, damages or other
costs resulting from the massive oil spill.
"The people convicted Monday saw a disaster that harmed the Gulf of Mexico, much
of its coastline and thousands of people, and their choice was to exploit the
disaster and steal from the fund intended to help its victims," Vance said. "We
place a high priority on investigating and prosecuting fraud related to natural
and man-made disasters to ensure that funds available to help victims of those
tragedies do not fall into the hands of criminals," she said.

"Those who seek to scam benefits intended for honest citizens genuinely affected
by disasters can expect the FBI to be right behind them, and ultimately to face
the same result as those convicted today," said Schwein.

Truss, Davis and Carroway originally were charged along with two other people,
Truss' son, Robert Truss III, 26, of Houston, and Cedric Dion Ravizee, 37, of
Birmingham. Robert Truss pleaded guilty in August to conspiracy, money
laundering, wire fraud and mail fraud. Ravizee pleaded guilty in June to one
count of wire fraud.

This week's guilty verdicts bring to 20 the number of people convicted in the
Northern District of Alabama on charges related to the scheme to defraud the
GCCF. Marcella and Robert Truss, Davis and Carroway recruited the 16 other
defendants to provide personal information that was used to file false claims.
Those recruited then received claim payments and provided a portion of the
payments to the ringleaders.

All of the claims falsely stated that the individual had worked for a company
called Built by Request and had lost wages because of the Deepwater Horizon
incident. Marcella Truss owned BBR and dissolved the company after the scheme
played out.

The maximum penalty for conspiracy is five years in prison and a $250,000 fine.
The maximum penalty for wire fraud and mail fraud is 20 years in prison and a
$250,000 fine. The penalty for aggravated identity theft is two years in prison
added to any sentence imposed for the underlying felony. The maximum penalty for
obstruction of justice is 20 years in prison and a $250,000 fine.

The money-laundering charge for which Davis was convicted carries a maximum
penalty of 20 years in prison and a maximum fine of $500,000, or twice the value
of the money involved in the crime, whichever is greater. The money-laundering
charge for which Marcella Truss was convicted carries a maximum penalty of 10
years in prison and $250,000 fine.

The FBI investigated this case. Assistant U.S. Attorneys Henry Cornelius,
Jacquelyn M. Hutzell and Xavier O. Carter are prosecuting the case.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             807 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 15, 2014 Wednesday

Alabama: Three Convicted of Conspiracy to Defraud Gulf Oil Spill Fund

LENGTH: 764  words

DATELINE: Montgomery


United States Attorney's Office for the Northern District of Alabama has issued
the following press release:

A federal jury on Monday convicted three people of conspiracy and fraud for
their family run scheme to steal more than $3 million from the claims fund
established by British Petroleum for victims of the 2010 Deepwater Horizon oil
spill, announced U.S. Attorney Joyce White Vance and FBI Special Agent in Charge
Richard D. Schwein Jr.

Following a two-week trial before U.S. District Judge Sharon Lovelace Blackburn,
the jury deliberated about seven hours and returned guilty verdicts on all 55
counts against MARCELLA TRUSS, 53, her husband, MARTEE DAVIS, 42, both of Grand
Bay, Ala., and Marcella Truss' brother, HOWARD LENARD CARROWAY, 42, of Mobile.
Sentencing dates have not been set.

All three were convicted of conspiracy to commit wire and mail fraud occurring
between August 2010 and December 2011 for filing false claims with the Gulf
Coast Claims Facility. Evidence at trial showed the oil spill fund paid almost
$2 million on the fraudulent claims. The jury also convicted Truss, Davis and
Carroway of aggravated identity theft in carrying out the scheme.

The jury convicted Truss on 31 counts of wire fraud for submitting, or causing
to be submitted, false claims to the GCCF and on one count of mail fraud related
to a check received as part of the scheme. Davis was convicted on three wire
fraud counts.

Truss and Davis were convicted of laundering money stolen from the GCCF.
Carroway was convicted on two counts of obstructing justice for telling recruits
in the scheme to lie to prosecutors. He also was convicted on five wire fraud
counts.

BP owned the Macondo Oil Well where the Deepwater Horizon drilling rig exploded
in 2010. BP established the GCCF in June 2010 to administer and settle claims
made against the company by individuals or business for losses, damages or other
costs resulting from the massive oil spill.
"The people convicted Monday saw a disaster that harmed the Gulf of Mexico, much
of its coastline and thousands of people, and their choice was to exploit the
disaster and steal from the fund intended to help its victims," Vance said. "We
place a high priority on investigating and prosecuting fraud related to natural
and man-made disasters to ensure that funds available to help victims of those
tragedies do not fall into the hands of criminals," she said.

"Those who seek to scam benefits intended for honest citizens genuinely affected
by disasters can expect the FBI to be right behind them, and ultimately to face
the same result as those convicted today," said Schwein.

Truss, Davis and Carroway originally were charged along with two other people,
Truss' son, Robert Truss III, 26, of Houston, and Cedric Dion Ravizee, 37, of
Birmingham. Robert Truss pleaded guilty in August to conspiracy, money
laundering, wire fraud and mail fraud. Ravizee pleaded guilty in June to one
count of wire fraud.

This week's guilty verdicts bring to 20 the number of people convicted in the
Northern District of Alabama on charges related to the scheme to defraud the
GCCF. Marcella and Robert Truss, Davis and Carroway recruited the 16 other
defendants to provide personal information that was used to file false claims.
Those recruited then received claim payments and provided a portion of the
payments to the ringleaders.

All of the claims falsely stated that the individual had worked for a company
called Built by Request and had lost wages because of the Deepwater Horizon
incident. Marcella Truss owned BBR and dissolved the company after the scheme
played out.

The maximum penalty for conspiracy is five years in prison and a $250,000 fine.
The maximum penalty for wire fraud and mail fraud is 20 years in prison and a
$250,000 fine. The penalty for aggravated identity theft is two years in prison
added to any sentence imposed for the underlying felony. The maximum penalty for
obstruction of justice is 20 years in prison and a $250,000 fine.

The money-laundering charge for which Davis was convicted carries a maximum
penalty of 20 years in prison and a maximum fine of $500,000, or twice the value
of the money involved in the crime, whichever is greater. The money-laundering
charge for which Marcella Truss was convicted carries a maximum penalty of 10
years in prison and $250,000 fine.

The FBI investigated this case. Assistant U.S. Attorneys Henry Cornelius,
Jacquelyn M. Hutzell and Xavier O. Carter are prosecuting the case.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             808 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                              May 1, 2008 Thursday
                                  ALL EDITION

Read fine print on voter ID decision

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A10

LENGTH: 320 words


The Augusta Chronicle editorial staff sounded pretty pleased with itself in its
April 30 editorial "Enough with the hysteria."

The piece celebrated the U.S. Supreme Court decision upholding an Indiana law
requiring voters to present a government-issued picture ID at polling places.
The declared purpose of the law, like one in Georgia, was to eliminate voting
fraud.

The editorial staff must not have read the opinion very carefully.

The court's majority acknowledged that to justify a burden on the
constitutionally protected right to vote, a state's interest in making elections
fair must be more than abstract: There must be actual proof of fraud.

The majority went on to note that the "only kind of voter fraud (the Indiana
law) addresses is in-person voter impersonation at polling places." Then,
amazingly, the court added that the record "contains no evidence of any such
fraud actually occurring in Indiana at any time in its history"!

Actual voting fraud has occurred, the court found; it gave three examples. The
earliest recorded was in New York City, in 1868! More recent incidents in other
states, it turns out, involved mostly absentee voting and voter registration
fraud, neither of which the Indiana law addresses.

Finally, the only Indiana evidence the court could cite turned out again to be
fraud involving absentee ballots. The Indiana law, like Georgia's, "fixes" an
essentially nonexistent problem!

Real voting fraud, the absentee voter and voter registration types, will never
be addressed by Republican legislatures since these are the types of fraud
preferred by Republicans.

But fixing fraud was never the intent anyway. Indiana's Republicans, like
Georgia's, sought the political advantage provided by the effective
disenfranchisement of poorer, older and mostly Democratic voters. Like Bush vs.
Gore in 2000, our conservative Supreme Court gave Republicans just what they
wanted.

Charles Heywood

Martinez

LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: letter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2008 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             809 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             August 16, 2002 Friday
                              Late Edition - Final

Ex-Executive Convicted of Fraud

BYLINE:  Bloomberg News

SECTION: Section C; Column 1; Business/Financial Desk; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 262 words

DATELINE: SAN FRANCISCO, Aug. 15


The former chief financial officer of Media Vision Technology, Steven J. Allan,
was convicted today of fraud for helping to inflate the company's 1993 financial
results.

Mr.

Allan, 52, was found guilty on three counts of wire fraud and two counts of
securities fraud.

A jury in Oakland, Calif., delivered the verdicts after a five-week trial in
which prosecutors said Mr. Allan, along with other Media Vision executives,
created phony inventory and made false statements to auditors to pump up 1993
results.

Media Vision's stock plunged after the fraud was discovered, and it filed for
bankruptcy the following year.

The conviction comes amid corporate accounting scandals and inflated profits at
Enron and WorldCom and promises of a government crackdown on executives who
cheat.

Mr. Allan faces a maximum of 35 years in prison and $2.7 million in fines.
Sentencing is scheduled for Dec. 6.

"This verdict comes at an important time in our efforts to hold corporate
executives accountable for misleading investors about the financial performance
of their companies," said Kevin Ryan, the United States attorney in San
Francisco.

Mr. Allan's lawyer could not be reached.

The company, which made personal-computer accessories, reported a $20 million
profit in 1993. After the fraud was discovered, the company restated its
financial results and reported losses of more than $99 million.

Paul C. Jain, Media Vision's former chief executive officer, pleaded guilty on
two counts of wire fraud in 2000. Two other executives who were charged pleaded
guilty and were fined.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 16, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2002 The New York Times Company


                             810 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 10, 2015 Tuesday

New Jersey: Former Kearny councilman pleads guilty in $13 million mortgage fraud
scheme

LENGTH: 464  words

DATELINE: Trenton


Cape May County, The State of New Jersey has issued the following news release:

A former Kearny councilman today admitted his role in a $13 million mortgage
fraud scam that used phony buyers to purchase condominiums in Wildwood and
Wildwood Crest, authorities announced.

John Leadbeater, 58, pleaded guilty to conspiracy to commit wire fraud before
U.S. District Judge Jerome B. Simandle in Camden federal court, one week into
what was expected to be a lengthy trial.

Leadbeater surrendered to special agents of the FBI in March 2013, on the
charges of conspiracy to commit money laundering and conspiracy to commit wire
fraud, a court document said. The money laundering charge was dropped in a
superseding indictment.

When sentenced on June 26, Leadbeater faces up to 30 years in prison and a $1
million fine.

Authorities say Leadbeater and several co-conspirators recruited straw buyers to
purchase the condominiums from May 2006 to August 2011. The straw buyers, who
had good credit scores but not the financial resources to purchase the
properties, were then used to buy the homes.

According to the indictment, Leadbeater and other conspirators created false
documents to make it appear the he straw buyers had more assets than they
actually had.

From 1990 to 1999, Leadbeater was a Kearny councilman for the 4th Ward, which
covers the east side of Kearny from Belleville Turnpike to Quincy Avenue.
Leadbeater also led three unsuccessful attempts to unseat current Kearny Mayor
Al Santos, most recently in 2009.

When the loans were approved and the lenders sent the proceeds, Leadbeater and
his conspirators took a portion of the proceeds and also distributed a portion
of the proceeds to the other members of the conspiracy for their roles.

In his plea, Leadbeater admitted to personally participating in fraudulent
activity related to nine properties in Wildwood and Wildwood Crest, the U.S.
Attorney's Office said. He admitted to causing mortgage lenders to fund $4.7
million worth of mortgages based on false and fraudulent loan applications and
closing documents.

Twelve conspirators not charged in the superseding indictment have already
pleaded guilty to the mortgage fraud scheme -- John Bingaman, 45, of Benton,
Ark.; Angela Celli, 42, of Somerset, Mass.; Deborah Hanson, 52, of Sewell;
Robert Horton, 40, of Nashport, Ohio; Michelle Martinez, 50, of Brick; Ernesto
Rodriguez, 46, of Brick; Dana Rummerfield, 48, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Justin
Spradley, 37, of Cincinnati, Ohio; Paul Watterson, 54, of Maplewood; Sweet Briar
Development Corp. of New Jersey; Joel Tirado, 51, of Woodbridge; and Diana
Wisniewski, 45, of Kings Park, New York. All are await sentencing.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             811 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 29, 2014 Monday

Florida: Ringleader In UPC Switching Fraud Scheme Sentenced To Five Years In
Federal Prison

LENGTH: 407  words

DATELINE: Tallahassee


United States Attorney's Office for the Middle District of Florida has issued
the following press release:

U.S. District Judge James D. Whittemore has sentenced Robert James Mercer (46,
Tampa) to five years in federal prison for conspiracy to commit wire fraud. The
Court also entered a money judgment in the amount of $130,000, which represents
the proceeds of the conspiracy. Mercer pleaded guilty on June 19, 2014. He was
sentenced on September 23, 2014.

According to court documents, from at least November 2013 through April 4, 2014,
Mercer, along with his co-defendants and others, traveled to Wal-Mart stores in
Florida, Alabama, Mississippi, Colorado, Texas, and elsewhere for the purpose of
defrauding the retailer.

To facilitate the fraud, the co-conspirators, primarily Mercer, purchased
prepaid debit cards from Green Dot and Wal-Mart using cash. By purchasing these
prepaid cards at Wal-Mart, the conspirators received legitimate merchandise
receipts showing high value cash purchases. The conspirators then altered these
original receipts to make them appear as if they had resulted from a merchandise
purchase. The fake receipts were then used to return items for cash.

In order to obtain the items, the conspirators purchased high value merchandise
using counterfeited or altered Universal Product Codes (UPC). For example, with
an altered UPC code, a whole-house water filtration system, which normally sold
for hundreds of dollars, would ring up for $19. The conspirators then returned
the items to a different Wal-Mart store, using a counterfeited receipt, and
obtained cash refunds for the actual retail price of the items.

The co-conspirators in this case confirmed that Mercer supervised them,
controlled the proceeds of the fraud, and paid the others for their roles in
this scheme. The loss to Wal-Mart is estimated at almost $200,000.

Four others were also charged in this case. Luis Schomaker was charged by a
criminal complaint with conspiracy to commit wire fraud. Co-conspirators David
Dunn, Sandra Walker, and Michael Odhiambo have each pleaded guilty to conspiracy
to commit wire fraud and will be sentenced at a later date.

This case was investigated by the United States Secret Service and the Pinellas
County Sheriff's Office. It is being prosecuted by Assistant United States
Attorney Mandy Riedel.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             812 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                              March 4, 2011 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Fewer scams, lower rates

BYLINE: Palm Beach Post Editorial, Friday, March 4

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. 16A

LENGTH: 383 words


You don't find Florida's consumer advocates and Florida's insurance companies
holding hands very often, but they have become best buddies in the fight to end
the state's reputation as the national center of auto insurance fraud.

According to the insurance industry, Tampa, Miami and Orlando are three of four
leading cities for fraud, after New York. The industry further estimates that
auto insurance fraud in Florida is a $1 billion business that adds roughly $100
to the premium of a family with two cars. Even if the industry's figures aren't
precise, Florida Consumer Action Network Director Bill Newton has it right when
he says, "If we can control fraud, everybody benefits."

Florida is vulnerable to such fraud because of the state's no-fault auto
insurance law, passed nearly four decades ago. The goal was admirable: to settle
claims from minor crashes out of court. Scammers, though, game the system by
staging accidents, recruiting "victims" who get phony treatment at bogus
clinics. Auto fraud is not a new issue for the Legislature, but the recent surge
in no-fault claims -- an estimated 46 percent increase between 2008 and 2010 --
prompted creation of the Sunshine Alliance to Erase Fraud

A comprehensive anti-fraud bill is being drafted, with the sponsors to be Sen.
Ellen Bogdanoff, R-Fort Lauderdale, and Rep. Jim Boyd, R-Bradenton. The main
provisions will include a requirement that police take names of all passengers
in a crash -- to determine who was truly injured -- a warning on applications
for clinics' licenses that fraud is a crime, and the ability of insurers to
interview, under oath, all claimants from a crash. The bill should not be
confused with House Bill 967, which aims to reduce attorneys' fees in no-fault
cases.

Prosecutors also can play a role. When Miami-Dade County State Attorney
Katherine Fernandez-Rundle assigned one prosecutor strictly to auto fraud,
industry analysts believe, scam operations shifted to Tampa. The goal, though,
is not just to keep scammers on the run but to put them out of business. Florida
is also home to plenty of Medicare and Medicaid scams, but the state needs to
work with the federal government in cracking those rings. With auto fraud,
Florida is in the driver's seat.

-- Randy Schultz,for The Palm Beach Post Editorial Board

LOAD-DATE: March 5, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Editorial

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2011 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             813 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Pharos-Tribune (Logansport, Indiana)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           August 17, 2016 Wednesday

Attorney: Locals invested $750K in reported scam

BYLINE: Mitchell Kirk, Pharos-Tribune, Logansport, Ind.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 758 words


Aug. 17--More than 20 people from Cass and Pulaski counties contributed about
$750,000 to a former Logansport man facing federal charges of defrauding
investors, according to a local attorney.

Larry Westby, 64, Vanderbilt, Michigan, faces charges of mail fraud, money
laundering and fraud in the offer and sale of securities. The FBI, IRS and
Indiana Secretary of State's office accuse the former Logansport resident of
scamming investors out of more than $985,000. Westby started a company called
LMW Inc. he based in Indianapolis with the reported objective of selling
respiratory therapy protocols.

Scott Starr, a partner with the Logansport-based law firm Starr Austen & Miller,
said he spent about a year investigating LMW on behalf of a couple dozen
investors starting in 2014. Those investors had bought a total of 732 shares in
LMW totaling about $750,000 collectively, Starr said. Most of the investors
hailed from Cass County and some from Pulaski County, he continued. Of the
shareholders Starr worked with, he said the largest investment was for $145,000,
while most were in the $25,000 range.

Starr estimates he's represented more than 1,400 victims of securities fraud
since the 1980s.

"Because I have a lot of experience in doing this work, it was pretty obvious to
me that this was a securities fraud case," Starr said of LMW. "...Still, a lot
of people we talked to wanted to believe that it was still good, but I tried to
tell them this looks bad to me, smells bad to me."

The firm's investigation discovered Westby didn't have a license to sell
securities and that the securities he was selling were unregistered -- a breach
of Indiana Code, Starr said.

"Larry Westby was just ignoring all of the laws in the way that he was handling
these investments," he added.

Some of the investors started providing the firm with copies of information
appearing on LMW's website. It totals more than 100 pages reporting on the
financial condition of the company from 2009 through 2015, when Westby shut the
website down.

Part of those communications include reports of selling LMW for more than $37
million. Minor hitches kept pushing back the finalization of the sale, however,
according to the reports.

"That's a hallmark of fraud," Starr said. "We see that a lot."

One issue holding up the sale was a Medicaid fraud investigation into one of
LMW's Florida-based customers, Westby told investors.

But when Starr reached out to Medicaid fraud investigators in Washington, D.C.,
he said he learned there was no such investigation.

"At that point, I knew he was just a fraud," Starr said.

Starr proceeded to tell the investors.

"Most of them believed us; a few of them still believed Larry Westby," he said.
"...Every fraud case I've handled, the fraudster is a very nice guy and
incredibly trustworthy and believable because if you look like a crook and you
act like a crook, you are not able to finagle money out of people."

While he was certain Westby was committing fraud, Starr said there was no hope
in securing compensation for the investors and chose not to pursue a lawsuit. If
Westby had an employer or an entity responsible for him, like an insurance
company, things would have been different, Starr explained.

"We just decided that there was not going to be a recovery here for these
victims and after working about a year, we decided not to take the case," he
said.

The firm turned over its investigation to the Indiana Secretary of State
Securities Division, which worked with the FBI and IRS to indict Westby earlier
this month. The agencies accuse Westby of spending LMW investments on two
vehicles, the repayment of a personal loan, personal credit card bills and a
vintage basketball court.

"This is one of those deals where he just literally stole people's money, gave
them a story and spent the money on himself," Starr said. "And he should go to
prison for this. In my experience, I've had a lot of cases where the fraudsters
end up in prison."

Westby's indictment also lists investors from Beverly Shores, Zionsville,
Greensburg and Newburgh. A jury trial is currently scheduled for Oct. 3 in U.S.
District Court Southern District of Indiana.

Attempts to reach Westby this week continued to be unsuccessful.

Reach Mitchell Kirk at mitchell.kirk@pharostribune.com or 574-732-5130

Read copies of the internet site authorities say was used to scam investors
online at pharostribune.com.

___ (c)2016 the Pharos-Tribune (Logansport, Ind.) Visit the Pharos-Tribune
(Logansport, Ind.) at www.pharostribune.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160817-LG-Attorney-Locals-invested-750K-in-reported-scam-0817-20160817

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LG


                         Copyright 2016 Pharos-Tribune


                             814 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                             April 24, 2015 Friday

FICO explains new anti-fraud analytics

LENGTH: 272  words

DATELINE: SAN JOSE, Calif


FICO, the predictive analytics and decision management software company, will
showcase new technologies and strategies that are putting a bite on fraud,
through presentations at the PAYMENTS 2015 conference in New Orleans. "Banks
worldwide have been extremely successful fighting card fraud, because the
technology has evolved as fast as the threats," said TJ Horan, vice president of
fraud solutions at FICO. "We're using the PAYMENTS conference to bring the
industry up to speed with the latest anti-fraud analytics, which do as much to
preserve customer loyalty as to stop fraudulent payments." U.S. card issuers
decline more than $40 billion in card-not-present (CNP) transactions per year,
resulting in unnecessary lost revenue and reduced customer goodwill. In his
presentation "Using the Device in Multi-layered Authentication" on Monday, Doug
Clare, vice president of product management at FICO, will explore how card
issuers can approve more CNP transactions by using a consumer's mobile device
history to provide missing information on a transaction's validity. This will be
even more critical as the adoption of new chip-and-signature protection systems
in the US this year drive criminals to target online transactions.


A fraud event is a defining moment in customer satisfaction and loyalty for any
bank, merchant or card issuer. On Tuesday, FICO's TJ Horan will be joined by an
executive from a leading global bank to discuss "How Customer Centricity is
Driving Fraud Management Strategies." They will introduce new concepts and share
best practices on how fraud management done right can lead to a competitive
advantage.

LOAD-DATE: April 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             815 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 9, 2015 Thursday

Arizona: Six Individuals Indicted in Mortgage Fraud Scheme

LENGTH: 687  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Justice has issued the following news releae:

Six individuals, from Miami and Brazil, were indicted for participating in a
mortgage fraud conspiracy.

Wifredo A. Ferrer, U.S. Attorney for the Southern District of Florida, and
George L. Piro, Special Agent in Charge, Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI),
Miami Field Office, made the announcement.

Raul Enrique Quintana, 48, of Miami, Maura Barbosa Lopes, a/k/a "Maura
Quintana," 55, of Brazil,Arnaldo Almeida Prado Neto, 33, of Brazil, Evelyn Lara,
47, of Miami, Luis Enrique Sosa, 43, of Miami, and Juan Osiel Gonzalez, 54, of
Miami, were charged with conspiracy to commit bank fraud and wire fraud
affecting a financial institution, and various counts of bank fraud offenses,
punishable by up to thirty years in prison.

The indictment alleges that from 2004 to 2007, the defendants conspired to
perpetrate a complex mortgage fraud scheme against various FDIC-insured lenders,
including Chevy Chase Bank, JP Morgan Chase Bank, and Washington Mutual Bank.

The indictment alleges that the defendants Raul Enrique Quintana, Maura Barbosa
Lopes, and Arnaldo Almeida Prado Neto purchased and refinanced residential
properties in Miami-Dade and Palm Beach Counties, including a number of
properties on Fisher Island, using mortgage loans that they obtained through
false and fraudulent misrepresentations on their loan applications and related
documents.

According to the indictment, the fraudulent loan applications were originated by
Raul Enrique Quintana's mortgage brokerage company, Brickell Financial
Corporation ("BFC"). Title Closing Partners, LLC ("TTP"), a company controlled
by Raul Enrique Quintana, Maura Barbosa Lopes, and Evelyn Lara, served as the
closing agent for the loans.

According to the indictment, the defendants' misrepresentations to the banks
included fictitious verifications of false and fraudulent employment and bank
deposit information set forth on loan applications. The indictment alleges that
Maura Barbosa Lopes and Arnaldo Almeida Prado Neto, as borrowers, falsely and
fraudulently declared that they were employed by defendant Luis Sosa's company,
CWW, and were earning substantial salaries. It is further alleged that Raul
Quintana and Luis Sosa agreed that when lenders contacted CWW the employees
would provide fraudulent verifications of Barbosa Lopes and Prado Neto's
employment with the company.

The indictment also alleges that Raul Quintana, Maura Barbosa Lopes, and Arnaldo
Almeida Prado Neto submitted loan applications that fraudulently listed
fictitious or inflated bank account balances as assets, and that in some
instances they provided lenders with falsified bank account statements in
support of those claims. It is alleged that defendant Juan Gonzalez, who was an
employee at Wachovia Bank, provided lenders with false and fraudulent
verifications of deposit for fictitious and inflated Wachovia Bank accounts that
were listed as assets by Raul Quintana and Maura Quintana on their loan
applications.

The indictment alleges that Evelyn Lara prepared and signed HUD-1 Settlement
Statements for loans to Raul Quintana, Maura Barbosa Lopes, and Arnaldo Almeida
Prado Neto, which falsely and fraudulently stated that they had paid earnest
money deposits and cash due at the closing of their loans.

On April 6, 2015, Raul Quintana, Maura Barbosa Lopes, Arnaldo Almeida Prado
Neto, Luis Sosa, and Juan Gonzalez appeared for their initial hearing before
United States Magistrate Judge Chris M. McAliley. Luis Sosa and Juan Gonzalez
were granted bond. Raul Quintana, Maura Barbosa Lopes, and Arnaldo Almeida Prado
Neto remain in custody pending their pretrial detention hearings, which are
currently set for April 9, 2015, before Magistrate Judge McAliley in Miami.

Mr. Ferrer commends the investigative efforts of the FBI. The case is being
prosecuted by Assistant United States Attorney Dwayne E. Williams.

An indictment is only an accusation and a defendant is presumed innocent unless
and until proven guilty.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             816 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   December 3, 1997, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

Ex-governor, NFL team owner face fraud indictments

BYLINE: Haya El Nasser; Maria Puente

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 293 words


Former Louisiana governor Edwin Edwards expects to be indicted
again, along with San Francisco 49ers owner Edward DeBartolo Jr.,
on fraud charges involving a riverboat gambling project.

Edwards' lawyer, Michael Fawer, confirmed Tuesday Edwards and
five others, including DeBartolo, received "target letters"
from the U.S. attorney's office in New Orleans.

DeBartolo, a longtime friend of Edwards, resigned Tuesday as the
head of the 49ers. His sister, Denise DeBartolo York, announced
that she will take over the team.

Target letters serve as warnings to people likely to charged with
a crime. The six recipients were invited to testify this week
before a federal grand jury in Baton Rouge, Fawer says. He expects
Edwards to be indicted by Dec. 12.

The Times of Shreveport, La., reports that at least four of the
six will not testify. Fawer says Edwards does not "choose to
attend that beheading."

U.S. officials refused to comment. Details of the case are murky,
but it may involve the awarding of a gambling license under the
state's riverboat casinos law. Prosecutors have said possible
charges could include money laundering, mail fraud, wire fraud
and extortion.

A partnership that included DeBartolo and Dallas-based Hollywood
Casino Corp. planned to build a $ 164 million casino complex at
Bossier City. DeBartolo withdrew from the project after the state
gambling board demanded he hand over documents he gave to a grand
jury investigating Edwards.

Edwards, a flamboyant four-term governor, says he has appeared
before more than 20 grand juries investigating him. He says he
expects to be indicted, although "I still don't know what for."

"These charges simply are not true," DeBartolo says.

LOAD-DATE: December 03, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1997 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             817 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  June 27, 1997, Friday, Late Edition - Final

4 at Syracuse Finance Firm Indicted in Pyramid Scheme

BYLINE: By BENJAMIN WEISER

SECTION: Section D; Page 2; Column 5; Business/Financial Desk

LENGTH: 652 words


The Federal Government indicted the former chief financial officer of the
Bennett Funding Group and three other men yesterday in what the Government
called one of biggest securities fraud cases in American history and a
large-scale attempt to cover it up.

In a 43-count indictment that brought to nine the number of defendants charged
in the scandal, prosecutors accused the former executive, Patrick R. Bennett, of
a fraud that cost more than 12,000 investors and 200 banks nearly three-quarters
of a billion dollars.

The United States Attorney for the Southern District, Mary Jo White, called Mr.
Bennett the "alleged architect" of the fraud, in which officials said many
victims were elderly and lost their life savings. Prosecutors said the fraud
extended to 46 states, with New York, New Jersey and Florida among the states
with the largest number of victims.

According to Federal officials and the 100-page indictment, the fraud was
possibly the largest pyramid scheme ever, in which Mr. Bennett and others sold
investments in office equipment leasing contracts that were, in some cases,
fictitious, and in other cases, already pledged to other investors or as
collateral to institutions. In a pyramid, or Ponzi, scheme, early investors are
paid off by later ones, while other money may be diverted to those running the
scheme.

The Government also accused Mr. Bennett and others of engaging in sham financial
transactions that were designed to give an inflated picture of the firm, which
was then used in marketing to investors as well as in obtaining loans.

Some of the details in the indictment have been disclosed previously in court
papers filed by prosecutors, as well as in a civil securities fraud complaint
filed last year by the Securities and Exchange Commission. But the Federal
indictment was notable for the sheer breadth of the fraud it described, the
central role it ascribed to Mr. Bennett and the extent of the cover-up.

As part of the cover-up, prosecutors contended that Mr. Bennett and others gave
fabricated and backdated documents as well as perjured testimony to the S.E.C.,
and also sought to conceal assets from the bankruptcy proceedings involving his
former firm. After the S.E.C. filed its fraud complaint, several companies
controlled by Mr. Bennett filed for bankruptcy.

"In short, from beginning to end, these defendants are charged with committing
every variety of crime, to carry out their fraud, to hide their fraud from
regulators and investors, and, even after the scheme was unraveling, and after
bankruptcy was filed, to try to conceal and divert from creditors and
investigators what remaining assets there were," Ms. White said.

Mr. Bennett could not be reached for comment yesterday. His lawyer, Charles A.
Stillman, said his client "expects that the full truth will show that the
Bennett Companies were not a 'Ponzi scheme' and that the companies were not run
for his personal enrichment."

"He deeply regrets that any investor has suffered any financial injury," Mr.
Stillman added, "and as a former officer and director of the Bennett Companies
accepts full responsibility for his actions."

The indictment charged Mr. Bennett with a total of 37 counts including
conspiracy, bank fraud, money laundering, obstruction of justice, perjury and
concealment of assets. The others charged in the case were Mr. Bennett's
brother, Michael, the former deputy chief executive officer of the firm, which
is based in Syracuse; Charles T. Genovese, an accountant; and Gary Peiffer, a
lawyer and owner of a New Jersey investment firm. Each was charged with one
count of conspiracy and one count of obstruction of justice.

The lawyer for Mr. Genovese, Rick Garcia, said his client was "innocent of all
charges" and would fight the indictment. A lawyer for Michael Bennett declined
to comment. And a lawyer for Mr. Peiffer could not be reached.


LOAD-DATE: June 27, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company


                             818 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                 March 11, 1999, Thursday, 2 Late Tampa Edition

Man accused of swindling investors

SECTION: TAMPA & STATE; Pg. 6B

LENGTH: 161 words

DATELINE: TAMPA



A federal grand jury indicted a former Tampa resident Wednesday on fraud
charges, claiming he swindled $ 3.4-million from people who believed they were
investing in a water shuttle between New York City and Atlantic City, N.J.

Lebo Mancuso, 48, now of New Orleans, was charged with mail fraud, wire fraud
and securities fraud, a news release from the U.S. Attorney's Office said. If
convicted of all three felonies, Mancuso could face a $ 510,000 fine and a
10-year prison sentence.

According to the news release, between August 1989 and January 1999, Mancuso
persuaded investors to give him millions that he said would be used to build
what he called the Transatlantic water shuttle connecting New York City with the
casinos of Atlantic City.

The release said Mancuso used the money for living expenses, gifts, race horses,
loans to companies he controlled and the purchase of a Tampa home.

Attempts to contact Mancuso were unsuccessful Wednesday.


LOAD-DATE: March 11, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: TAMPA & STATE

                    Copyright 1999 Times Publishing Company


                             819 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                             July 12, 2016 Tuesday

Elk Grove executive convicted of fraud

BYLINE: By Anna Marie Kukec, Daily Herald Business Writer akukec@dailyherald.com

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 396 words


An Elk Grove Village executive on Monday was convicted of defrauding about 200
investors out of $9 million after he claimed his company made Homeland Security
and food safety products and had contracts for business.

A jury in U.S. District Court in Chicago convicted Gregory Webb, then CEO and
president of InfrAegis Inc., of nine counts of wire fraud and mail fraud. Two
other counts were dropped.

The 71-year-old former Arlington Heights resident, who was last living in
Dallas, now faces a maximum penalty of 20 years in prison and a $250,000 fine
for each count and restitution, according to court documents. Sentencing is
scheduled for Nov. 7 before Judge Virginia Kendall.

After sentencing, Webb could appeal, said his attorney Michael Monico.

"Webb did not take a salary and he even lent the company $1.3 million of his own
money. He didn't get half of that back," said Monico. "It's unfortunate but he
was an optimist and believed his company could make it."

The indictment, announced in February 2014, alleged Webb devised and
participated in a scheme to defraud investors by making false representations
about the financial condition of his company and the expected returns of their
investments in it.

According to court documents, Webb and InfrAegis obtained more than $9 million
from investors by offering and selling stock in the company by falsely
portraying InfrAegis as having high-level connections in the Homeland Security
market and lucrative contracts for the sale of its products between 2007 and
October 2013.

Webb and InfrAegis also were accused of falsely representing that the city of
Chicago had agreed to install InfrAegis' iaMedium, a kiosk that supposedly could
detect the presence of nuclear or biological weapons throughout the city, and
that the agreement would result in profits of more than $80 million a year, the
indictment alleged.

While InfrAegis had some discussions with the city about installing iaMediums in
2007 and 2008, there was never any agreement to install the system in Chicago,
documents said.

In 2009 and 2010, Webb and InfrAegis allegedly falsely represented that the
company had a contract with the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority
to install iaMediums throughout the Washington, D.C., Metro train system.
Negotiations were terminated when WMATA determined that InfrAegis was not
financially responsible, documents said.

LOAD-DATE: July 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                             820 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                              June 7, 2002 Friday
                              Late Edition - Final

Man Suspected of Terror Role Faces Deportation for Fraud

BYLINE:  By BENJAMIN WEISER

SECTION: Section B; Column 1; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 459 words


A Jersey City man who drew early and intense scrutiny in the terror
investigation after Sept. 11 pleaded guilty yesterday to one count of conspiracy
to commit credit card fraud and seems likely to be deported soon, his lawyer
said.

The defendant, Mohammed Jaweed Azmath, 37, was one of two men from India who
were arrested the day after the attack on the World Trade Center, during a
search of an Amtrak train in Texas. Investigators said the two men flew out of
Newark on the day of the attack, and were found to be carrying several thousand
dollars in cash and box cutters like those used by the hijackers. The men had
also shaved much of their body hair, as some of the hijackers had been told to
do, officials said.

Ultimately, however, the government was unable to link Mr. Azmath or the other
man, Syed Gul Mohammed Shah, to the attack or any other acts of terrorism. The
fraud case against Mr. Shah is pending.

Prosecutors said in a federal complaint that both men confessed to the fraud
scheme, in which counterfeit checks were used to make large payments on credit
cards, which were then used to make purchases or cash withdrawals.

In Federal District Court in Manhattan yesterday, Mr. Azmath, a slight man with
flecks of gray hair, acknowledged his guilt in the fraud case before Magistrate
Judge Michael H. Dolinger. A prosecutor, Eric Bruce, said Mr. Azmath's activity
had resulted in $58,747 in credit card losses.

Mr. Azmath could be sentenced to 8 to 14 months in prison, but his lawyer,
Anthony L. Ricco, said outside court that he would ask that he be given time
served. Mr. Ricco said Mr. Azmath has been held in harsh and abusive conditions
in the federal jail in Brooklyn since he was first detained as a material
witness in September. He was charged with fraud in December.

In one instance, Mr. Ricco said, jail guards slammed Mr. Azmath's foot against a
cell door, injuring his toe. Guards have also called him "one of the bombers" or
said, "Here comes Al Qaeda."

Mr. Azmath has been locked in a segregated cell, in virtual isolation, around
the clock, Mr. Ricco said, adding, "He's served hard time."

Mr. Ricco said that his client was held for three months before he was given a
lawyer and that he believes that any statements Mr. Azmath made were not
voluntary. Mr. Ricco said he believed that prosecutors offered a reasonable plea
bargain to avoid a court fight. He also said that given the jail conditions and
his client's desire to return to India, the plea was the best decision.

Prosecutors had no comment last night. A Bureau of Prisons official said she
could not comment on specific cases, but added: "Abuse is never tolerated in the
Bureau of Prisons. We take all allegations very seriously, and they are
investigated."

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 7, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2002 The New York Times Company


                             821 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   February 23, 1999, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Critics say probes miss targets

BYLINE: Peter Eisler

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 5B

LENGTH: 635 words


Dozens of state and federal agents were in on the bust at the
eight offices of Home Health and Hospice Care that January morning
in 1995.

Suspecting the North Carolina company of billing Medicare and
Medicaid for services it wasn't providing, the agents seized everything,
hauling off 5 million records in trucks borrowed from the Post
Office.

The raid on HHHC was widely reported by local news outlets. It
seemed the government again had struck gold in its crackdown on
health care fraud.


But this one didn't pan out.

Fifteen months after the raid, a federal magistrate killed the
HHHC case, ruling that the government misrepresented evidence
to obtain its warrants. Three times, the government appealed,
finally to the 4th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals, but each ruling
echoed the magistrate's assessment: The government had pursued
its case with "reckless disregard for the truth."

Across the nation, doctors, hospitals, home care agencies, nursing
homes and medical equipment suppliers cite such cases as proof
that the government's crackdown on health care fraud too often
is tripping up the wrong people.

Many contend that overzealous prosecutors and investigators see
crimes when health care providers make innocent errors in documenting
bills for Medicare and Medicaid.

"You're guilty until proven innocent," says Eric Sokol of the
National Association for Home Care. "A lot of legitimate companies
are being dragged through the well. Hiring attorneys and accountants
to deal with these investigators is a huge burden."

No one knows how many health care fraud cases are wrongly pursued.
There's no detailed tracking of civil prosecutions for health
care fraud, the approach most often taken by U.S. attorneys.

Records are somewhat better on criminal prosecutions. In the five-year
period from 1993-97, U.S. attorneys prosecuted 37% of the criminal
health care fraud cases they opened, according to a USA TODAY
analysis of Justice Department data.

That prosecution rate is lower than those posted by U.S. attorneys
in criminal cases of tax fraud (67%) or consumer fraud (45%),
but higher than for cases of fraud involving federal contracts
(31%).

And among the health care fraud cases U.S. attorneys prosecuted
in 1997, they won 87% of the time.

Still, federal officials acknowledge complaints about overzealous
prosecutions.

Last summer, the Justice Department set guidelines stressing that
fraud charges should not be brought against health care providers
who make honest billing mistakes.

"I recognize that at times our approach has been perceived to
be heavy-handed," Deputy Attorney General Eric Holder said in
a speech earlier this month to the American Hospital Association.

"While (we) expect our prosecutors to be aggressive, we must
at all times be fair and even-handed."

But many health care providers say that's not happening.

Beverly Withrow, president of HHHC, remembers imploring an assistant
U.S. attorney to reconsider the case against her company. The
prosecutor, she recalls, replied, "We are the government. We
don't make mistakes."

Officials with the U.S. attorney's office in Raleigh, N.C., say
they did nothing wrong.

Now, HHHC has filed a lawsuit against the government, seeking
to recoup about $ 500,000 the company spent defending itself. But
legal fees, according to Withrow, represent only a fraction of
what she lost.

"We lost a tremendous amount of business," Withrow says. "Referrals
dropped drastically. It was like having leprosy. I understand
that no (law enforcement agency) is going to bat 1,000. But when
there's a problem, they've got to be willing to say, 'Hey, we
might have gotten something wrong here. Let's go back and look
at it again.' "

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, Greg Eans for USA TODAY; Batting 5 for 5: Beverly Withrow
looks through patient files in her office in Goldsboro, N.C. Five judges have
ruled in favor of her firm in a 1995 government investigation of health care
fraud.

                      Copyright 1999 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             822 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                             May 7, 2014, Wednesday

Prosecutors lay out case in Donnan trial

SECTION: WSPORTS; Pg. P5B

LENGTH: 440 words


ATHENS, Ga. - Former University of Georgia and Marshall University football
coach Jim Donnan abused the trust of friends and fellow coaches to lure them
into an $80 million fraud investment scheme, a federal prosecutor said Tuesday.

A defense attorney countered that Donnan thought he'd found a good investment
and wanted to share his good fortune with others.

The conflicting portraits of Donnan, 69, were outlined during opening statements
in his trial on charges including conspiracy, mail fraud and wire fraud.

An indictment said Donnan and Gregory Crabtree, of Proctorville, Ohio, ran the
scheme through GLC Limited Inc., a West Virginia-based company that dealt in
closeout merchandise. The pair sold short-term investments and promised
investors rates of return ranging from 50 percent to 200 percent, prosecutors
said.

Among the coaches Donnan was accused of helping attract were Texas State
football coach Dennis Franchione; Virginia Tech football coach Frank Beamer;
ex-Dallas Cowboys coach Barry Switzer, Cincinnati football coach Tommy
Tuberville and North Carolina State basketball coach Mark Gottfried, according
to filings in a separate federal case.

Crabtree pleaded guilty last month to conspiracy. He is set to testify in
Donnan's trial.

Prosecutor Paul McCommon said the men carried out the scheme together, but
Donnan was calling many of the shots.

"It was Mr. Donnan who recruited the investors. It was Mr. Donnan who determined
who got paid, when they got paid and how they got paid, McCommon said.

He routinely misrepresented the "deals and promised phenomenal returns, McCommon
said.

"These people invested in GLC because they trusted Mr. Donnan, McCommon said.

Donnan was head coach at Marshall from 1990-1995 and at Georgia from 1996-2000.
He later became an ESPN analyst.

GLC had little income, so money from new investors was continually needed for
expenses, to pay Crabtree and Donnan and to send investors payouts that were
falsely represented as returns on earlier investments, McCommon said. Between
September 2007 and October 2010, prosecutors say the pair raised more than $81
million from 94 investors.

Donnan's attorney Ed Tolley presented Donnan as a successful coach whose
friendship was sought by many wealthy and influential people. He is a loyal man
who cherishes the personal relationships he built in different circles and
wanted to share a good opportunity with his friends, Tolley said.

Tolley said Crabtree cashed in on Donnan's celebrity.

"Jim Donnan was the first investor in GLC and, we say, the first victim, Tolley
said, adding that his client has lost everything from GLC's collapse.

- THE ASSOCIATED PRESS

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 Charleston Newspapers


                             823 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           December 5, 2007 Wednesday
                              Correction Appended
                                 Met 2 Edition

The Trail

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A11

LENGTH: 813 words

FRAUD INDICTMENT

N.Y. Goes After Hsu

The U.S. attorney in Manhattan indicted former Hillary Rodham Clinton fundraiser
Norman Hsu yesterday, laying out what prosecutors described as a "massive fraud
scheme" that allegedly left investors in Hsu's fictitious clothing businesses
with losses of $20 million.

The indictment charges Hsu with six counts each of mail fraud and wire fraud and
three counts of violating the Federal Election Campaign Act. He allegedly
squeezed  contributions out of his investors and, in some cases, repaid  donors
who wrote checks to Hsu's chosen candidates.

Hsu remains in a California jail on separate fraud charges there, but
prosecutors in New York said they expect him  to be transferred there "in coming
weeks."

Hsu's California attorney, James J. Brosnahan, was not available to  comment.

The 13-page indictment offered few new details about the allegations leveled
against Hsu after news reports first revealed this summer that he was wanted on
outstanding fraud charges in Northern California. The document describes a
complex Ponzi scheme in which Hsu allegedly collected more than $60 million in
investments for a clothing business, using each new investment to pay off a
previous one.

In all, the indictment said, the victims lost at least $20 million. In addition
to leveling the indictment, prosecutors sought to seize all of Hsu's assets.
Among the items listed in the indictment: "A saxophone autographed by a former
President of the United States."

--  Matthew Mosk

ILLEGAL WORKERS

Romney Fires Crew

Less than a week after former Massachusetts governor Mitt Romney defended
himself during a debate against accusations that he had hired a company that
used illegal immigrants to care for his lawn as governor, his  campaign
announced that he  fired the same lawn-care company for again employing illegal
immigrants.

In a statement, Romney said that he had given the company a second chance a year
ago, allowing it to continue work at his house in Massachusetts with the
understanding that it would not employ undocumented workers.

His statement yesterday came after the Boston Globe presented evidence to the
campaign that the lawn-care company employed illegal immigrants.

"The company's failure to comply with the law is disappointing and inexcusable,
and I believe it is important I take this action," Romney said in the statement.

He also released a copy of the short letter of termination he sent to Ricardo
Saenz of Community Lawn Service.

"Given your company's disregard for the clear instructions provided on this
issue last year, I am forced to terminate my contract with your company,
effective immediately," the letter stated. "My family will no longer utilize
your services and all scheduled visits are cancelled as of today. I am
disappointed that our relationship must end on this note, but we simply cannot
tolerate your inability to ensure that your employees are legally permitted to
work in the United States."

The decision highlights a key issue in the Republican presidential nominating
contest, and a particular concern for Romney, who has been battling former New
York mayor Rudolph  Giuliani over their immigration records for weeks.

Giuliani was particularly harsh during last week's YouTube-CNN debate, when he
berated Romney for having employed illegal immigrants. Romney said he never
knowingly hired illegal immigrants, but instead hired a company that was later
found to have been employing undocumented workers.

What Romney did not say was that he had given the company a second chance.

--  Michael D. Shear

CHRISTIAN VIEWS

Pastors for Huckabee

Former Arkansas governor Mike Huckabee appears to have consolidated Christian
conservative activists in Iowa who had not already signed on with former
Massachusetts governor Mitt Romney's campaign earlier this year, picking up the
endorsements of dozens of pastors from the Hawkeye State.

In a news conference at his Des Moines headquarters, Huckabee  accepted not only
the support of many major religious activists in the state, including Chuck
Hurley, who runs a conservative policy group in the state, but also the official
backing of evangelical author Tim LaHaye, another influential conservative
activist, and his wife Barbara. The LaHayes had been quietly backing Huckabee
for weeks, even helping organize a conference in Des Moines this week where the
former Arkansas governor was the only candidate who spoke.

"I urge all Christians . . . to go to your caucuses on January 3rd and vote for
Mike Huckabee," LaHaye declared.

LaHaye said Huckabee would help "restore our nation's commitment to biblical
values."

And Huckabee  is not shy about voicing his own values. At the endorsement event,
Huckabee was asked his views on intelligent design.

"I believe in the beginning God created the heavens and the Earth," he said to
loud applause from the pastors.

--  Perry Bacon Jr.

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

CORRECTION-DATE: December 8, 2007



CORRECTION: Â· A Dec. 5 Trail item gave an incorrect first name for Beverly
LaHaye, the wife of author Tim LaHaye.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2007 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             824 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                           October 9, 1997, Thursday

In anti-fraud move, firm returns $533 million to US

BYLINE: BY ALIAH D. WRIGHT

SECTION: INSURANCE; Pg. 7A

LENGTH: 330 words

DATELINE: CAMP HILL, Pa.


Highmark Pennsylvania Blue Shield has returned $533 million to the federal
government by ferreting out health-care providers who had filed fraudulent
Medicare claims.

Highmark officials said the money was recovered as a result of convictions and
settlements by doctors and others who were found guilty of fraud.

""This is reassuring news for American health-care consumers, because it
confirms that there is a system in place that successfully fights one of this
country's leading criminal activities,'' said John S. Brouse, president and
chief executive of Highmark.

""This is a half-billion dollars that otherwise would not go to the health- care
needs of our senior citizens. Rather, it would remain with the guilty parties
that attempt to cheat the system,'' he said.

Doctors and health-care providers commit an estimated $23 billion in Medicare
fraud annually by either billing for services never rendered or by
misrepresenting a patient's condition in order to bill insurance companies at
higher fees.

""Fraud does exist,'' said Dr. Victor Greco, president of the Pennsylvania
Medical Society. ""If there's any medical doctor who has done something
fraudulent, we, as a medical society, want that individual exposed.''

According to recent statistics from the Health Insurance Association of America,
78 percent of reported health-care fraud is committed by doctors, dentists,
physical therapists and other health-care providers, and 20 percent is committed
by consumers. The last 2 percent is unknown.

Highmark's Xact Medicare Services division recovered the bulk of the money by
forcing drug company SmithKline Beecham to pay $325 million this year to settle
charges that it had paid kickbacks to doctors and filed false claims for lab
tests. Highmark uncovered the fraud by using sophisticated computer systems to
survey hundreds of thousands of Medicare claims filed in New Jersey, Delaware,
Pennsylvania, Maryland and the District of Columbia.

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1997 Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                             825 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 20, 2015 Friday

Washington: Bay Area Woman Sentenced to Prison for Real Estate Loan Fraud Scheme

LENGTH: 340  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

Joyce Esther De Armero was sentenced yesterday to 12 months and one day in
prison, and ordered to pay restitution for mail fraud, announced United States
Attorney Melinda Haag and Federal Bureau of Investigation Special Agent in
Charge David J. Johnson.

De Armero, 37, of San Jose, pleaded guilty on December 4, 2014, to mail fraud.
According to the plea agreement, De Armero admitted that she devised a scheme to
defraud investors by convincing them to invest in high-interest real estate
loans between July 2008 and January 2010. She told the investors that she would
invest their money in real estate loans with guaranteed returns. De Armero never
made the investments and instead used the funds for her own personal expenses.
She also used some of the funds from later investments to pay what she claimed
were returns on earlier investments, and thereby perpetuated her fraud scheme.
Altogether, she obtained no less than $180,000 from her victims. On October 31,
2013, De Armero was indicted by a federal grand jury; she was charged with mail
fraud in connection with her real estate loan investment fraud scheme.

The sentence was handed down by the Honorable Charles R. Breyer, U.S. District
Judge, following a guilty plea on one count charging a violation of 18 U.S.C. §
1341. Judge Breyer also sentenced the defendant to a three year period of
supervised release. The defendant will begin serving the sentence on May 29,
2015.

Assistant United States Attorneys Robert Rees, Philip Kopczynski, and Acadia
Senese are prosecuting the case with the assistance of Beth Margen and Trina
Khadoo. The prosecution is the result of a referral from the United States
Trustee's Office of the Northern District of California and an investigation by
the San Mateo County District Attorney's Office and the Federal Bureau of
Investigation.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com


LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             826 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                          September 27, 2006 Wednesday

Sorting out the frauds and legit contenders

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. F4

LENGTH: 1200 words


A month into the college football season, 100 of the 119 Division I-A teams have
suffered at least one loss. That means there are some pretty good teams with
unblemished records, and a lot of frauds.

Here is a look at the legitimate powers and the frauds who are.

The frauds

Texas A&M: Once a proud program, the Aggies have turned to creative scheduling
to assure itself a bowl game. A&M has raced to a 4-0 record by beating up on The
Citadel, Louisiana-Lafayette, Army and Louisiana Tech.

The plan almost suffered a setback when Army came close to pulling off an upset
in San Antonio. What's going to happen when Dennis Franchione's team faces
Oklahoma, Texas and Nebraska in its final three games? Chance to go unbeaten:
Zero, zilch, nada.

Houston: The Cougars will be welcomed back to the real world on Saturday when
they play at Miami. They have built a 4-0 record by beating Rice, Tulane,
Grambling State and Oklahoma State. By the way, the Cowboys were 3-0 when they
faced Houston in the Fraud Bowl last Saturday. Oklahoma State's wins were over
Missouri State, Arkansas State and Florida Atlantic. Chance to go unbeaten: Same
as Pluto becoming a planet again.

Missouri: The Tigers have played a ridiculous collection of dregs. They've
beaten (Fred Mc)Murray State (Division I-AA), Ole' Miss (1-3), New Mexico (2-2)
and Ohio. They will be 5-0 on Saturday after hosting Colorado (0-4). Then the
rest of the Big 12 will bring them back to Earth. Chance to go unbeaten: Same as
Paris Hilton becoming a nun.

Wake Forest: Consider that a team that beat Duke by a point (14-13) is 4-0.
That's really all you need to know. After the Deacons post a 5-0 mark on
Saturday against Liberty, the bubble bursts when they face Clemson Oct. 7.
Chance to go unbeaten: More likely that Smokey and the Bandit IV will be made
this year.

Purdue: Squeaked past Minnesota after sucking the blood out of Indiana State,
Miami of Ohio and Ball State. It all ends on Saturday against Notre Dame. Chance
to go unbeaten: Same as hitting back-to-back Keno jackpots while eating dinner
in Reno.

Rutgers: Wins over North Carolina, Illinois, Ohio and Howard make us yawn. What
will they do on Nov. 9 against Louisville? Chance to go unbeaten: Less than Wile
E. Coyote eating the Roadrunner.

Iowa: Victories over Montana, Syracuse, Iowa State and Illinois don't tell us
much. Three of those four programs are legit, but the way it broke this season,
the Hawkeyes haven't faced much. Beating Ohio State on Saturday would convince
us. Chance to go unbeaten: Same as snow in San Francisco.

The contenders

Boise State: The Broncos crushed a decent Oregon State squad. Unfortunately,
they really don't have much left on the schedule, except for a Nov. 1 game in
which they host Fresno State. Chance to go unbeaten: Best of anyone in the
nation.

TCU: Not only did the Horned Frogs beat a pretty good Texas Tech squad, they
completely shut down their Star Wars offense 12-3. The rest of the schedule is
weak with only a Sept. 28 matchup against visiting BYU looming. Chance to go
unbeaten: On a par with George Clooney getting a date on a singles cruise.

Virginia Tech: Come on Hokies, take a chance. Facing Northeastern, North
Carolina, Duke and Cincinnati doesn't get our blood pumping. Hosting Georgia
Tech on Saturday will give us more information. Chance to go unbeaten: Same odds
as Mike Tyson coming out of retirement.

West Virginia: The Mountaineers don't face much in the Big East, and that's too
bad because they really are pretty good. They could have validated themselves by
not playing Marshall, Eastern Washington, Maryland and East Carolina, but it's
too late now. Everything comes down to their Nov. 2 game at Louisville. Chance
to go unbeaten: Coin flip.

Louisville: Beating up Miami showed the Cardinals are for real. They should go
clean through the West Virginia matchup. Chance to go unbeaten: Coin flip.

Ohio State: Hammered Texas. That's all you need to know. Hosts Michigan on Nov.
18 for all the marbles. Chance to go unbeaten: Coin flip.

Michigan: Hammered Notre Dame. That's all you need to know. At Ohio State on
Nov. 18. Chance to go unbeaten: Coin flip.

The rest: The other unbeatens are USC, Oregon, Florida, Georgia and Auburn. The
Trojans have the toughest road with games against Oregon, Cal and Notre Dame
late in the season, but they're all at home. Oregon plays Cal and USC on the
road. The SEC teams will beat each other up.

Contact Jay Heater at jheater@cctimes.com.

In the huddle Top team performances

1. CAL: Finally proved why it go so much attention in the offseason by ripping
Arizona State. 2. NOTRE DAME: Irish save BCS dreams with dramatic rally past
Michigan State. 3. WASHINGTON: After 29-19 win over UCLA, people starting to
realize that Huskies' Tyrone Willingham can coach.

Bottom team performances

1. NAVY: Overtime loss to bad Tulsa team isn't way to mess up 3-0 run. 2.
ALABAMA: Tide's awful offense exposed in 24-23 loss to Arkansas. 3. BOSTON
COLLEGE: Eagles' 3-0 bubble burst against a North Carolina State team that had
lost to Akron.

Shooting stars

1. BRADY QUINN, Notre Dame: Bounced back from horrible dud previous week to
throw five touchdown passes against Michigan State. 2. NATE LONGSHORE, Cal:
Pac-10's top-rated passer threw four touchdown passes against a
supposedly-strong ASU squad. 3. JOHN DUNLAP, North Carolina State: His 34-yard
touchdown catch with eight seconds remaining allowed his team to upset Boston
College 17-15.

Power outage

1. RUDY CARPENTER, Arizona State: Those come back Sam Keller signs are showing
up after Carpenter threw four interceptions and fumbled three times against Cal.
2. DREW STANTON, Michigan State: "I made some stupid mistakes," Stanton said
after throwing two late interceptions against Notre Dame. Yup. 3. ANTHONY
MORELLI, Penn State: Those two fourth quarter touchdown passes would have been
big, if they weren't to the other team.

Games of the week

1. OHIO STATE AT IOWA: All 'Eyes are upon this game due to a weak college
schedule this weekend. 2. GEORGIA TECH AT VIRGINIA TECH: Hokies could wreck
Yellow Jackets season and keep their national title hopes alive. 3. PURDUE AT
NOTRE DAME: Boilermakers about to be exposed in South Bend.

Games of the weak

1. SAM HOUSTON STATE AT TEXAS: Running of the bulls, Texas style. 2. IDAHO AT
UTAH STATE: Loser must disband program. 3. MISSISSIPPI STATE AT LSU: For those
who love feeding time at the zoo.

Ranking the best

1. OHIO STATE: Late spurt sent Buckeyes past Joe Pa State, 28-6. 2. AUBURN:
Fattened up on Buffalo meat, 38-7. 3. WEST VIRGINIA: Kicked East Carolina
Pirates booty, 27-10. 4. USC: Used bye week to dust and polish Heisman Trophies.
5. MICHIGAN: Continued roll by handling Wisconsin, 27-13

Hitting the skids

1. TEMPLE: A 41-7 loss to Western Michigan offers proof that this could be worst
team in history of universe. 2. RICE: Winless Owls outscored 107-14 in last two
losses to Texas and Florida State. 3. COLORADO: Buffs almost got off skid row
until late touchdown let Georgia survive, 14-13. 4. MISSISSIPPI: After losing
stroll through Wake Forest, you could hear Rebels yell. 5. STANFORD: Old
MacDonald wouldn't have been caught dead on this Farm after 36-10 loss to
Washington State.-- Jay Heater

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             827 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                WMI Company News

                              May 21, 2013 Tuesday

Verafin, Fundtech partner to enhance online fraud detection analytics

LENGTH: 343 words


Today, Verafin announced a partnership with Fundtech, a market leader in global
transaction banking solutions, to integrate Fundtech's PAYplus payment
platforms: PAYplus Connect & PAYplus USA with Verafin's enterprise FRAML
solution. This integration of the leading funds transfer solution in the US and
North America's most advanced behavior-based fraud detection and Anti-Money
Laundering (AML) analytics gives financial institutions the power to prevent
wire fraud in real time.

"When we started to look for fraud detection software, we wanted an innovative
solution that helped us proactively protect our subsidiary banks from even the
latest criminal advances. We did not want a point solution that gave us only one
piece of the fraud puzzle. We needed technology with the flexibility to
integrate with our existing systems; a solution that gave us breadth of
functionality and a better view of customer activity across our enterprise,"
says Kenneth Kane, Senior Vice President, Business Banking Operations at
Heartland Financial USA, Inc., a $4.9 billion multibank holding company
headquartered in Dubuque, Iowa.

"The Fundtech partnership with Verafin is exciting for us to see. It makes
Verafin an even stronger answer to cyber-criminal attacks. This is very
important for us and is increasingly so as examiners and auditors at our banks
progressively look to the FFIEC's supplementary guidance on Internet Banking,"
continued Kane.

Within Verafin's industry-leading FRAML solution, users gain the ability to
streamline their wire fraud alert review process:

Wires are analyzed, as they originate, for anomalous customer behavior.
High-risk wires generate risk-rated, evidence-supported alerts.
 Alerts are presented in a clear visual workflow. High-risk wires are held as
the fraud investigator reviews the alert.
 The fraud investigator can use the wealth of customer data within Verafin to
review the alert. If a problem with the activity is discovered, they have the
power to reject the wire, preventing fraud loss and protecting the customer's
account.

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2013 World Market Intelligence Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             828 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                April 8, 2000, Saturday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

LAW & ORDER

SECTION: NEWS, Pg. 1

LENGTH: 511 words



ST. LOUIS

Dentist accused of fraud is released on bail

Kenneth Powell left jail Friday, free on $ 150,000 bail pending trial on federal
charges that he took part in a $ 12 million fraud in which dozens of investors
poured money into what they believed was a property development in Kinloch.

Powell, a dentist, was released after his father-in-law, Dr. Jerome Williams,
posted bond of $ 150,000. Williams and his wife, Carol, secured the bond with
his clinic building, at 3409 Union Boulevard, and the co uple's condominium in
the Central West End.

Held Friday in lieu of $ 200,000 bail was a co-defendant, Ronald Roberts, 40, of
Florissant. A federal indictment accuses Powell, 52, of St. Louis County, and
Roberts of conspiracy, mail fraud, wire fraud and m oney laundering.

Investors were told, falsely, that Roberts and Powell controlled a lot of
Kinloch property that was to be sold to a developer, the indictment alleges.
Another defendant, Mark E. Williams, 35, of Florissant, was released earlier on
$ 50,000 bail.

EAST ST. LOUIS

Killing outside nightclub draws 30-year sentence

Aaron D. Lewis was sentenced Friday in circuit court in Belleville to 30 years
in prison for the fatal shooting of Narvelle Stanley, 21, outside an East St.
Louis nightclub on Nov. 21, 1998. Both were from East St. Louis.

A jury convicted Lewis, 25, on March 3 of first-degree murder.

Defense attorney Paul M. Storment Jr. said the case would be appealed. It was
based on testimony by a single witness, he said, adding, "I sincerely believe
this man is innocent."

Assistant St. Clair County State's Attorney Beth Geppert said testimony by the
eyewitness was amply corroborated by other evidence.

BERKELEY

Berkeley man gets 5 years in fatal collision

Terrill D. Morton, 20, of Berkeley, was sentenced Friday in St. Louis County
Circuit Court to five years in prison after pleading guilty of involuntary
manslaughter and leaving the scene of a fatal accident on Sept. 30.

Morton's Cadillac struck a motorcycle ridden by John C. Lewis, 43, of Ferguson,
and dragged the cycle 300 yards. Morton then drove off, police said. The
accident took place on Airport Road near Eaton Drive in Berkeley.

Prosecutor Clarence Smallwood said Morton was on probation at the time for an
auto theft conviction.

SPRINGFIELD, Ill.

Bomb in can explodes; police disarm another

Police were investigating whether there was a connection between two small bombs
found Friday in separate locations about two miles from the Illinois Capitol.

The first exploded shortly before 8 a.m., causing no property damage;
authorities disarmed the other an hour later on an apartment porch about a mile
away. The only injury was to a man who skinned his knuckles when he tripped
trying to flee the small blast, police said.

There was no indication of who did it or why.

Tim Ahern of the federal Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms said the bomb
that exploded was inside a coffee can. He said the other involved a paint can.

LOAD-DATE: April 8, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

TYPE: Law & Order Column

                  Copyright 2000 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             829 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     March 4, 2004, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

What puts the CFO in the middle of scandals?

BYLINE: Elliot Blair Smith

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 518 words

Why is the chief financial officer at the scene of every major crime?

Investigations of Adelphia, Enron, HealthSouth, Tyco and WorldCom centered on
high-profile CFOs who now are on trial or have pleaded guilty to accounting and
securities fraud charges, including mea culpas from five CFOs at HealthSouth
alone.

Corporate charlatans intent on taking shortcuts to wealth and power used to
operate in isolation.

But financial fraud has grown more sophisticated as the target shifted from
unwitting individual investors to complex investment banking and tax-dodge
strategies, financial professionals say.


"The CEO realizes he can't promote an extensive fraud without the concurrence of
the CFO," says Jonathan Schiff, an accounting professor at Fairleigh Dickinson
University and company consultant.

Beyond greed, three trends have converged to put the CFO at the center of the
biggest scandals:

 * Wall Street pressure to produce ever-higher earnings. Of 401 CFOs recently
surveyed, 78% said they would sacrifice "economic value" to achieve "smooth
earnings," according to a study by Duke University's John Graham. "One CFO
characterizes such decisions to meet earnings targets as the 'screw-driver
effect,' " Graham says. "You turn the screw just a little bit so that it fits."

 * MBAs are displacing CPAs on the career track to becoming chief financial
officer. A study by Deloitte Consulting last year showed that chief executives
prefer CFOs to have advanced management degrees rather than accounting licenses.


"Many, many CFOs just don't know accounting," says Roman Weil, an accounting
professor at the University of Chicago's Graduate School of Business. "Financial
engineering is not accounting."

Former Adelphia CFO Timothy Rigas, on trial with his father and one brother for
conspiracy, bank fraud and securities fraud, has an undergraduate business
rather than an accounting degree. Enron's Andrew Fastow, who pleaded guilty in
January to wire fraud and securities fraud, is an MBA, not a CPA. Alternatively,
former Tyco CFO Mark Swartz, on trial on charges of falsifying business records
and grand larceny, is a CPA. Former WorldCom CFO Scott Sullivan, who pleaded
guilty Tuesday to charges of accounting and securities fraud, also is a CPA.

 * Holding companies with far-flung offices and tightly controlled information
can be fraud incubators. The New York attorney general's complaint against
Swartz and former Tyco CEO Dennis Kozlowski, says they "exploited" Tyco's
distended structure "to gain control of the flow of information."

An internal investigation at WorldCom says that "the geographic isolation of
various business units" at that company allowed former CFO Sullivan and his
boss, former CEO Bernie Ebbers, to control information, contributing to an $ 11
billion accounting fraud there. Ebbers denies guilt and will stand trial.

Congress stiffened cash penalties and prison time for white-collar criminals.
"From the standpoint of internal controls, it was long overdue," says Schiff.
"But it won't fix the core problem of integrity."

LOAD-DATE: March 04, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS, Color, AP (2); PHOTO, Color, Reuters; PHOTO, Color, Getty
Images; Swartz: Former CFO at Tyco. Rigas: Former CFO at Adelphia. Fastow:
Former CFO at Enron. Sullivan: Former CFO at WorldCom.

                      Copyright 2004 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             830 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            September 7, 2015 Monday

Washington: Nine Sentenced in Multi-Million-Dollar Mortgage Fraud Scheme

LENGTH: 1641 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Federal Bureau of Investigation has issued the following news
release:



 Nine individuals have been sentenced on federal charges stemming from a
mortgage fraud scheme involving 45 properties and $16 million in mortgage loans
used for the purchase of residential real estate in the District of Columbia and
Maryland.





 The sentences were announced today by Acting U.S. Attorney Vincent H. Cohen,
Jr.; Olga Acevedo, Special Agent in Charge of the Mid-Atlantic Region, Office of
the Inspector General, Federal Housing Finance Agency; Cary Rubenstein, Special
Agent in Charge of the Mid-Atlantic Region of the Office of the Inspector
General of the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD-OIG); and
Andrew G. McCabe, Assistant Director in Charge of the FBI's Washington Field
Office.



 The sentences, the most recent of which took place today, occurred before the
Honorable Reggie B. Walton of the U.S. District Court for the District of
Columbia. Defendants include:



     Edward Dacy, 77, of West Melbourne, Fla. He was sentenced on Aug. 6, 2015
to six years in prison. Dacy was found guilty by a jury of 10 counts of
conspiracy, bank fraud, and mail fraud. Upon completion of his prison term, Dacy
will be placed on three years of supervised release. In addition, Judge Walton
ordered that he pay $2,730,345 in restitution and an identical amount as a
forfeiture money judgment.

     Frank Davis, Jr., 49, of Washington, D.C. He was sentenced on Aug. 7, 2015
to five years in prison for conspiracy to commit bank fraud. Upon completion of
his prison term, Davis will be placed on three years of supervised release.
Judge Walton also ordered that Davis pay $2,730,345 in restitution and an amount
of $2,296,463 as a forfeiture money judgment;

     Frederick Robinson, Sr., 52, of Montgomery, Ala. He was sentenced on July
31, 2015 to 27 months in prison for conspiracy to commit bank fraud. Upon
completion of his prison term, Robinson will be placed on three years of
supervised release. Robinson also was ordered to pay $925,311 in restitution and
an amount of $971,900 as a forfeiture money judgment.

     Lonnie Johnson, 47, of Greensboro, N.C. He was sentenced on July 15, 2015
to one year and one day in prison for conspiracy to commit bank fraud. Upon
completion of his prison term, Johnson will be placed on three years of
supervised release. In addition, Judge Walton ordered that he pay $277,000 in
restitution.

     Cheryl E. Morrison, 54, of West Melbourne, Fla. She was sentenced on Aug.
5, 2015 to five years of probation for conspiracy to commit mail fraud; she was
required to serve 90 days of that time in home detention. She also must pay
$42,600 in restitution;

     Howard Tutman, III, 54, of Woodstock, Md. He was sentenced on Aug. 4, 2015
to five years of probation for conspiracy to commit bank fraud; he was required
to serve 20 weekends in jail. In addition, Judge Walton ordered Tutman to pay
$484,370 in restitution and $606,414 in forfeiture;

     Pauline Pilate, 50, of Washington, D.C. She was sentenced on July 16, 2015
to three years of probation for conspiracy to commit bank fraud; she was
required to serve eight weekends in jail. In addition, Judge Walton ordered that
she pay $1 million in restitution and an identical amount as a forfeiture money
judgment;

     A. Conrad Austin, 49, of Bowie, Md. He was sentenced on May 15, 2015 to
five years of probation for conspiracy to commit bank fraud, mail fraud, and
wire fraud; he was required to serve four weekends in jail. In addition, Judge
Walton ordered that he pay $5,001 in restitution and an identical amount as a
forfeiture money judgment.

     Anthony Young, 47, of Clinton, Md. He was sentenced today to five years of
probation for conspiracy to commit bank fraud; he is required to serve eight
weekends in jail. In addition, Judge Walton ordered that he pay $300,600 in
restitution.



 Today's sentencing concludes a three-year investigation relating to this
mortgage fraud scheme involving the defrauding of banks, mortgage lenders, and
the Federal Housing Administration, part of U.S. Department of Housing and Urban
Development, of money by obtaining mortgage loans on residential real estate
properties through false loan applications and documents and fraudulent
settlements. These actions ultimately caused a loss to the banks, lenders, and
FHA when mortgages were not paid. Some of the fraudulently-obtained mortgage
loans were later resold in the secondary mortgage market to Freddie Mac and
Fannie Mae.



 &ldquo;In this case, a group of greedy individuals teamed up with a real estate
agent, a certified public accountant, employees of a settlement company, and
others to carry out a far-reaching scheme that caused millions of dollars in
losses to banks and other lending institutions,&rdquo; said Acting U.S. Attorney
Cohen. &ldquo;These defendants took money that could have been used to help
honest, hard-working people attain the dream of home ownership. They used straw
buyers and falsified documents to carry out their long-running fraud. The
prosecution in this case demonstrates our resolve to aggressively deal with
those who engage in mortgage fraud at the expense of the entire
community.&rdquo;



 &ldquo;This was a multi-tiered scheme with multiple individuals playing a role,
and every single one of them underestimated the ability and commitment of law
enforcement to protect innocent victims and ultimately the taxpayers from
mortgage fraud schemes,&rdquo; said Special Agent in Charge Acevedo. &ldquo;We
are proud to be a part of the multi-agency effort to hold accountable those who
engage in mortgage and bank fraud. FHFA-OIG will continue to carry out this work
until all are held accountable.&rdquo;



 &ldquo;This sentencing was the result of outstanding investigative work
conducted by the HUD OIG, and our law enforcement partners,&rdquo; said Special
Agent in Charge Rubenstein. &ldquo;This collaborative effort sends a clear
message that we will commit the necessary resources to make sure that the
fraudsters are brought to justice and are prosecuted to the full extent of the
law.&rdquo;



 &ldquo;Even though this $16 million mortgage fraud conspiracy targeted lenders,
banks, and the Federal Housing Administration, the result of these criminal
actions hurts our entire community,&rdquo; said Assistant Director in Charge
McCabe. &ldquo;The FBI will continue to work with our law enforcement partners
to ensure that these criminal schemes do not go unpunished.&rdquo;



 Davis and Robinson purchased properties in the names of general partnerships;
Davis and Robinson then recruited individuals, or straw buyers, to re-purchase
these same properties for higher amounts, funded by fraudulently obtained
mortgage loans, by promising the buyers that they would not be required to: make
financial contributions toward the purchase of the properties; pay the monthly
mortgage payments or expenses; or maintain the properties. These mortgage loans
were obtained by fraudulent statements and documents, including false loan
applications and real estate contracts, phony cashier's checks and verifications
from banks, fabricated tax returns, and letters from a Certified Public
Accountant.



 Davis recruited Young, who assisted with recruiting other straw buyers; Pilate,
who obtained her real estate license in order to create real estate sales
contracts for the straw buyers, and Johnson, a bank employee who assisted in
creating false verifications of deposits. In order to obtain mortgage loans in
the names of some of the straw buyers, Robinson recruited Austin, a Certified
Public Accountant (CPA), to create false CPA letters, inflated tax returns, and
unjustified financial statements. Tutman was the loan officer on 14 loans or
loan attempts, and knew that the borrowers were merely straw buyers for Davis
and Robinson and the loan applications contained inflated salaries.



 Morrison worked at the settlement company with Dacy, her husband. The
settlement company received the funding from the mortgage lender and should have
collected the buyers' cash contributions; it was under the obligation to
disburse the loan money only if all of the mortgage lender's conditions were met
and the buyer's financial contributions collected. Morrison and Dacy handled the
straw buyers' settlement of the properties, with knowledge that the straw buyers
did not pay the cash contribution as required by the lenders.



 In announcing the sentences, Acting U.S. Attorney Cohen, Special Agent in
Charge Acevedo, Special Agent in Charge Rubenstein, and Assistant Director in
Charge McCabe expressed appreciation for the work performed by the Special
Agents and analysts from the Offices of Inspector General of the Federal Housing
Finance Agency and Department of Housing and Urban Development and the FBI, who
investigated the case. They also expressed appreciation for the work of the U.S.
Secret Service and the Offices of Inspector General of the Central Intelligence
Agency, the Department of Justice, and Department of Homeland Security, which
assisted in the investigation. They acknowledged the efforts of those working on
the case from the U.S. Attorney's Office for the District of Columbia, including
Paralegal Specialists Ida Anbarian, Donna Galindo, Corinne Kleinman, Kristy
Penny, Tasha Harris, and Heather Sales, former Paralegal Specialist Sarah Reis,
and Assistant U.S. Attorneys Anthony Saler, Thomas Swanton, and Arvind K. Lal,
who assisted with forfeiture issues. Finally, they commended the work of
Assistant U.S. Attorneys Virginia Cheatham and David A. Last, who tried the case
against Edward Dacy and handled the plea negotiations with Conrad Austin, and
Virginia Cheatham who prosecuted the case.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             831 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                            March 24, 2016 Thursday

Two plead guilty to defrauding banks of $2.5 million through fraudulent short
sales of gas stations in Youngstown area

LENGTH: 419  words


A man from Warren, Ohio, and an Indiana man pleaded guilty to defrauding banks
out of approximately $2.5 million through fraudulent short sales of gas stations
in the Youngstown area and by other means, law enforcement officials said.

Shaukat Sindhu, 56, of Warren, and Tahir Iqbal, 48, of Crown Point, Indiana, are
scheduled to be sentenced June 21.

Iqbal pleaded guilty to two counts of conspiracy to commit bank fraud and three
counts of bank fraud.  Sindhu pleaded guilty to two counts of conspiracy to
commit bank fraud, one count of corrupt interference with the administration of
the Internal Revenue Service, and one count of marriage fraud.

These defendants took advantage of a program designed to help troubled property
owners and instead gamed it to enrich themselves, Acting U.S. Attorney Carole
Rendon said. They will deservedly be trading their mansion for a prison cell.

"These two defendants have accepted responsibility for structuring real estate
transactions that defrauded banks out of millions of dollars and lined their
personal pockets," said Stephen D. Anthony, Special Agent in Charge of the FBI's
Cleveland Office. "The FBI will continue to hold fraudsters like these
accountable for their criminal actions."

Attempting to skirt your income tax obligations by using multiple Social
Security numbers, dealing in cash, and concealing income and assets in the names
of nominees is a recipe for criminal prosecution, said Kathy A. Enstrom, Special
Agent in Charge, IRS Criminal Investigation, Cincinnati Field Office.

Sindhu owned several gas stations and other commercial property, but at times
failed to make mortgage payments on these properties. Sindhu, Iqbal and others
defrauded First Midwest and Consumers National banks by making false and
misleading omission and representations about ownership of the properties
between 2008 and 2014. Iqbal acted as a straw buyer for Sindhu in a short sale,
enriching Sindhu by reducing or eliminating the principle owned on the
properties, according to court documents.

Iqbal also served as a straw buyer for Sindhu for a 16,800-square foot,
nine-bedroom, 13-bathroom home in Oak Brook, Illinois. That home will be
forfeited as part of the plea agreement.

This case is being prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorneys Chelsea Rice, Adam
Hollingsworth and James Morford following an investigation by the Federal Bureau
of Investigation, Internal Revenue Service  Criminal Investigations and U.S.
Immigrations and Customs Enforcement. 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             832 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 23, 2016 Wednesday

Washington: Two plead guilty to defrauding banks of $2.5 million through
fraudulent short sales of gas stations in Youngstown area

LENGTH: 453 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Federal Bureau of Investigation has issued the following news
release:



 A man from Warren, Ohio, and an Indiana man pleaded guilty to defrauding banks
out of approximately $2.5 million through fraudulent short sales of gas stations
in the Youngstown area and by other means, law enforcement officials said.





 Shaukat Sindhu, 56, of Warren, and Tahir Iqbal, 48, of Crown Point, Indiana,
are scheduled to be sentenced June 21.



 Iqbal pleaded guilty to two counts of conspiracy to commit bank fraud and three
counts of bank fraud.  Sindhu pleaded guilty to two counts of conspiracy to
commit bank fraud, one count of corrupt interference with the administration of
the Internal Revenue Service, and one count of marriage fraud.



 "These defendants took advantage of a program designed to help troubled
property owners and instead gamed it to enrich themselves," Acting U.S. Attorney
Carole Rendon said. "They will deservedly be trading their mansion for a prison
cell."



 "These two defendants have accepted responsibility for structuring real estate
transactions that defrauded banks out of millions of dollars and lined their
personal pockets," said Stephen D. Anthony, Special Agent in Charge of the FBI's
Cleveland Office. "The FBI will continue to hold fraudsters like these
accountable for their criminal actions."



 "Attempting to skirt your income tax obligations by using multiple Social
Security numbers, dealing in cash, and concealing income and assets in the names
of nominees is a recipe for criminal prosecution," said Kathy A. Enstrom,
Special Agent in Charge, IRS Criminal Investigation, Cincinnati Field Office.



 Sindhu owned several gas stations and other commercial property, but at times
failed to make mortgage payments on these properties. Sindhu, Iqbal and others
defrauded First Midwest and Consumers National banks by making false and
misleading omission and representations about ownership of the properties
between 2008 and 2014. Iqbal acted as a straw buyer for Sindhu in a short sale,
enriching Sindhu by reducing or eliminating the principle owned on the
properties, according to court documents.



 Iqbal also served as a straw buyer for Sindhu for a 16,800-square foot,
nine-bedroom, 13-bathroom home in Oak Brook, Illinois. That home will be
forfeited as part of the plea agreement.



 This case is being prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorneys Chelsea Rice, Adam
Hollingsworth and James Morford following an investigation by the Federal Bureau
of Investigation, Internal Revenue Service - Criminal Investigations and U.S.
Immigrations and Customs Enforcement.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             833 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                          September 2, 2009 Wednesday

BUSINESS AT A GLANCE;

BYLINE:

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. A8

LENGTH: 404 words


AGRIPROCESSORS TRIAL MOVED TO SIOUX FALLS

IOWA CITY, Iowa - A federal judge on Tuesday moved the trial of four former
managers of a kosher slaughterhouse that was the site of a massive immigration
raid from Cedar Rapids, Iowa, to Sioux Falls, S.D.

U.S. District Judge Linda Reade wrote in the order that negative pretrial
publicity about Agriprocessors Inc., and former top manager Sholom Rubashkin
caused potential jurors to develop a bias against them.

The trial is set for Oct. 13.

Rubashkin and three co-defendants have pleaded not guilty to immigration, bank
fraud, wire fraud and mail fraud charges.

The charges followed a huge immigration raid at Agriprocessors' plant in
Postville, Iowa, in 2008. Nearly 400 workers were arrested.

The company also operated a plant near Gordon, Neb., that wasn't involved in the
allegations and is now closed.

NEBRASKA'S AUTO LOAN DELINQUENCY DROPS

Nebraska was among 10 states where the auto loan delinquency rate dropped in the
second quarter, according to data from TransUnion.

Nebraska's rate was 0.49 percent in the second quarter and its average auto debt
was the lowest in the nation, at $10,712.

The national rate of auto loans that were 60 days past due was a relatively low
0.73 percent, up from 0.68 percent a year ago, but down from the first quarter's
0.83 percent.

TransUnion expects the rate to reach 0.90 percent by the end of the year, due in
part to the weak labor market.

The lowest delinquency rates were in Alaska, at 0.33 percent, North Dakota, at
0.37 percent and Wyoming, 0.39 percent.

Average auto debt nationally decreased slightly to $12,560 in the second
quarter, from $12,869 a year ago.

STILL NO MORE BOVINE TB FOUND IN NEBRASKA

After nearly 12,000 tests, Nebraska agriculture officials still haven't found
any additional cases of bovine tuberculosis.

The latest results show a total of 10,500 cattle in north-central and eastern
Nebraska have tested negative for the disease since two cases were discovered
this spring in a Rock County herd.

Officials are waiting for results of the 1,300 tests done last week, and roughly
5,000 more cattle must be tested to determine whether the disease is prevalent
in Nebraska.

As of Sunday, 22 herds in 12 counties remained quarantined.

The disease typically spreads from one animal to another through the inhalation
of bacteria. Experts say there is little risk of the disease being transmitted
to humans.

- From staff and wire reports

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 Lincoln Journal Star
                              All Rights Reserved


                             834 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                           February 8, 2007 Thursday
                                CENTRAL EDITION

BUSINESS BRIEFLY

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B7

LENGTH: 601 words


>Top consumer complaint of 2006 was I.D. theft

WASHINGTON (AP) -- Consumers reported over 670,000 cases of fraud and identity
theft in 2006 that cost them $1.2 billion in losses, the Federal Trade
Commission said in its annual report Wednesday.

For the seventh straight year, I.D. theft was the most common complaint, the FTC
said, accounting for 36 percent, or 246,035, of the complaints.

Credit card fraud was the most common form of identity theft, the FTC said,
making up 25 percent of the complaints, followed by phone or utilities fraud and
bank fraud.

The amount lost in consumer frauds has increased steeply in recent years,
jumping from $569 million in 2004 to $1.2 billion in 2006, the agency said.

The average loss reported was $3,257, the report said. And 184 consumers
reported losing $1 million or more in 2006, the agency said.

-----

>Adelphia seeks bonuses

NEW YORK (Bloomberg) -- Adelphia Communications Corp. Wednesday asked a judge to
let it pay $5.2 million in bonuses to keep key employees after an appeal of the
company's turnaround plan stalled its exit from bankruptcy.

Adelphia, once the nation's fifth-largest cable-television provider, said the
appeal by noteholders who are seeking a larger payout will force the company to
retain many of its 146 remaining employees longer than expected. Most were to
leave the Greenwood Village, Colo.-based company on Feb. 28.

The bonus plan would provide incentives to 66 Adelphia workers to stay with the
company through May, and in some cases July, to complete work tied to the exit
plan and an audit for 2006, Adelphia said in the filing.

A hearing is scheduled for Feb. 13.

-----

>Two states vie for steel plant

MOBILE, Ala. (AP) -- German steelmaker ThyssenKrupp AG said Wednesday it has
narrowed its search to Alabama and Louisiana for construction of a $2.9 billion
steel and stainless steel manufacturing site in the U.S.

The company took Arkansas out of the running as it turned to sites near the Gulf
of Mexico that offer river access to industry. The announcement could intensify
each state's multimillion-dollar bid to land the plant, which will employ 2,700
workers when completed in 2010 and create as many as 29,000 jobs during
construction.

-----

>Air America is sold

NEW YORK (AP) -- A New York realtor is paying $4.25 million to acquire Air
America Radio, the liberal news and talk radio network, according to bankruptcy
court documents.

Stephen Green, the founder and chairman of SL Green Realty Corp., has reached a
tentative agreement to buy the struggling radio network, which has consistently
lost money since going on the air in 2004.

The network filed for bankruptcy protection last fall after reaching an impasse
with one of its creditors.

The company said in the filing Green's was the highest offer and $1.25 million
more than any other offer.

-----

>In other business news

* Harley-Davidson Inc. and the union for striking workers at its big York, Pa.,
factory ended two days of talks Wednesday without resolving their dispute and
haven't scheduled any more negotiations, a union spokesman said.

* Canadian telecom equipment maker Nortel Networks Corp. said Wednesday it plans
to cut 2,900 jobs, or about 8.5 percent of its work force, over the next two
years in an effort to cut costs. The job cuts, 70 percent of which will occur
this year, and other cost cutting measures are expected to save about $400
million a year.

* Nike Inc. managers said they will add 100 new company stores worldwide over
the next three years as part of a plan for the world's largest athletic shoe and
clothing manufacturer to reach $23 billion in sales by 2011.

LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Briefs

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2007 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             835 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    December 20, 2002, Friday, FINAL EDITION

U.S. Technologies' Earls charged with fraud

BYLINE: Kevin McCoy

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 10B

LENGTH: 384 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK

NEW YORK -- U.S. Technologies CEO C. Gregory Earls was hit with federal
securities, mail and wire fraud charges Thursday for his alleged role in the
financial scandal that forced former FBI and CIA director William Webster to
resign from a federal oversight board.

A 10-count complaint accused Earls of misappropriating at least $ 13.8 million
of the more than $ 20 million he raised from a string of wealthy investors since
1998.

According to the complaint, the 57-year-old financier told the investors he
would use their money to buy preferred stock and warrants in his
Washington-based investment firm. Instead, the complaint charges, he diverted
the funds to personal accounts, "an educational trust for his children,
investors from other failed ventures and his ex-wife."


Earls was ordered released on $ 500,000 bond after an appearance in Manhattan
federal court. His lawyer, Thomas Green, called the charges "overblown and
substantially embellished." In a USA TODAY interview last month, Earls said a
string of civil fraud lawsuits filed against him since the '70s lacked merit and
had been settled with no finding of wrongdoing.

Webster became tangled in the Earls investigation because he is a former U.S.
Technologies board member and headed the firm's audit committee in 2001 when the
company fired its outside auditors. Revelation of that history prompted
Webster's resignation last month from a new accounting industry oversight board
that Congress created to restore investor confidence.

Webster did not respond to a message left at his Washington office.

The complaint says Earls "targeted potential victims" by organizing and
frequenting fundraisers for charitable and civic groups that attracted wealthy
investors and prominent people.

At least three investors gave federal prosecutors evidence against Earls, the
complaint shows. Lucy Payne, Earls' former bookkeeper, showed how funds moved
through a maze of accounts, according to the complaint and people familiar with
the case.

Representatives of two of the investors whose losses were outlined in the
complaint declined to comment. Actor Cliff Robertson, who said Earls owes him $
40,000 for The Pilot, a 1979 movie the financier produced, said, "He's getting
what he deserves."

LOAD-DATE: December 20, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2002 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             836 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                   October 22, 2005 Saturday Michigan Edition

Disaster fraud hurts everybody

SECTION: NATION; Pg. A6; OUR OPINION

LENGTH: 406 words


These days, it can be hard to tell the good guys from the bad. Some of the worst
have been the purveyors of fraud in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina.

It seems to us that there are three general types of post-disaster fraud. First,
there is the type of fraud that involves directly taking advantage of homeless,
desperate people. It includes identity theft of hurricane victims. In a
nutshell, the thieves use stolen identities to claim someone else's hurricane
relief.

Price gouging is a variation on direct victimization. So is taking money to do
cleanup or rebuilding and then absconding with it.

A second type of fraud involves deceiving the government by claiming disaster
assistance that isn't owed. Every one of us pays for that sort of deception --
as does every legitimate victim who is made to wade deeper into an overburdened
bureaucracy in order to qualify for truly needed help.

A third fraud category is the most complicated. It involves callously taking
advantage of the goodness of others. We have seen it in our own community.

Many Gulf Coast residents who are in need have come to Michiana. Here, they have
found kind and giving people who've offered many forms of help.

In at least one case, that help was not deserved. According to reports, a South
Bend couple masqueraded as Katrina victims from New Orleans in order to solicit
money from generous Marshall County residents. They received hundreds of dollars
and the wife of a LaPaz pastor even washed their dirty laundry for them.

Does that make you angry? Surely it does. Does it make you not want to trust
others who seek assistance? We hope not.

Taking advantage of good-hearted people can have a chilling effect on charitable
inclinations. When that happens, not only do donors become victims but so do
deserving charities and individuals who depend upon the beneficence of others.

What we all need to remember is that the con artists are a small percentage of
the people in need after Katrina. Their existence should cause us to be careful,
not to be stingy. Without the kindness of strangers and the generous gifts of
millions, the enormously difficult recovery from Hurricane Katrina would be much
harder.

It takes a lot of gall to look people in the eye and tell outrageous lies -- and
then to take their money. Such thieves should be punished. But it would only
make their crimes worse if, in the long run, the innocent were punished, too.


LOAD-DATE: November 9, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                 Copyright 2005 South Bend Tribune Corporation


                             837 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                             June 20, 2009 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Financier charged with directing $7b fraud; Allen Stanford, accomplices accused
of defrauding investors looking for safe, low-risk investments

BYLINE: Bill McQuillen, Bloomberg

SECTION: BUSINESSBC; Pg. D7

LENGTH: 385  words


Financier R. Allen Stanford was indicted with five others, including a former
Antiguan regulator, on charges they directed a $7-billion fraud that U.S.
prosecutors said put the "integrity of the markets" at risk.

Also charged Friday in a 21-count indictment was Gilbert Lopez, the chief
accounting officer at Stanford Group, and Laura Pendergest-Holt, Stanford's
chief investment officer, who was previously charged with obstruction.

Stanford, 59, faces charges of conspiracy to commit securities, mail and wire
fraud. He appeared before a federal magistrate in Richmond, Va., on Friday and
was ordered held in custody until a detention hearing.

"Stanford's investors were simply looking for safe investments and low risk,"
said Robert Khuzami, director of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission's
Division of Enforcement, at a news conference in Washington. "With Stanford they
thought they had found such an opportunity. But what they actually found was a
complicated array of phony financial statements, fabricated performance and sham
audits."

The alleged scam used Stanford's bank in Antigua and alleged bribes to officials
there to defraud at least 30,000 investors through the sale of certificates of
deposit, the Justice Department said.

The main indictment, filed in Houston federal court, names Stanford,
Pendergest-Holt, 35, and Lopez, 66. Mark Kuhrt, 37, Stanford's former global
controller, and Leroy King, 63, were also charged. King is the former
administrator and chief executive officer of Antigua's financial services
regulatory commission.

A woman who answered the telephone at Antigua's Financial Services Regulatory
Commission declined to comment.

A second indictment, filed in federal court in Miami, names Bruce Perraud, 42,
who was employed as a "global security specialist" for Stanford in Fort
Lauderdale, Fla. A criminal information, filed in Houston, named James Davis,
60, the company's chief financial officer.

Lopez and Kuhrt appeared Friday in Houston federal court and were each released
on $100,000 bond. They are to be arraigned June 25.

Stanford "misused and misappropriated" assets, including diverting at least $1.6
billion into undisclosed personal loans to himself, said Assistant U.S. Attorney
General Lanny Breuer. The scam put the "integrity of the markets" at risk, he
said.

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Colour Photo: Art Lien, Reuters; Texas billionaire Allen Stanford appears before
a U.S. federal court magistrate Friday in this courtroom sketch. Stanford faces
fraud and obstruction charges. ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business; Crime

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2009 The Vancouver Sun, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             838 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                          November 21, 1991, Thursday

17 convicted in insurance fraud case

BYLINE: By Jingle Davis STAFF WRITERinsurance; courts; crime; investigations;
facilities

SECTION: STATE NEWS; SECTION D; PAGE 04

LENGTH: 392 words


Brunswick, Ga. - A former Waycross chiropractor, his wife and 15 former patients
were convicted Wednesday in U.S. District Court of defrauding insurance
companies of millions of dollars through false billings.

John W. Dixon and his wife, Lela, and the patients were convicted of multiple
counts of mail fraud in a scheme that involved hundreds of patients, according
to testimony presented during the eight-day trial.

The government's chief prosecutor, Fred Kramer, described Dixon's former clinic
as a "billing factory" between 1986 and 1990.

In that period, false bills were submitted for more than 400 patients, and
witnesses said 200 patients may have received kickbacks.

About 40 insurance companies were billed more than $ 3 million for services
never performed, according to testimony.

Investigators said the scam involved considerably more money than that and was
one of the largest insurance frauds uncovered in the state.

Dixon admitted he paid patients a portion of their insurance reimbursements, but
said it was for word-of-mouth advertising for his clinic.

Dixon, who was convicted in 1977 of Medicare fraud and in 1990 of illegal
weapons possession, is already serving a three-year prison sentence. He and the
others will be sentenced later on the fraud convictions.

During the trial, government witnesses painted a bizarre picture of Dixon's
chiropractic clinic in the southeast Georgia town.

Former employees said Dixon forced his staff to participate in prayer sessions
while he waved a gun and prayed for protection from investigators.

Insurance company documents indicated Dixon submitted bills for treating 169
patients in a single day.

He also submitted 70 bills on behalf of a woman who was driving a school bus in
Tampa on days she supposedly received treatments from Dixon in Waycross,
evidence showed.

Dixon admitted allowing his eighth-grade daughter to X-ray patients because, he
said, her eyesight was better than his.

His court-appointed attorney contended Dixon's record made him a likely targe t
for federal investigators.

A special task force from the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, the
U.S. Postal Service and the Federal Bureau of Investigation spent two years
investigating the Dixon case, according to Robert Bryant, a special agent with
HHS in Atlanta.

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1991 The Atlanta Constitution


                             839 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          February 25, 2015 Wednesday

Arizona: Detroit Area Patient Recruiter and Physical Therapist Convicted in $1.6
Million Medicare Fraud Scheme

LENGTH: 541  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Justice has issued the following news release:

A federal jury in Detroit today convicted a patient recruiter and a physical
therapist for their roles in a $1.6 million Medicare fraud scheme, announced
Assistant Attorney General Leslie R. Caldwell of the Justice Department's
Criminal Division, U.S. Attorney Barbara L. McQuade of the Eastern District of
Michigan, Special Agent in Charge Paul M. Abbate of the FBI's Detroit Field
Office and Special Agent in Charge Lamont Pugh III of the Department of Health
and Human Services Office of Inspector General (HHS-OIG) Chicago Regional
Office.

Reginald Smith, 54, of Flint, Michigan, a patient recruiter, was found guilty of
one count of conspiracy to commit health care fraud and one count of conspiracy
to solicit and receive health care kickbacks.  Rajan Patel, 30, of Clinton
Township, Michigan, a physical therapist, was found guilty of one count of
conspiracy to commit health care fraud, three counts of health care fraud, and
three counts of making false statements relating to health care matters.
Sentencing hearings are scheduled for April 16, 2015, and April 15, 2015,
respectively, before U.S. District Judge Arthur J. Tarnow of the Eastern
District of Michigan.

According to evidence presented at trial, Smith worked as a patient recruiter
for Angle's Touch Home Health Care LLC (Angle's Touch) in 2011 and 2012.  In
that role, he solicited patients for foot care services at adult foster care
homes.  Smith then referred the patients to Angle's Touch for medically
unnecessary home health care services in exchange for kickbacks.  The kickbacks
were disguised as payments to Smith's nonprofit Medicare provider, People
Helping People of Detroit.

Patel worked as a physical therapist at Angle's Touch.  According to the
evidence presented at trial, Patel and others recruited patients from an adult
daycare center in Flint, Michigan.  Patel then fabricated patient medical
records to make it appear that the recruited patients qualified for and received
the home health care services, when they did not.

Evidence presented at trial showed that Medicare paid Angle's Touch over $1.6
million in the course of the conspiracy.

Four other individuals charged in this case pleaded guilty to conspiracy to
commit health care fraud in connection with their roles in the fraud scheme.

The investigation was led by the FBI and HHS-OIG and was brought as part of the
Medicare Fraud Strike Force, under the supervision of the Criminal Division's
Fraud Section and U.S. Attorney's Office for the Eastern District of Michigan.
This case was prosecuted by Trial Attorneys Niall M. O'Donnell, Aisling O'Shea
and Allan Medina of the Fraud Section.

Since its inception in March 2007, the Medicare Fraud Strike Force, now
operating in nine cities across the country, has charged nearly 2,100 defendants
who have collectively billed the Medicare program for more than $6.5 billion.
In addition, HHS's Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services, working in
conjunction with HHS-OIG, are taking steps to increase accountability and
decrease the presence of fraudulent providers.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             840 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Medical Device Daily

                           September 22, 2008 Monday

Court report: 18 are indicted for Medicare fraud topping $33 million

LENGTH: 465 words


Court report: 18 are indicted for Medicare fraud topping $33 million

A Medical Device Daily Staff Report

Eighteen Los Angeles area residents have been charged in eight separate
indictments for their roles in Medicare fraud schemes totaling more than $33
million, according to Acting Assistant Attorney General Matthew Friedrich of the
Criminal Division and U.S. Attorney for the Central District of California
Thomas O'Brien.

Federal and state Medicare Fraud Strike Force (MFSF) agents arrested the 18
people in the greater Los Angeles area. Agents targeted durable medical
equipment (DME) company owners, medical professionals and medical clinic owners
who are alleged to have engaged in various schemes to defraud Medicare of
$33,264,133 in fraudulent billing.

The eight indictments in which the defendants are charged outline various types
of fraud including schemes involving the fraudulent ordering of power
wheelchairs, orthotics, hospital beds, enteral nutrition and feeding supplies.
Enteral nutrition is sustenance ingested by patients through a feeding
apparatus.

In addition, federal agents began executing search warrants at six locations
throughout Los Angeles County.

These cases are a result of the operations by MFSF, a multi-agency team of
federal, state and local prosecutors and agents designed specifically to combat
Medicare fraud. Strike force operations began in the Los Angeles area on March
1.

In other legalities, following a complaint filed in July by Johnson & Johnson
Vision Care (Jacksonville, Florida) a U.S. District Court in New York has
ordered, on both parties' consent, Ocular Insight (Boca Raton, Florida) to
permanently discontinue stating or communicating in its advertising or
promotional materials or activities to eye care professionals for the company's
Clear 58 contact lenses in the U.S., any of the following claims:

o That Clear 58 is approved by FDA.

o That Clear 58 is approved by FDA as a generic equivalent lens to J&J's Acuvue
2 brand contact lenses.

o That Clear 58 is a generic equivalent to Acuvue 2.

o That Clear 58 is an exact duplicate or is identical to Acuvue 2.

"In the interest of patient safety, we felt an urgent need to address these
misleading claims as quickly as possible," says Naomi Kelman, president,
Americas,for the Vistakon division of Johnson & Johnson Vision Care. "While
Clear 58 has been 'cleared' for marketing by the FDA, it has not been 'approved'
by the agency. Furthermore, the FDA does not perform the function of assessing
whether a contact lens may be prescribed as a 'generic equivalent' lens."

According to Kelman, testing of the Clear 58 lens by Johnson & Johnson Vision
Care shows that it is different from Acuvue 2 in material respects that would be
expected to affect visual acuity, handling and/or comfort.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                          Copyright 2008 AHC Media LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             841 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    November 23, 1992, Monday, FINAL EDITION

Banks battle card fraud

BYLINE: Harriet Johnson Brackey; Desiree French

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 444 words


Banks are trying harder to stop credit-card fraud.

Now that heated competition is forcing down credit-card interest rates and
annual fees, banks are trying to boost profits by cutting costs. And a big cost
of the business is fraud.

Fraud-related losses cost the industry $ 1.6 billion last year. The average
large bank issuing cards loses $ 15 million a year through card fraud.

Three-quarters of the fraud stems from cards lost by or stolen from
card holders and cards pilfered from the mail. The rest are from such things as
phony card applications and telemarketing scams.

What card issuers are doing:

- Picture IDs. Citibank, the largest bank credit-card issuer, started a
voluntary program in April to put card -holder photographs on cards. First
introduced to bank customers in New York, the Photocard is now carried by
670,000 card holders nationwide. Citicorp says the digitally imprinted photos
cut fraud 67%.

- Special delivery. To stem losses from cards stolen from the mail, MasterCard
has pumped $ 500,000 into a program that identifies zip codes and
postal-distribution centers where cards are most likely to go astray. Now,
United Parcel Service may be used to bypass those trouble spots. The MasterCard
Secured Delivery System is offered to all MasterCard and Visa issuers.

- Dead plastic. Some banks now require customers to call a special phone number
once they receive their card. If a card holder is unable to answer a few basic
questions about, say, his or her date of birth, the account isn't activated.

NationsBank of Charlotte, N.C., has been sending what it calls dead plastic to
new customers since August. The move has cut losses associated with
never-received cards by 90% compared with similar mailings of ''live'' cards a
year ago.

AT&T, which offers the Universal credit card, also has a card-activation
program. But it's only available to customers living in high-risk areas
pinpointed by the company.

James Daly, managing editor of Credit Card News, says Citibank's photo cards are
a powerful, but expensive, way to ward off thievery. It costs twice as much to
produce a photo card - up to $ 1.50 each - than a typical credit card. So it
would be expensive for Citibank to convert the 30 million cards it has in
circulation .

So credit-card issuers face a tough battle. ''By no means are they going to
eliminate fraud,'' says Daly. ''They have to take a whole bunch of essentially
small steps.''

Of the nation's 166 million Visa and MasterCard accounts, banks lost money on
521,000 of them because of fraud last year. That's up from 388,000 the previous
year, says the American Bankers Association.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1992 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             842 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                          September 10, 2015 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

Man Accused of Fraud Scheme

BYLINE: By NICHOLAS CASEY

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 28

LENGTH: 376 words


Federal prosecutors on Wednesday charged a New Jersey man with a fraud scheme
that involved fake leases for office equipment and a case of identity theft
using forged signatures of New York Mets officials.

Michael Conway, of Verona, N.J., was arrested on Wednesday morning and released
on bond after being charged with wire fraud and identity theft in Federal
District Court in Brooklyn.

According to prosecutors, Mr. Conway ran a fraud scheme using his company,
Choice Office Solutions, which buys equipment like printers and fax machines and
leases it to universities, hospitals and sports franchises in the New York area.

Choice Office sought out investors to finance the purchase of the equipment.
Backers included an unnamed hedge fund manager and an investment company based
in Pennsylvania called De Lage Landen Financial Solutions.

But prosecutors said that while Mr. Conway had received more than $3 million
from his investors, in many cases he had no agreement to lease equipment to his
clients and in other cases exaggerated the terms.

Todd Rossman, a lawyer representing Mr. Conway, declined to comment.

In one case, prosecutors said Mr. Conway had invented a deal with the Mets and
forged agreements, which he used to collect investment money. He had been doing
business with the Mets but not for the amounts he was citing, the complaint
said.

In one instance detailed in the complaint, Mr. Conway forged a letter, dated
last March and on Mets letterhead, authorizing payments of up to $1 million and
signed ''Jeffery Wilpon,'' the chief operating officer of the Mets. Mr. Conway,
however, had misspelled the name: The executive's name is Jeffrey Wilpon.

Mr. Conway also forged the signature of another Mets official, Thomas Festa, a
technology vice president who Mr. Conway also misidentified in the paperwork,
the complaint said.

A Mets spokesman declined to comment on the case.

In another case, Mr. Conway was accused of providing an investor with a false
lease agreement with Montclair State University in New Jersey.

On Wednesday, a number listed for Choice Office Solutions had been disconnected.

A company website said the business had been in operation since 1997 and offered
printing management, mailing systems and shipping.




URL: http://www.nytimes.com/2015/09/10/nyregion/fraud
-charges-for-new-jersey-man-who-forged-mets-officials-signatures.html

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 The New York Times Company


                             843 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              April 3, 2015 Friday

Arizona: Former Principals of Vehicle Financing Company Indicted on Fraud
Charges

LENGTH: 464  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Justice has issued the following news releae:

BOSTON--The founders and principals of Inofin, Inc, a shuttered motor vehicle
finance company based in Rockland, Mass., were charged in U.S. District Court in
Boston today with fraud relating to their solicitation of investments that
resulted in losses of over $11 million to investors.

Michael J. Cuomo, 52, of Plymouth, and Kevin J. Mann Sr., 64, of Marshfield,
were indicted on one count of conspiracy to commit mail and wire fraud, three
counts of mail fraud, and one count of wire fraud. Cuomo and Mann were arrested
on Feb. 1, 2015.

The indictment alleges that, from 1994 through February 2011, Cuomo and Mann
owned and operated Inofin, which funded loans to purchasers of used cars who
could not qualify for traditional financing. In order to fund Inofin's
operations, Cuomo and Mann raised capital by securing investments from dozens of
individuals. In an effort to gain access to a source of investor monies that
they would otherwise not have had access to, Cuomo and Mann falsely represented
to investors that the investors could effect rollovers of monies held in
retirement plans to Inofin, and that Inofin was an authorized custodian of
retirement monies. In fact, at no point was Inofin an authorized custodian, or
trustee, of retirement funds. As a result of these misrepresentations by Cuomo
and Mann, Inofin investors transferred more than $11 million in retirement funds
to Inofin, practically all of which was lost after Inofin entered into
involuntary bankruptcy proceedings.

The charging statutes each provide a sentence of no greater than 20 years in
prison, three years of supervised release, and a fine of $250,000 or twice the
gross gain or loss, whichever is greater. Actual sentences for federal crimes
are typically less than the maximum penalties. Sentences are imposed by a
federal district court judge based upon the U.S. Sentencing Guidelines and other
statutory factors.

United States Attorney Carmen M. Ortiz; William P. Offord, Special Agent in
Charge of the Internal Revenue Service's Criminal Investigation in Boston; and
Vincent B. Lisi, Special Agent in Charge of the Federal Bureau of Investigation,
Boston Field Division; made the announcement today. The U.S. Attorney's Office
also acknowledges the assistance it received from the U.S. Securities and
Exchange Commission, Boston Regional Office. The case is being prosecuted by
Assistant U.S. Attorney Vassili Thomadakis of Ortiz's Economic Crimes Unit.

The details contained in the indictment are allegations. The defendants are
presumed innocent unless and until proven guilty beyond a reasonable doubt in a
court of law.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             844 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Day (New London, Connecticut)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           December 20, 2011 Tuesday

New London woman pleads guilty to bank fraud

BYLINE: Sasha Goldstein, The Day, New London, Conn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 261 words


Dec. 20--NEW HAVEN -- A New London woman accused of helping steal more than
$300,000 from 250 bank accounts across New England pleaded guilty to a bank
fraud charge in federal court Monday.

Gabriella Graham, 21, pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy to commit bank
fraud stemming from her role in a scheme to "skim" automatic teller machine
user's bank account information.

Graham faces a maximum 30-year prison term and a fine of $1 million at her March
8 sentencing.

According to the United States Attorney's Office, Graham helped make counterfeit
ATM cards, served as a lookout and made unauthorized cash withdrawals using
stolen bank account information between February and July.

Prosecutors said Graham and her conspirators victimized 11 banks and one credit
union in Connecticut, Massachusetts and Rhode Island, stealing $336,057.64 from
more than 250 different bank accounts.

Prosecutors said the "skimming" scheme involved installing devices on ATMs that
recorded information encoded on the magnetic strips of bank cards used by ATM
customers. The criminal group also put hidden pinhole cameras on ATMs to record
users' personal identification numbers. That information allowed Graham and her
conspirators to create counterfeit bank cards and steal money from those
customers' accounts.

The Connecticut Financial Crimes Task Force conducted the investigation with
help and support from numerous local, state and federal agencies.

___ (c)2011 The Day (New London, Conn.) Visit The Day (New London, Conn.) at
www.theday.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: December 21, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20111220-NL-New-London-woman-pleads-guilty-to-bank-fraud-1220-20111220

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NL


                             Copyright 2011 The Day


                             845 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             March 14, 2014 Friday
                              Late Edition - Final

U.S. Actions Said to Belie Its Mortgage Fraud Vows

BYLINE: By MATT APUZZO

SECTION: Section B; Column 0; Business/Financial Desk; DEALBOOK; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 693 words


Updated, 1:00 p.m. |

Four years after President Obama promised to crack down on mortgage fraud, his
administration has quietly made the crime its lowest priority and has closed
hundreds of cases after little or no investigation, the Justice Department's
internal watchdog said on Thursday.

The report by the department's inspector general undercuts the president's
contentions that the government is holding people responsible for the collapse
of the financial and housing markets. The administration has been criticized, in
particular, for not pursuing large banks and their executives.

''In cities across the country, mortgage fraud crimes have reached crisis
proportions,'' Attorney General Eric H. Holder Jr. said at a mortgage fraud
summit in Phoenix in 2010. ''But we are fighting back.''

The inspector general's report, however, shows that the F.B.I. considered
mortgage fraud to be its lowest-ranked national criminal priority. In several
large cities, including New York and Los Angeles, F.B.I. agents either ranked
mortgage fraud as a low priority or did not rank it at all.

The F.B.I. received $196 million from the 2009 to 2011 fiscal years to
investigate mortgage fraud, the report said, but the number of pending cases and
agents investigating them dropped in 2011.

''Despite receiving significant additional funding from Congress to pursue
mortgage fraud cases, the F.B.I. in adding new staff did not always use these
new positions to exclusively investigate mortgage fraud,'' the report says.

Mortgage fraud was one of the causes of the 2008 financial collapse. Mortgage
brokers and lenders falsified documents, sometimes to make mortgages look safer,
other times to make the property look more valuable.

The inspector general focused much of its report and most of its recommendations
on fixing internal systems that produced inaccurate data that wildly overstated
the government's results.

Mr. Holder, for example, announced in 2012 that prosecutors had charged 530
people over the previous year in cases related to mortgage fraud that had cost
homeowners more than $1 billion.

Almost immediately, the Justice Department realized it could not back up those
statistics, the inspector general said. After months of review, it became clear
that only 107 people were charged.

The $1 billion figure, it turned out, had been drastically inflated. It was
actually $95 million, the inspector general said. Yet Justice Department
officials repeated those claims for months, even after it was obvious the
figures were wrong, the inspector general said.

The Justice Department contested the inspector general's findings, noting that
the number of mortgage fraud indictments and convictions roughly doubled from
2009 to 2011. In 2012, the government reached a $25 billion civil settlement
with the nation's five largest mortgage servicers.

''The facts regarding the department's work on mortgage fraud tell a much
different story than this report,'' a department spokeswoman, Ellen Canale,
said. ''As the report itself notes, even at a time of constrained budget
resources, the department has dedicated significant manpower and funding to
combating mortgage fraud.''

Last year, the Justice Department announced a $13 billion settlement with
JPMorgan Chase over the bank's questionable mortgage practices.

The Justice Department agreed with the recommendations to improve the record
keeping that produce such figures.

Members of Congress and others have criticized the Obama administration for
going too easy on Wall Street banks and not taking mortgage fraud seriously
enough.

''The inspector general's report sheds light on what looks like an attempt by
the Justice Department to pull the wool over the public's eyes with respect to
its efforts to go after the wrongdoers involved in mortgage fraud,'' Senator
Charles E, Grassley, Republican of Iowa and the ranking member on the Senate
Judiciary Committee, said in a statement. ''According to the inspector general,
the department wasted time cooking the numbers about the cases it pursued, when
it should have been prosecuting cases.''

This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in
print.

URL:
http://dealbook.nytimes.com/2014/03/13/u-s-overstates-efforts-to-prosecute-mortg
age-fraud-watchdog-says/

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 The New York Times Company


                             846 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                             June 19, 2007 Tuesday

Take a stand against fraud

BYLINE: Jeanne Phillips

LENGTH: 813 words


Dear Abby: Thank you, thank you, for publishing the letter from "Ticked Off in
Topeka, Kan." (April 18) concerning welfare fraud, including Section 8 housing
fraud: I am an investigator for a housing authority, and our agency is dedicated
to maintaining the integrity of the program and protecting the taxpayer dollars
entrusted to us. Not a day goes by that I don't hear, "I don't want to get
anyone in trouble, but. ... "

Please let your readers know that if they call in with a fraud tip, they are not
the ones who are getting anyone in trouble. The people who decided to commit the
fraud or do the crime got themselves in trouble. The only way we can help the
most people with our limited resources is by eliminating fraud and applying the
rules and regulations fairly and equitably for everyone.

Quite often it is neighbors, friends and family members who are our eyes and
ears. It is important that they let us know when someone is defrauding the
system. No one will lose assistance just because of a tip. We investigate every
case and, if proven, the tenants are given an opportunity to appeal and to have
a hearing. There are too many families on the waiting list and too many people
who need help for fraud to go unreported. -- Investigator in Oklahoma City

Dear Investigator: I hope "Ticked Off" will take your advice -- and mine -- and
report this "friend" to the proper authorities. Many readers voiced their
frustration, while others offered helpful suggestions. Read on:

Dear Abby: This makes me so mad! My family struggles each and every month with
no public assistance. Abby, I don't want to be rich or live in a palace. I just
want to go to bed each night knowing my kids' bellies are full and that they
have a roof over their heads when the next night comes. We live on macaroni and
cheese and ramen noodles, not steak and lobster. If this "friend" is committing
fraud, I say report her, because if you are working and paying taxes into the
welfare account, she's cheating you, too. -- Keeping it Real in Kissimmee

Dear Abby: Way to go, Abby! Americans need to stop overlooking the dishonesty
they encounter. Thank you for encouraging "Ticked Off" to take a stand. -- G.M.,
Montrose, Colo.

Dear Abby: Please let "Ticked Off" know that if her friend is receiving Section
8 subsidies, her actions may be a federal offense. As a former attorney for a
housing authority, I used to receive numerous tips from third parties regarding
fraud. If she is concerned, she should contact the local housing authority and
ask to speak with the investigations department. A tip may be made anonymously.

There is more at stake here than just her conscience. If a housing authority
loses its funding, many innocent families and children suffer needlessly. She
should do the right thing and speak up. -- A Reader in N.J.

Dear Abby: I have worked for the Section 8 program administered by the state of
Michigan for more than 20 years. This federally funded program is intended for
the aid of the elderly, disabled individuals and low-income families. A thief
who steals from Section 8 is stealing from those in our society who most
desperately need our help. Complaints of fraud should be submitted to HUD by
calling the toll-free number: (800) 347-3735. -- Also Ticked Off, Lansing, Mich.

Dear Abby: I am a pack rat and a slob. My husband is the opposite. I am trying
hard to change my ways, but it is not easy, because I was raised to appreciate
sentimental gifts, and my husband is always saying, "If you don't use it -- toss
it!"

It has been especially difficult, because we now have a 3-year-old. He gets many
gifts from my mother. When he outgrows these toys, I often throw them out or
give them away. If it's something Mother has purchased, I am afraid she may find
it in our garbage and make me feel guilty "because it cost a lot of money" until
I reluctantly agree to keep it.

This has happened in the past, and I have suggested that my mother keep it at
her house if it means that much to her. She says her house is much smaller than
mine, and she doesn't have the room.

Any suggestions on how to stand up to her regarding these toys? I feel
constantly railroaded when it comes to getting rid of anything in my house. --
Pack Rat in Rehab

Dear Pack Rat: You may think you have a problem, but it pales in comparison to
the one your mother must have if she's rifling through your garbage. The next
time she brings something you have thrown out back to you, confront her on that.
Then remind her that regardless of how expensive the item may have been, once a
child has tired of it -- it's over. And if she persists in laying on the guilt,
donate the item. Dear Abby is written by Abigail Van Buren, also known as Jeanne
Phillips, and was founded by her mother, Pauline Phillips. Write Dear Abby at
www.DearAbby.com or P.O. Box 69440, Los Angeles, CA 90069. Universal Press
Syndicate

LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2007 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                             847 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 June 30, 1993, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

2 Men Held In a Scheme With A.T.M.

BYLINE: By ARI L. GOLDMAN,  Special to The New York Times

SECTION: Section B; Page 6; Column 6; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 531 words

DATELINE: NEW HAVEN, June 29


The arrests of two men accused of setting up a bogus automatic teller machine
were announced today by Federal officials, who said the two were outsmarted by
the very technology they employed to bilk others of more than $100,000.

Federal officials say that after obtaining secret codes with the bogus bank
machine they installed in a Connecticut shopping mall in April, the two men used
the information to raid customer accounts through real automatic tellers. As a
matter of course, cameras took their pictures at the real machines, which is how
they were identified.

"With these arrests, the operation has been dismantled," Albert S. Dabrowski,
the United States Attorney in Connecticut.

A Computer Specialist

Arrested in the scheme were Alan Scott Pace, a 30-year-old computer specialist,
and Gerald Harvey Greenfield, 50, who was described as having a background in
finance. Both are from Tucson, Ariz.

Mr. Dabrowski also announced the seizure of five A.T.M.'s, including a Fujitsu
model 7020, the one used at the Buckland Hills Mall in Manchester, Conn. Also
seized were software, three handguns, bank-network stickers, a police scanner
and equipment to make phony bank cards, credit cards and passports.

"This was the first time we confronted this kind of sophisticated fraud," Mr.
Dabrowski said.

Mr. Dabrowski said one more arrest is expected, but Mr. Pace and Mr. Greenfield
were "the masterminds."

The two are charged with credit card fraud, wire fraud, interstate
transportation of stolen property and conspiracy to commit a felony. In
addition, Mr. Greenfield is charged with bank fraud.

They face prison terms ranging from 10 to 30 years on each count and fines of
more than $250,000.

Authorities said that Mr. Pace is wanted by the F.B.I. in Salt Lake City on a
separate wire fraud charge.

The teller machine scheme began in early April, when a man who identified
himself as the president of Electronic Cash Machines persuaded the management of
the Buckland Hills Mall to let him install an A.T.M. The man, who gave the name
"David Mills" was Mr. Greenfield, the police say. On April 24, three men
installed the machine.

The machine, which was on wheels, was not identified with any one bank, but had
stickers from several bank networks. It was connected to an electrical outlet,
but not to a telephone line that would have linked it to a network.

Customers who inserted cards in the machine found that it would not dispense
cash, but did return cards.  The machine had been rigged so it recorded the bank
data from the cards and the personal identification numbers.

The police say this information was used to encode bogus cards, which they in
turn used in real A.T.M.'s from New York to Florida. Customers were not aware of
the fraud until they noted the withdrawals when their bank statements arrived.
In all, 120 phony cards were used to withdraw more than $100,000. None of the
money has been recovered, officials said.

On May 9, 15 days after the bogus machine appeared, three men arrived in a large
white truck and carted it away.

Mr. Pace was arrested first, last Wednesday in Manhattan. Mr. Greenfield
surrendered on Monday night.

LOAD-DATE: June 30, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1993 The New York Times Company


                             848 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                             March 16, 2009 Monday

National And International Report / Mortgage fraud on rise as lenders tighten
standards

BYLINE: Pioneer Press

SECTION: INTL BIZ BRIEFING

LENGTH: 822 words


The mortgage industry, applying far more scrutiny after a tidal wave of
defaults, reported a record number of mortgage fraud incidents last year, with
Rhode Island making its first appearance as the nation's top fraud hot spot. The
number of mortgage fraud reports among loans made last year grew 26 percent from
a year earlier, according to a study released Monday by the Mortgage Asset
Research Institute.

The increase came as lenders dramatically tightened their standards, making it
more difficult for borrowers to qualify for home loans without large down
payments, solid credit and proof of their incomes. With credit far tighter,
about $1.4 trillion in home loans were made last year, down about a third from a
year earlier, according to trade publication Inside Mortgage Finance.

The recession also has increased pressure on shady mortgage lenders and brokers
-- as well as borrowers -- to lie on loan applications, according to the fraud
report. More than 60 percent of mortgage fraud cases last year stemmed from
falsified applications, while 28 percent came from tax returns or financial
statements, and 22 percent came from appraisals, the study said.

After ranking fifth in 2006 and 10th in 2007, Minnesota was not ranked among the
top 10 states for mortgage fraud in this year's survey. The report provided no
information about mortgage fraud trends in the state.Seattle newspaper kills
print edition

The Seattle Post-Intelligencer will print its final edition today. Hearst Corp.,
which owns the 146-year-old P-I, said Monday that it failed to find a buyer for
the newspaper, which it put up for a 60-day sale in January after years of
losing money. Now the P-I will shift entirely to the Web.

Hearst's decision to abandon the print product in favor of an Internet-only
version is the first for a large American newspaper, raising questions about
whether the company can make money in a medium where others have come up short.
SeattlePI.com will have a news staff of about 20 rather than the 165 the
newspaper had, and the site will consist mostly of commentary, advice and links
to other news sites, along with some original reporting.

Hearst said it would offer severance packages to about 145 employees and plans
to hire more than 20 people in areas like ad sales.

Seattle follows Denver in losing a daily newspaper this year. The Rocky Mountain
News closed last month after its owner, E.W. Scripps Co., couldn't find a buyer.
Prosecutors target Madoff's wife's assets

Bernard Madoff's wife could theoretically claim more than $100 million in assets
-- and should forfeit it all, according to federal prosecutors.

The move by prosecutors seeks the court's help in recovering $22 million in
Madoff properties, all of which are solely in Ruth Madoff's name except for one
$3 million property. It also seeks $62 million in cash and securities in her
name, $10 million in furnishings in the properties and $10 million for a yacht
and other boats.

Bernard Madoff, 70, traded his $7 million Manhattan penthouse for a federal
lockup on Thursday, immediately after he described how he created a two-decade
Ponzi scheme which paid off early investors with proceeds from new investors.

Investors have reacted angrily to previous defense claims that Ruth Madoff is
entitled to keep $69 million in assets that are in her name.Citi nominates four
new directors

Citigroup has nominated four new independent directors to its board in the
latest move to toughen up the bank's oversight. Citigroup's board has been
widely criticized for allowing bank executives to make risky investments in the
housing market and not having enough financial services experience. The new
directors include two former bank CEOS and two other financial experts.

The new candidates are Jerry Grundhofer, 64, chairman emeritus and former
chairman and CEO of Minneapolis-based U.S. Bancorp; Michael O'Neill, 62, former
chairman and CEO of Bank of Hawaii; Anthony Santomero, 62, a senior adviser at
McKinsey & Co. and former president of the Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia;
and William Thompson Jr., 63, the former CEO of bond investment manager Pimco.

Briefly

Aluminum producer Alcoa Inc. said Monday it plans to slash its quarterly
dividend and sell $1.1 billion worth of shares to bulk up its cash cushion amid
the recession. The Pittsburgh-based company also said it plans to cut costs by
more than $2.4 billion annually by 2010. ... A key gauge of homebuilders'
confidence remained near historic lows in March, according to a survey released
Monday. The National Association of Home Builders/Wells Fargo housing market
index stood at nine, one point off the all-time low hit in January. ... The
nation's industrial output fell for the fourth straight month in February. The
Federal Reserve reported Monday that industrial output dropped by 1.4 percent
last month, slightly larger than the 1.2 percent decline economists had
expected.

-- From staff and wire reports

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2009 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             849 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 17, 2016 Saturday

Five Indicted For Fraud Against The U.S. Government And Other Purchasers In
\x93Made In The USA" Marketing Scheme

LENGTH: 425  words

DATELINE: New York



 Office for the United States Attorneys, Eastern District of Tennessee has
issued the following news release:



  On Sept. 13, 2016, a federal grand jury in Greeneville returned an indictment
against Vincent Lee Ferguson, 65, of Knoxville, Tenn.; Matthew Lee Ferguson, 40,
of Lenoir City, Tenn.; Kerry Joseph Ferguson, 35, of Houston, Texas; Matthew
Harrison Martland, 32, of Knoxville, Tenn.; and Stephanie Lynn Kaemmerer, 44, of
Knoxville, Tenn., for wire fraud, conspiracy to commit wire fraud, major fraud
against the United States, and smuggling goods into the United States.





 These individuals appeared in court on Sept. 15, 2016 before U.S. Magistrate
Judge Clifton Corker and pleaded not guilty.  All were released on bond pending
trial, which has been set for Nov. 1, 2016, in U.S. District Court, in
Greeneville.



 If convicted, they all face a term of 20 years in prison as to each wire fraud
charge and smuggling charge, and up to 10 years in prison for the charge of
major fraud against the United States.  Additionally, they face fines of up to
$250,000 and up to three years of supervised release as to each count.  The
indictment also seeks forfeiture of approximately $8.1 million.



 Details of this conspiracy are included in the indictment on file with the U.S.
District Court, which alleges that these individuals, all of whom were
executives and management at Wellco Enterprises, Inc., conspired from December
2008 through August 2012 to defraud the United States government and other
purchasers through a scheme to fraudulently import military-style boots that
were made in China into the United States and then deceptively market and sell
those boots to the United States Armed Forces, government contractors, and the
general public as "Made in the USA," and as compliant with certain domestic
content preference laws, including the Trade Agreements Act and the Berry
Amendment.



 This indictment is the result of an investigation by Homeland Security
Investigations, the Defense Criminal Investigative Service, Air Force Office of
Special Investigation, General Services Administration Office of Inspector
General, and the Defense Contracts Audit Agency.  Assistant U.S. Attorney David
L. Gunn will represent the United States.



 Members of the public are reminded that an indictment constitutes only charges
and that every person is presumed innocent until his/her guilt has been proven
beyond a reasonable doubt.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             850 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Moscow-Pullman Daily News (Idaho)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            August 26, 2010 Thursday

Area hit by fraud, identity theft case: Officials say men wrote bad checks at
Shopko, Walmart and Staples

BYLINE: Christina Lords, Moscow-Pullman Daily News, Moscow, Idaho

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 719 words


Aug. 26--Quick read

WHAT HAPPENED: Two Spokane men pleaded guilty to various counts of identity
theft and bank fraud in federal court this week in Coeur d'Alene.

WHAT IT MEANS: Alphonso Guster, 46, and Vladimir Bibas, 25, could face years of
prison time and fines totaling hundreds of thousands of dollars.

WHAT HAPPENS NEXT: Both men will be sentenced Nov. 9 by U.S. District Judge B.
Lynn Winmill.

WHY YOU SHOULD CARE: The men racked up about $3,300 worth of fraudulent charges
in various stores on the Palouse.

A pair of men who have pleaded guilty in federal court to charges of identity
theft and bank fraud in several states made stops in Pullman and Moscow,
officials said.

Alphonso Guster, 46, and Vladimir Bibas, 25, pleaded guilty this week in Coeur
d'Alene to aggravated identity theft, bank fraud, and conspiracy to commit bank
fraud, aggravated identity theft and possession with the intent to unlawfully
use five or more false identification documents, according to the United States
Attorney's Office in Boise.

Both are from the Spokane area.

In November and December of 2009, they used names of deceased people, mostly
from western Washington and the Seattle area, to create fake Washington driver's
licenses with corresponding fake checks that were used to purchase assorted
merchandise from several stores in Idaho and Washington.

Moscow Police detective Scot Gleason said the men used obituaries from
newspapers and information from websites like Ancestory.com to gather
information about real people who had recently died.

The men made purchases totaling $1,500 from the Moscow Walmart and Staples.

"They were targeting stores with check writers, like at Walmart where they scan
the check and give the check back to (the customer)," he said. "These checks
were pretty good because the routing numbers for the banks were good routing
numbers. One was a U.S. Bank check, but the routing number was for a small
credit union in south Idaho."

Pullman Police detective Bill Orsborn said Bibas and Guster wrote three or four
checks totalling $1,800 at the Pullman Shopko.

The fake licenses had photos of Bibas and Guster, but the information on the
cards were the information of the deceased, Gleason said.

The dates of birth of the deceased were altered to more accurately reflect the
men's real ages, he said.

Some of the merchandise was returned to those stores so they could be refunded
with cash, according to a U.S. Department of Justice news release.

Gleason said the men traveled throughout Washington and Idaho before being
arrested by the Lewiston Police Department for writing bad checks at the
Lewiston Shopko.

During that investigation, their vehicle had been searched and 12 falsified
licenses and corresponding checkbooks were discovered, he said.

"The Lewiston Police Department did a great job because these guys weren't easy
to catch up with," Orsborn said.

Guster pleaded guilty to bank fraud and aggravated identity theft. The bank
fraud charge carries a maximum prison sentence of 30 years, up to $1 million in
fines and maximum supervised release of five years.

The aggravated identity theft charge carries a mandatory minimum prison sentence
of two years consecutive to the bank fraud sentence.

Bibas pleaded guilty to conspiracy to commit bank fraud, aggravated identity
theft and possession with intent to unlawfully use five or more false
identification documents, which carries a maximum prison sentence of five years,
a fine of up to $250,000 and maximum supervised release of three years.

Bibas and Guster will be sentenced Nov. 9 by Chief U.S. District Judge B. Lynn
Winmill in Coeur d'Alene.

The Moscow, Lewiston and Pullman police departments investigated the case before
it was eventually taken over by the United States Secret Service.

Christina Lords can be reached at (208) 882-5561, ext. 301, or by e-mail to
clords@dnews.com

To see more of the Moscow-Pullman Daily News or to subscribe to the newspaper,
go to http://www.dnews.com. Copyright (c) 2010, Moscow-Pullman Daily News,
Moscow, Idaho Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail
services@mctinfoservices.com, or call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States,
call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: August 26, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100826-1MW-Area-hit-by-fraud-identity-theft-case-20100826

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1MW


                    Copyright 2010 Moscow-Pullman Daily News


                             851 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Deal Pipeline

                            December 9, 2014 Tuesday

Grand jury returns stock fraud indictment

BYLINE: by Bill Meagher

LENGTH: 539 words


A federal grand jury in Boston returned an indictment against lawyer Richard
Weed on 11 counts of conspiracy, securities fraud and wire fraud connected to
the alleged pump and dump of a sports ticket broker.

Weed was arrested Nov. 6, according to a statement by the FBI.

The indictment, announced Dec. 4, is based on sworn testimony from Coleman
Flaherty and Thomas Brazil, two stock promoters who were also charged with
conspiracy, securities fraud, and wire fraud arising from their participation in
the alleged stock manipulation. According to the indictment, the stock promoters
have provided information to the prosecutors hoping to gain a favorable
sentencing. The pair have agreed to plead guilty later this month.

A call to a lawyer representing Weed was not immediately returned. Efforts to
locate and reach Flaherty and Brazil failed.

The statutory maximum penalties for the securities and wire fraud charges are 20
years in prison and three years of supervised release. The maximum fine for
securities fraud is $5 million, and the maximum fine for wire fraud is $250,000
or twice the gross loss to the victim. The statutory maximum penalties for the
conspiracy charge is five years in prison, three years of supervised release,
and a fine of $250,000 or twice the gross loss to the victim.

According to the complaint, Weed of Newport Beach, Calif., conspired to create
the appearance that ticket broker CitySide Tickets Inc. was a growing company
when, in fact, it was struggling.

Weed, who served as Boston-based CitySide's secretary and as one of its two
directors, was responsible for drafting false and misleading legal opinion
letters so that his co-conspirators could obtain free-trading stock. Weed also
helped to conceal their control and ownership of CitySide by directing the stock
to different entities that they controlled.

In addition to allegedly assisting with the manipulation, Weed was also in
charge of responding to any inquiries from investors or securities regulators.

The charges against Weed, Flaherty and Brazil follow a multi-year investigation
focusing on preventing fraud in microcap stocks, and follow a series of cases
filed by the Securities and Exchange Commission and the U.S. Attorney for
Massachusetts in which 27 individuals have been criminally charged, and 20
convicted, for using kickbacks and other schemes to trigger investment in, or
manipulate microcap stocks.

"Attorney Weed joins more than a dozen CEOs, traders, fund managers, equities
analysts, lawyers and publicists caught in the FBI's long-running undercover
investigation of the manipulation of micro-cap stocks," said Vincent Lisi,
special agent in charge of the FBI Boston Field Division, in a statement on Nov.
6. "We expect that our ongoing undercover operations to find people like Mr.
Weed will continue to return high yields far into the future."

In a parallel action, the SEC filed civil charges against Weed, Brazil and
Flaherty. The SEC's action, which is pending, seeks repayment of ill-gotten
gains plus interest and penalties, as well as orders barring them from
participating in penny stock offerings. The SEC also seeks to bar Weed from
serving as an officer or director of any public company.

DEAL SIZE

Undisclosed

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Article

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                        Copyright 2014 The Deal, L.L.C.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             852 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                  September 29, 1993, Wednesday, Tampa Edition

3 in bay area indicted on bank fraud offenses

SECTION: TAMPA BAY AND STATE; THE REGION; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 733 words



Three Tampa Bay area banking officials were charged Tuesday in separate  federal
indictments with a variety of fraud-related offenses. A Clearwater man  who ran
a Brandon branch of NCNB National Bank has been charged with bank  fraud, money
laundering, attempted tax evasion and other offenses related to  his activities
at the bank in 1990. Scott Carey Kaylor, 27, is accused in a  federal indictment
of using false entries in bank records and sham loans to  embezzle $ 80,000.
James C. Kinard, 36, of St. Petersburg, a former vice  president at Sun Bank in
Sarasota, is charged with bank fraud, money  laundering and mail fraud. He is
accused of fraudulently transferring money to  himself from the accounts of two
elderly Sun Bank customers between 1988 and  1991, resulting in a loss to the
bank of $ 97,000. James M. Claassen, 35, of  Tampa is accused of conspiring with
his father, Richard Claassen, 64, of Fort  Pierce, to deceive the Resolution
Trust Corporation. According to the charges,  the elder Claassen bought a Tampa
multifamily residence at an RTC auction for  $ 500 in September 1991. He then
transferred legal title to his son, who was  not eligible to participate in RTC
auctions because he was a bank examiner for  the Federal Deposit Insurance
Corporation.

UPDATE

FORMER NAZI GUARD APPEARS AT DEPORTATION PROCEEDINGS. Alleged Nazi war  criminal
Alexander Schweidler appeared Tuesday in Federal Immigration Court in  Miami to
defend himself against deportation proceedings. It was the first  court
appearance for the 71-year-old Inverness man since news of his alleged  Nazi
past became public two months ago. Schweidler is accused of killing two
prisoners while serving as a guard at the Mauthausen death camp near Linz,
Austria, and of concealing his wartime record when he entered the United  States
in 1965. Schweidler appeared Tuesday at the U.S. Federal District  Courthouse
with his wife, Ann, and his attorney, Marshall Randall of Sarasota.  Schweidler
was told he had 30 days to answer the charges against him in  writing, designate
which country he wanted to be deported to, and to identify  all witnesses,
exhibits and evidence that he will present at the deportation  hearing,
according to Heather Sarni of the Office of Special Investigations.  Sarni said
30 days after Schweidler identifies his witnesses, the government  will list the
witnesses and elements of its case, and a deportation trial date  will be set
shortly thereafter.  The Department of Justice alleges that  Schweidler lied
about his wartime experience with the SS when applying for his  visa and
therefore entered the country illegally. In March, Justice Department
investigators say Schweidler told them that he served as an armed guard of
prisoners at the Mauthausen death camp from 1942 to 1945.

PINELLAS BOY SCOUT CAMP SITE GETS REPRIEVE. Pinellas County's only Boy Scout
camp is getting a reprieve, at least until February. Camp Soule has been
targeted for sale at various times over the past 10 years. But Tuesday night,
the 53-acre wooded camp in the heart of densely populated Clearwater was
probably closer to being sold than ever before. A divided Scout board voted
24-12 to study a handful of proposals to save the camp and vote on the issue  in
February. The study committee will be led by new Scout board member Barry
Edwards, a political fund-raiser in Pinellas County. If Soule is sold,  Pinellas
and west Pasco Boy Scouts, Cub Scouts and Explorers would have to  drive to Camp
Sand Hill in Hernando County for weekend activities. The  majority of the 150
Scout volunteers who attended Tuesday night's meeting  think that could kill
scouting in the Pinellas-west Pasco district. Terry  Cochrane urged Scout
executives to place deed restrictions on the camp so that  it can never be sold.
The most popular compromise proposal Tuesday night was  offered by Jim Gibson, a
Scout commissioner who wants to sell Camp Soule one  square yard at a time for $
10-$ 20. The buyers would receive title to their  small parcel and deed
restrictions would give the Boy Scouts the right to use  the land for the next
20 years. After that, the property would revert to the  West Central Florida
Scout council. Another plan that will be studied would  see half of Camp Soule
sold to the Pinellas School Board.

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: TAMPA BAY AND STATE

TYPE: DIGEST

                            Times Publishing Company


                             853 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       The Metropolitan Corporate Counsel

                 September, 1997 GREATER NEW YORK METRO EDITION

Health Care Fraud: Issues And Answers

SECTION: CORPORATE COUNSEL ORGANIZATION HIGHLIGHTS; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 315 words


A seminar on Health Care Fraud: Issues and Answers for Corporate and Agency
Counsel, sponsored by the National Health Care Anti-Fraud Association (NHCAA)
will be presented on September 24 and 25 at the Sheraton Suites Hotel in
Alexandria, Virginia. Expert presentations, interactive panels and roundtable
discussions will provide invaluable information on the most timely legal aspects
of private- and public-sector health care anti-fraud initiatives.

Kirk J. Nahra of Wiley, Rein & Fielding, who is NHCAA General Counsel, and
Kathleen McDermott, Assistant U.S. Attorney, Health Care Fraud Coordinator in
the U.S. Attorney's Office - District of Maryland, will give a presentation on
Wednesday afternoon on How the New Tools of HIPAA are Being Used.

Other sessions will examine:


* the implementation of the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act
of 1996 (HIPAA);


* the prosecution of health care fraud cases that include kickback schemes;


* the practical and procedural steps that are taken by the defense in response
to -- or in anticipation of -- allegations of health care fraud;


* medical necessity and its significance in health care fraud litigation and
managed care litigation;


* national investigations currently being conducted by federal law enforcement;


* negotiating global settlements - the government approach and evaluating a role
for the private sector;


* new fraud prevention techniques such as contract language and compliance
programs exposure.

For NHCAA corporate/public sector/law enforcement liaison organizations, two
staff members may attend tuition-free.  Tuition for NHCAA corporate member
companies additional staff and individual members is $ 250 each; for nonmembers,
tuition is $ 360 each on a space-available basis.

For registration and travel information, contact Kimberly Mott at NHCAA, (202)
659-5955.

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

            Copyright 1997 The Metropolitan Corporate Counsel, Inc.


                             854 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        San Bernardino Sun (California)

                            April 26, 2012 Thursday

Upland man accused of role in real estate fraud ring

BYLINE: By Mike Cruz

SECTION: BREAKING; News

LENGTH: 255 words


Prosecutors have charged an Upland man with real estate fraud.

Eric Lamonte Smith, 38, pleaded not guilty to the charges at an arraignment last
Friday in San Bernardino Superior Court, according to a press statement from the
San Bernardino County District Attorney's Office.

Smith has been charged with real estate fraud, identity theft, forgery and
preparing fraudulent credit applications.

Investigators had received a complaint of fraud from a notary public, who
alleged that her signature and seal had been forged on a grant deed.

As a result, investigators opened a criminal investigation which ultimately
revealed that Smith was part of a suspected real estate fraud ring operating in
San Bernardino, San Diego and Los Angeles counties since 2006, according to the
statement.

The suspects allegedly filed fraudulent grant deeds on properties that were in
the process of being foreclosed, causing the process to be delayed. The suspects
would then rent the property to unsuspecting renters, prosecutors said.

The suspects would also obtain home equity lines of credit on the properties, as
well as use false information on credit applications to purchase luxury
automobiles.

Smith was arrested last week by District Attorney's investigators. He was booked
at West Valley Detention Center, in Rancho Cucamonga.

A preliminary hearing was scheduled for May 2 in San Bernardino Superior Court.
If convicted at trial on all counts, Smith faces 11 years in state prison.

The case is being prosecuted by Deputy District Attorney Vance Welch.

LOAD-DATE: April 26, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             855 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                    August 23, 1989, Wednesday, City Edition

Arnsparger subpoenaed in agents trial

BYLINE: TOM ZUCCO

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 3C

LENGTH: 656 words



University of Florida athletic director Bill Arnsparger and    assistant
basketball coach Kenny McCraney have been subpoenaed to    testify for the
prosecution in the Sept. 11 trial of four South Florida    sports agents,
university spokeswoman Linda Gray said Tuesday. The    sports agents are charged
with giving secret payments to former Gator    basketball star Vernon Maxwell
and five former UF football players.

     Gray also confirmed that the university has retained a noted
Chicago-based law firm that helps schools conduct investigations when    there
is the possibility of an NCAA probe.

     Arnsparger was not mentioned in the May 22 indictment charging    agents
Gregory Latimer, Gerland Gratenstein, John Kasbar and Glenn Haft    with
conspiracy, racketeering, mail fraud and wire fraud in connection    with the
payments.

     But McCraney is alleged to have received a $ 300 money order    intended
for Maxwell from Professional Athletes Financial Advisors,    Inc., a
Hollywood-based company owned by the agents. Although McCraney    hasn't
commented on the allegation, Maxwell reportedly said McCraney    didn't know the
money was from the agents.

     Neither Maxwell nor McCraney was charged in the indictment.

     Prior to the subpoenas, the university retained the law firm of
Coffield, Ungaretti, Harris and Slavia, which has represented the    University
of Minnesota, Memphis State, Iowa State, the University of    Missouri and other
schools facing possible NCAA scrutiny.

     But that help may be expensive. The firm reportedly charges $ 165 an
hour.

     In a February interview with the Kansas City Star, Iowa State    athletic
director Max Urick said the firm billed his school $ 250,000    for assistance
while the Cyclones were under NCAA investigation, and    Oklahoma State athletic
director Myron Roderick said his university    paid a fee in the same range for
similar services.

     Kansas athletic director Bob Frederick, whose program also was    under
scrutiny, decided against retaining the firm because of the    possible cost.

     According to Gray, the Chicago firm was selected "because they had
experience and knowledge that could assist us."

     She said she did not know when the firm was retained.

     The NCAA has not formally notified the University of Florida that    it is
conducting an investigation, but Gray said UF general counsel Pam    Bernard has
talked frequently with NCAA investigators for several    months. The
university's own internal investigation, which began last    summer when then UF
president Marshall Criser learned that federal drug    agents were questioning
past and present UF athletes about possible    connections to Gainesville-area
cocaine dealers, is being conducted by    Bernard and Gainesville attorneys
Larry Turner and Jim Quincy.

     Asked why the school's investigation has continued for nearly a    year,
Gray replied, "Ours is a very large athletic program and we want    to be as
thorough as possible." Gray said there would be no report on    the
investigation until it is completed.

     However, attorneys for the agents last month filed a subpoena    asking to
see some of the results of that investigation. Attorneys    Donald Bierman and
Hugh Culverhouse Jr., who represent the agents, are    attempting to show that
because there may have been other rule    violations at Florida that already
caused the athletes to be    ineligible, the university was not significantly
harmed by the agents'    actions.

     In an effort to block the agents' subpoena, the university filed a
motion recently asking that documents from their internal investigation    be
protected under attorney-client privilege.



LOAD-DATE: November 9, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                            Times Publishing Company


                             856 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                December 15, 1992, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

COMPANY NEWS;
FORMER EXECUTIVE CONVICTED IN BANK FRAUD CONSPIRACY

BYLINE: Bloomberg Business News

SECTION: Section D; Page 5; Column 1; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 147 words


The former head of the Arochem Corporation was convicted yesterday of defrauding
the energy company's banks of about $200 million and lying to them about its
finances. Roy William Harris was the first person to be convicted under a new
"bank fraud kingpin" law enacted in the aftermath of the savings and loan
scandal, said Howard Shapiro, an assistant United States attorney in Manhattan.

A jury in Federal District Court in Manhattan found Mr. Harris guilty on one
count of conspiracy, seven counts of bank fraud, one count of money laundering,
12 counts of wire fraud and one count of continuing financial crimes. A lawyer
for Mr. Harris said he planned to appeal. Arochem, based in Stamford, Conn., is
in bankruptcy. Its bank group, led by Chase Manhattan, had accused Mr. Harris of
speculating with the banks' $200 million line of credit and concealing losses.


LOAD-DATE: December 15, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company


                             857 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                          December 14, 2011 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Florida No.1in mortgage fraud cases ;
 Reviews of bogus loans lead to a surge in criminal and civil cases.;
Palm Beach County ranks sixth in the U.S. per capita for iffy loans.

BYLINE: By KIMBERLY MILLER Palm Beach Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 469 words


Florida retained its top ranking in the nation for mortgage fraud litigation
through September as millions of dollars in bad boom-time loans continue to be
discovered by law enforcement and lenders.

A report released Tuesday by industry publication Mortgage Daily showed that
Florida's activity during the third quarter included more than $144 million in
suspect loans that were questioned in court.

Florida has held the lead on the index, which tracks such activity as
indictments and guilty pleas in criminal and civil cases, since the first
quarter of this year.

California ranked second on the activity index, but with more than $204 million
in allegedly fraudulent loans, it came in first based on dollar amount.

Mortgage Daily founder and publisher Sam Garcia attributed some of today's fraud
cases to a review of loans written during the frenzied ascent to the 2008 real
estate crash. Investors continue to pressure banks to buy back mortgages that
didn't meet underwriting standards or were bogus for other reasons, such as
falsification of the borrower's income.

Last year, Bank of America bought back $2.87 billion in bad mortgages from
federal mortgage backers Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac.

The buybacks can cause a domino effect, Garcia said, as larger banks turn to
loan originators or smaller companies to hold someone accountable.

"For a long time there just wasn't much prosecution," Garcia said. "Then we were
just inundated. People who had committed fraud could no longer cover it up when
the market turned bad and it became clear that loans were made that shouldn't
have been made."

Nationwide, the mortgage fraud index climbed 16 percent in the third quarter,
compared with the same time in 2010, with cases totaling more than $1.3 billion
in questionable loans.

The five states with the worst index ranking were, in order: Florida,
California, Minnesota, New York and Texas.

In Florida, the mortgage fraud index was up 45 percent compared with the
previous quarter. It was 18 percent higher than in the third quarter of 2010.

Mortgage Daily's report follows a similar study released in September by the
federal Financial Crimes Enforcement Network that found Palm Beach County ranked
sixth in the nation per capita for suspicious loan activity.

The county previously ranked 31st. That report also attributed the spike in
activity to the review of older loans written between 2006 and 2008.

Ken Thomas, a Miami-based independent banking analyst and economist, said
mortgage fraud prosecutions will increase as defaulted loans undergo closer
scrutiny.

"There is a lot of fraud in South Florida, and we will see heavy enforcement in
the future," Thomas said "It's taking a lot of time to catch up, but there are
paper trails for all of this and they will eventually get to most of it."

~ kimberly_miller@pbpost.com

LOAD-DATE: December 15, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  Florida fraud numbers  Quarter-by-quartermortgage fraud litigation
activity by national index rank and dollar amount: QUARTER YEAR RANK AMOUNT 3
2011 1 $144,320,669 2 2011 1 $184,009,434 1 2011 1 $156,654,009 4 2010 2
$59,896,409 3 2010 1 $110,333,006 Source: Mortgage DailyPOST COVERAGEMortgage
fraud

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2011 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             858 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Erie Times-News (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 25, 2014 Thursday

California man charged in Erie bank fraud

BYLINE: Ed Palattella, Erie Times-News, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 357 words


Sept. 25--A San Francisco-area businessman has been charged with running a $1
million nationwide bank fraud scheme that stretched to two Erie-based credit
unions.

Alex K. Philip, 30, is accused of using falsified information, such as earnings
statements, to successfully apply for more than $1 million in automobile loans,
consumer loans and lines of credit from January 2010 to January 2013, according
to charging documents filed in U.S. District Court in Erie on Tuesday.

Philip and others ran the scheme through Philip Investments Inc., with bank
accounts in San Francisco and San Jose, Calif., the U.S. Attorney's Office said
in the documents.

The office is alleging Philip and his company defrauded 21 financial
institutions, including the Erie Federal Credit Union and the Erie Community
Credit Union.

Philip is accused of the felonies of bank fraud and conspiracy to commit bank
fraud. He is not in custody but is scheduled for a plea hearing on Oct. 3 in
Pittsburgh.

Philip waived an indictment and agreed to be charged through the filing of what
is known as a criminal information. A waiver of a federal indictment often
signals the defense intends to resolve the case without a trial.

Philip, according to the charging documents, "engaged in a 'loan program'
whereby a hierarchy of 'brokers,' 'managers,' 'processors' and 'straw borrowers'
falsified bank loan documents" to get the loans. The documents included
"falsified earnings statements, tax returns and employment information,"
according to the charging documents.

Philip and others involved in the scheme -- who were not identified in the
charging documents -- purchased no vehicles with the phony auto loans, but
divided the loan proceeds among themselves, the government alleges.

Assistant U.S. Attorney Marshall Piccinini is prosecuting. Philip's lawyer,
Daniel L. Barton, of Palo Alto, Calif., did not immediately respond to an
e-mail.

ED PALATTELLA can be reached at 870-1813 or by e-mail. Follow him on Twitter at
twitter.com/ETNpalattella.

___ (c)2014 the Erie Times-News (Erie, Pa.) Visit the Erie Times-News (Erie,
Pa.) at www.GoErie.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140925-EI-California-man-charged-in-Erie-bank-fraud-0925-20140925

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EI


                         Copyright 2014 Erie Times-News


                             859 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               October 18, 1988, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition

LaRouche Enters Not Guilty Plea in a Fraud Case

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section A; Page 21, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 408 words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va., Oct. 17


Lyndon H. LaRouche Jr., the political extremist, and six co-defendants pleaded
not guilty today to Federal charges of fraud and conspiracy in connection with
what the authorities said was a scheme to raise money.

At an arraignment Mr. LaRouche and his associates promised to return to court
for trial Nov. 21 and for a hearing on a motion Nov. 10.

Federal District Judge Albert V. Bryan Jr. sped the proceeding by saying he
assumed that all the defendants were pleading not guilty and asking for a jury
trial. Their lawyers nodded agreement.

At a news conference in Washington earlier today Mr. LaRouche called the
indictment ''a heap of garbage'' and asserted: ''I'm certainly not guilty.''

'Dirty Trick'

''This is purely a political stunt,'' said Mr. LaRouche, 66 years old, an
independent candidate for President who is campaigning in 12 states and the
District of Columbia. ''Nebulous charges never occur this close to an election
except as a dirty trick.''

Mr. LaRouche was indicted Friday on 13 counts of mail fraud, conspiracy to
commit mail fraud and conspiracy to defraud the Internal Revenue Service.
Conviction on all counts carries a possible prison term of 65 years and fines of
$3.25 million.

Six of his associates also were charged and would face lesser sentences if
convicted. The grand jury said the defendants had raised more than $34 million
through loans to Mr. LaRouche's political and commercial groups from people
around the country between 1983 and 1987 with no intention of repaying them.

The indictment said Mr. LaRouche conspired to defraud the I.R.S. by having his
expenses paid by friends and groups associated with him. It added that he had
not filed a federal income tax return since at least 1979.

United States Attorney Henry Hudson said Friday that Mr. LaRouche was being
treated like any other citizen accused of a crime.

The seven defendants were all released on their own personal recognizance but
pledged to pay $5,000 if they failed to appear for court dates.

Judge Bryan allowed them unlimited travel in the United States and abroad so
long as they informed the court clerk in advance. Assistant United States
Attorney Kent Robinson had objected to international travel but was overruled.

An earlier Federal trial of Mr. LaRouche and other associates in Boston ended in
a mistrial because jurors objected to the length of the case. The Boston case is
scheduled for retrial in January.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company


                             860 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                           January 26, 2017 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Voter fraud claims may be a test for Sessions;
As Trump's attorney general, he has said he would 'tell the president 'no' if he
over- reaches'

BYLINE: Kevin Johnson, USA TODAY

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 597 words


If President Trump follows through on his call for an inquiry into
unsubstantiated claims of massive voter fraud, the request would likely land on
the desk of a man whose own history of pursuing such allegations continues to
shadow his public record.

Alabama Sen. Jeff Sessions, who is awaiting likely confirmation as Trump's
attorney general, was forced to defend himself earlier this month during Senate
hearings on his nomination for the failed, racially charged prosecution of three
black activists more than 30 years ago.

In that case, Sessions, then the chief federal prosecutor in Mobile, Ala.,
charged Albert Turner Sr., his wife, Evelyn Turner, and Spencer Hogue with
tampering with absentee ballots in a September 1984 primary election.

All three were quickly acquitted in a case that raised the specter of voter
intimidation and later helped sink Sessions' previous bid for a federal
judgeship.

Directly addressing those claims before the Senate Judiciary Committee this
month, Sessions called the assertions "false." The Turners' son, Albert Turner
Jr., ultimately issued an endorsement of nominee, but his surviving mother,
Evelyn Turner, said Sessions' nomination had only served to re-open a deep
wound.

"It feels like (the prosecution) is happening all over again," she told USA
TODAY.

If Sessions  is confirmed, Trump's claim may prove to be the first test of the
senator's pledge earlier this month to not be "a mere rubber-stamp to any idea
the president has."

"The office of the attorney general of the United States is not a political
position, and anyone who holds it must have total fidelity to the laws and the
constitution of the United States," Sessions told the Senate panel. "He or she
must be committed to following the law. He or she must be willing to tell the
president 'no' if he overreaches."

Sessions has been unavailable for comment while his confirmation is pending.

Myrna Pérez, director of the Voting Rights and Elections Project at the Brennan
Center for Justice at New York University School of Law, said the
"unsubstantiated allegations are harmful."

"Voter fraud and threats of voter fraud have been used throughout this country's
history ... to justify policies that don't make our elections more secure and
suppress voters," Pérez said.

Sen. Diane Feinstein, D-Calif., the ranking Democrat on the Senate Judiciary
Committee, called Trump's fraud assertion "absolute nonsense."

"There is simply no evidence of widespread voter fraud in this country. Period,"
Feinstein said. "It's important that we not lose sight of the context in which
President Trump has aired his conspiracy theories. There has been a sustained
effort across the country -- rooted in similar conspiracies about voter fraud --
to make it harder for Americans to vote."

The interim leadership of the Justice Department, which would investigate
violations of the federal voting rights laws, declined comment Wednesday on the
president's call for an inquiry and his assertion that as many as 5 million
illegal immigrants voted in the general election.

Before Election Day, the Justice Department deployed more than 500 people to 28
states to monitor voting.

In the aftermath of the election, Justice officials announced no major incidents
of voter fraud, let alone mass numbers of undocumented immigrants attempting to
vote.

Yet allegations of voter fraud have proved to be contentious issues at Justice
in the past.

In the politically charged purge of nine U.S. attorneys during the George W.
Bush administration complaints about unaddressed incidents of voter fraud
figured prominently.

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo Molly Riley, AP

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2017 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             861 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 17, 2015 Tuesday

Washington: Columbus Businessman Charged in Financial Fraud Scheme

LENGTH: 380  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

A federal grand jury has charged David H. DeMathews, 62, of Columbus, with wire
fraud, money laundering, engaging in monetary transactions in property derived
from unlawful activity, mail fraud and possessing a firearm as a convicted felon
in a 39-count indictment unsealed today.

Carter M. Stewart, United States Attorney for the Southern District of Ohio and
Angela L. Byers, Special Agent in Charge, Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI),
Cincinnati Field Division, announced the indictment returned March 3.

The indictment alleges that DeMathews used his positions as Director of National
Accounts and Executive Vice President of American Escrow and Title Services,
Inc. and President of DEMCO Advisory Corporation to execute a financial fraud
scheme.

DeMathews allegedly told some victims he would invest their money in the
construction of multi-million dollar buildings that were supposed to generate
repayment to the investors. He allegedly promised some victims he would invest
their money in Starbucks franchise opportunities in Central America, hospital
projects in Panama and Nicaragua and a water treatment plant in Florida.

"None of the business ventures were ever consummated and no legitimate income
was ever generated," Assistant United States Attorney Jessica Kim told the
court. "Rather than invest the money, DeMathews used it for personal use or to
partially pay other investors."

DeMathews received approximately $911,000 for the purpose of executing his
scheme.

Wire fraud, money laundering and mail fraud are crimes punishable by up to 20
years in prison and a $250,000 fine. Engaging in monetary transactions in
property derived from a specified unlawful activity and possession of a firearm
by a convicted felon carry a maximum sentence 10 years in prison and a $250,000
fine.

U.S. Attorney Stewart commended the investigation of this case by the FBI, and
Assistant United States Attorney Jessica Kim, who is prosecuting the case.

An indictment merely contains allegations, and the defendant is presumed
innocent unless proven guilty in a court of law.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com


LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             862 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 16, 2015 Monday

Washington: Columbus Businessman Charged in Financial Fraud Scheme

LENGTH: 380  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

A federal grand jury has charged David H. DeMathews, 62, of Columbus, with wire
fraud, money laundering, engaging in monetary transactions in property derived
from unlawful activity, mail fraud and possessing a firearm as a convicted felon
in a 39-count indictment unsealed today.

Carter M. Stewart, United States Attorney for the Southern District of Ohio and
Angela L. Byers, Special Agent in Charge, Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI),
Cincinnati Field Division, announced the indictment returned March 3.

The indictment alleges that DeMathews used his positions as Director of National
Accounts and Executive Vice President of American Escrow and Title Services,
Inc. and President of DEMCO Advisory Corporation to execute a financial fraud
scheme.

DeMathews allegedly told some victims he would invest their money in the
construction of multi-million dollar buildings that were supposed to generate
repayment to the investors. He allegedly promised some victims he would invest
their money in Starbucks franchise opportunities in Central America, hospital
projects in Panama and Nicaragua and a water treatment plant in Florida.

"None of the business ventures were ever consummated and no legitimate income
was ever generated," Assistant United States Attorney Jessica Kim told the
court. "Rather than invest the money, DeMathews used it for personal use or to
partially pay other investors."

DeMathews received approximately $911,000 for the purpose of executing his
scheme.

Wire fraud, money laundering and mail fraud are crimes punishable by up to 20
years in prison and a $250,000 fine. Engaging in monetary transactions in
property derived from a specified unlawful activity and possession of a firearm
by a convicted felon carry a maximum sentence 10 years in prison and a $250,000
fine.

U.S. Attorney Stewart commended the investigation of this case by the FBI, and
Assistant United States Attorney Jessica Kim, who is prosecuting the case.

An indictment merely contains allegations, and the defendant is presumed
innocent unless proven guilty in a court of law.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com


LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             863 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                               May 9, 2010 Sunday
                                ADVANCE Edition

Mortgage fraud flourishes

BYLINE: By Al Heavens; Inquirer Columnist

SECTION: REAL ESTATE; P-com Marketplace Real Estate; Pg. J01

LENGTH: 645 words



With fewer loans being made, you'd think mortgage fraud would be virtually
nonexistent.

Yet recent data from the Lexis-Nexis Mortgage Asset Research Institute in
Chicago show that the incidence of fraud in 2009 increased 7 percentage points
over 2008's levels. In 2008, fraud reports rose 26 percentage points from the
previous year.

The institute collects and provides data - suspicious-activities reports, or
SARS - to subscribers, including mortgage lenders. If you want to compare
numbers, there were 67,190 such reports collected in 2009, compared with 63,713
in 2008, and 46,717 in 2007.

The 2009 increase was small, but officials say they believe a lot of scam
artists are going high-tech.

"Technology has provided fraudsters with the ability to access information,
conduct criminal activities and remain anonymous via the Internet, and
manipulate processes that rely on the need for expediency," said the institute's
Jennifer Butts.

"Although technology is an enabler of fraud perpetration, for the scammer there
must be a system to beat and/or a victim to manipulate," she said.

Scammers operate "ahead of the fraud curve," she said, meaning that agencies
with mandates to root them out may not even be aware of the activities.

I've stopped counting the number of people I've written about who have tried to
extricate themselves from financial trouble via "help" found on the Internet.

It's enough to say that this is an indicator of how desperate people are in
these tough economic times.

Farah Jiminez, executive director of Mount Airy USA, the counseling agency in
Northwest Philadelphia, has a client who, while trying to avert foreclosure,
paid more than $5,000 to not just one out-of-state scam artist, but two.

The client is being "counseled by us at a cost of $450 - a fee we charge, not to
the client, but against a state and federal grant," Jiminez said. "I wish we
were getting paid what these scammers earn. We'd be able to add staff and serve
a lot more victims."

The government has been stepping in, albeit belatedly, to try to make lenders
and everyone else more accountable for their practices.

The most proactive group appears to be investors in mortgage-backed securities,
who are requiring full disclosure from lenders on the loans in the packages they
are buying, as well as requiring any losses through foreclosures to be, at the
least, shared.

In light of the unprecedented level of foreclosures, it should come as no
surprise that appraisal fraud was on the increase last year, too.

"The effects are compounded in declining markets," said Darius Bozorgi,
president of Veros Software Inc., of Santa Ana, Calif., which tracks such data.

What he means is that states such as Florida and California or those in the
Midwest, where values have plummeted, have a higher incidence of appraisal fraud
than other areas do.

Butts, of the Mortgage Asset Research Institute, said the most prevalent types
of appraisal fraud and misrepresentation for loans originated in 2009 involved
incorrect or fabricated comparables, omitted information, and value inflation.

Does this surprise anyone?

"Not at all," said Mayfair real estate broker Christopher J. Artur. "I have seen
some high sale prices even in this market, which will lead to even more
defaults."

Fraud and misrepresentation in the mortgage industry helped facilitate the
economic crisis, and there are "new forms of collusion and opportunistic
scamming" today, Butts said.

The solution is "back to basics," she said. "Don't just trust, verify. If
information results in uncertainty, trust your instincts and stop. Pay
attention."

Inquirer real estate writer Alan J. Heavens is the author of "Remodeling on the
Money" (Kaplan Publishing). His home improvement column appears Fridays in Home
& Design. "On the House" appears Sundays in The Inquirer. Contact Alan J.
Heavens at 215-854-2472 or aheavens@phillynews.com.


LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2010 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             864 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                            January 23, 2007 Tuesday

Pension payouts for convicted members of Congress

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 341 words


Some former lawmakers convicted of serious crimes, and estimates of their
possible congressional pensions.

The estimates, calculated by the National Taxpayers' Union, assume convicted
members are married, participated in the plan and choose to defer a certain
amount of their pensions so their spouses can receive benefits after the members
die. The NTU, an advocacy group, said its calculations also assume that
lawmakers enrolled in the system at the beginning of congressional service.



Figures are payment estimates for 2006 unless otherwise noted.


     ·    Rep. Bob Ney, R-Ohio, eligible for $29,000 in 2016. Convicted of
          bribery and other charges in 2006.Rep. Duke Cunningham, R-Calif.,
          $64,000. Convicted of bribery in 2005.Rep. John Rowland, R-Conn,
          $8,400 in 2019. Convicted of official corruption in 2004 while serving
          of the governor of Connecticut.Rep. James Traficant, D-Ohio, $40,000.
          Convicted of numerous corruption charges in 2002.Rep. Austin J.
          Murphy, D-Pa., $78,000. Convicted of voter fraud in 1999.Rep. Mary
          Rose Oakar, D-Ohio, $54,000. Convicted of financial disclosure
          irregularities in 1998.Rep. Dan Rostenkowski, D-Ill., $126,000.
          Convicted of mail fraud in 1996.Rep. Joe Kolter, D-Pa., $47,000.
          Convicted of fraud and conspiracy in 1996.Rep. Carroll Hubbard, D-Ky.,
          $61,500. Convicted of fraud and corruption in 1994.Rep. Carl Perkins,
          D-Ky., eligible for $24,000 in 2016. Convicted of fraud in 1994.Rep.
          Larry Smith, D-Fla., $30,000. Convicted of tax evasion in 1994.Sen.
          David Durenberger, R-Minn., $86,000. Convicted of fraud in a 1994 plea
          bargain.Rep. Albert Bustamante, D-Texas, $23,000. Convicted of
          racketeering in 1993.Rep. Mario Biaggi, D-N.Y., $60,000. Convicted of
          mail fraud and bribery in 1988.Rep. Michael Myers, D-Pa., $8,000.
          Convicted of conspiracy and accepting unlawful gratuity in 1980.Rep.
          Frederick Richmond, D-N.Y., $29,000. Convicted of tax evasion and drug
          possession in 1982.Rep. John Murphy, D-N.Y., $79,000. Convicted of
          conspiracy and accepting unlawful gratuity in 1980.___Source: National
          Taxpayers' Union


LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2007 El Paso Times, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             865 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 16, 2016 Friday

Washington: Five Indicted For Fraud Against The U.S. Government And Other
Purchasers In \x93Made In The USA" Marketing Scheme

LENGTH: 419  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Department of Justice has issued the following news release:



 On Sept. 13, 2016, a federal grand jury in Greeneville returned an indictment
against Vincent Lee Ferguson, 65, of Knoxville, Tenn.; Matthew Lee Ferguson, 40,
of Lenoir City, Tenn.; Kerry Joseph Ferguson, 35, of Houston, Texas; Matthew
Harrison Martland, 32, of Knoxville, Tenn.; and Stephanie Lynn Kaemmerer, 44, of
Knoxville, Tenn., for wire fraud, conspiracy to commit wire fraud, major fraud
against the United States, and smuggling goods into the United States.



 These individuals appeared in court on Sept. 15, 2016 before U.S. Magistrate
Judge Clifton Corker and pleaded not guilty.  All were released on bond pending
trial, which has been set for Nov. 1, 2016, in U.S. District Court, in
Greeneville.

 If convicted, they all face a term of 20 years in prison as to each wire fraud
charge and smuggling charge, and up to 10 years in prison for the charge of
major fraud against the United States.  Additionally, they face fines of up to
$250,000 and up to three years of supervised release as to each count.  The
indictment also seeks forfeiture of approximately $8.1 million.

 Details of this conspiracy are included in the indictment on file with the U.S.
District Court, which alleges that these individuals, all of whom were
executives and management at Wellco Enterprises, Inc., conspired from December
2008 through August 2012 to defraud the United States government and other
purchasers through a scheme to fraudulently import military-style boots that
were made in China into the United States and then deceptively market and sell
those boots to the United States Armed Forces, government contractors, and the
general public as "Made in the USA," and as compliant with certain domestic
content preference laws, including the Trade Agreements Act and the Berry
Amendment.

 This indictment is the result of an investigation by Homeland Security
Investigations, the Defense Criminal Investigative Service, Air Force Office of
Special Investigation, General Services Administration Office of Inspector
General, and the Defense Contracts Audit Agency.  Assistant U.S. Attorney David
L. Gunn will represent the United States.

 Members of the public are reminded that an indictment constitutes only charges
and that every person is presumed innocent until his/her guilt has been proven
beyond a reasonable doubt.




 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             866 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 16, 2016 Friday

Washington: Five Indicted For Fraud Against The U.S. Government And Other
Purchasers In \x93Made In The USA" Marketing Scheme

LENGTH: 419  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Department of Justice has issued the following news release:



 On Sept. 13, 2016, a federal grand jury in Greeneville returned an indictment
against Vincent Lee Ferguson, 65, of Knoxville, Tenn.; Matthew Lee Ferguson, 40,
of Lenoir City, Tenn.; Kerry Joseph Ferguson, 35, of Houston, Texas; Matthew
Harrison Martland, 32, of Knoxville, Tenn.; and Stephanie Lynn Kaemmerer, 44, of
Knoxville, Tenn., for wire fraud, conspiracy to commit wire fraud, major fraud
against the United States, and smuggling goods into the United States.



 These individuals appeared in court on Sept. 15, 2016 before U.S. Magistrate
Judge Clifton Corker and pleaded not guilty.  All were released on bond pending
trial, which has been set for Nov. 1, 2016, in U.S. District Court, in
Greeneville.

 If convicted, they all face a term of 20 years in prison as to each wire fraud
charge and smuggling charge, and up to 10 years in prison for the charge of
major fraud against the United States.  Additionally, they face fines of up to
$250,000 and up to three years of supervised release as to each count.  The
indictment also seeks forfeiture of approximately $8.1 million.

 Details of this conspiracy are included in the indictment on file with the U.S.
District Court, which alleges that these individuals, all of whom were
executives and management at Wellco Enterprises, Inc., conspired from December
2008 through August 2012 to defraud the United States government and other
purchasers through a scheme to fraudulently import military-style boots that
were made in China into the United States and then deceptively market and sell
those boots to the United States Armed Forces, government contractors, and the
general public as "Made in the USA," and as compliant with certain domestic
content preference laws, including the Trade Agreements Act and the Berry
Amendment.

 This indictment is the result of an investigation by Homeland Security
Investigations, the Defense Criminal Investigative Service, Air Force Office of
Special Investigation, General Services Administration Office of Inspector
General, and the Defense Contracts Audit Agency.  Assistant U.S. Attorney David
L. Gunn will represent the United States.

 Members of the public are reminded that an indictment constitutes only charges
and that every person is presumed innocent until his/her guilt has been proven
beyond a reasonable doubt.




 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             867 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 13, 2014 Tuesday

Washington: Las Vegas Man Sentenced to More Than Seven Years in Fraud Scheme
That Caused Orange County Victims to Lose More Than $1 Million

LENGTH: 625  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

A man charged in separate federal fraud cases was sentenced today in the first
case to more than seven years in federal prison, announced André Birotte, Jr.,
the United States Attorney for the Central District of California, and Bill
Lewis, the Assistant Director in Charge of the FBI in Los Angeles.

Jonathan Glen Turner, 39, formerly of Las Vegas, was sentenced to by the
Honorable James V. Selna to 87 months in federal prison. Judge Selna also
ordered Turner to pay $1,563,577 in restitution, the estimated amount lost to
victims.

Turner was indicted in October 2009 by a federal grand jury in Orange County,
California, with two counts of mail fraud and two counts of wire fraud in
connection with the case, which is further described below. Following his trial
in United States District Court in Orange County, California, Turner was
convicted by a jury of all counts in the indictment on October 5, 2012.

During the period from January 2005 to June 2006, Turner operated companies
known as Absolute International and Oasis International Holdings in Las Vegas,
Nevada, and claimed to be in a position to import goods from Asia and then
resell the goods for a substantial profit to purchasing companies in the United
States.

Turner recruited investors and told them that their money would be used to
manufacture products in Asia and that their money would be secured by the goods
themselves or with insurance. Turner advised the investors that he would earn a
profit on the sale of the goods and that the sale would occur approximately
three to four months after the goods were manufactured and shipped to the United
States. Turner promised investors a particular rate of return or a specified
dollar amount on their investment.

Turner created fraudulent purchase orders from various companies for investors
to create the false impression that the products had already been ordered and
sold to companies in the United States. The investors relied on these documents,
believing them to be legitimate. Based on the assurances from Turner, investors
gave Turner funds to have products manufactured overseas. Turner concealed from
victim investors the fact that he did not have the goods manufactured, that the
goods were not insured, and that there were no actual buyers.

Instead of using the investors' funds as promised, Turner used the victims'
money for other ventures and used some of their money to make Ponzi-style
payments to investors that he described as profits. Turner also used investors'
funds to pay personal expenses and to withdraw large amounts of cash from the
company's bank accounts to fund his gambling habits at various casinos and adult
entertainment at various clubs in the Las Vegas area.

Turner recruited approximately 10 victim investors during the scheme, some of
whom reinvested with him on multiple occasions. Turner's victims deposited
approximately $2.6 million during the 18 month period he operated the scheme.
The estimated loss to victims was $1,563,577.

Turner, who served 16 months in federal prison for a similar scheme investigated
by the FBI's Dallas Division, is also scheduled to be sentenced for a separate
investment scheme that victimized Orange County residents, which he operated
while free on bail and living in Las Vegas during 2011 and 2012. Turner was
convicted in that that case in August 2013 and is scheduled to be sentenced on
July 21, 2014.

This case was investigated by the FBI's Orange County Resident Agency, part of
the Los Angeles Field Office of the FBI. Turner was prosecuted by the United
States Attorney's Office, Central District of California.

For more information please visit: http://www.fbi.gov


LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             868 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Mortgage Servicing News

                                  January 2013

Florida Moves to Top Spot For Mortgage Fraud Risk

BYLINE: Brad Finkelstein

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1 Vol. 17 No. 01

LENGTH: 657  words


Florida has moved ahead of Nevada as the state most at risk for mortgage fraud,
as improving conditions there make it once again ripe for this kind of activity,
the latest Interthinx quarterly report shows.

Overall risk nationwide has fallen by nearly 8% from the second quarter to its
lowest level observed in the past two years. For the most recent quarter, the
index was at 137, compared with 149 in the second quarter.

In part, explained Interthinx vice president of industry relations Ann Fulmer,
this is due to current market conditions.

Refinancings are less prone to fraudulent activity than purchase loans, and
recent application data from the Mortgage Bankers Association show refis are
still over 80% of new loan apps.

Other factors include the elimination of risky loan programs and improved
prevention and detection, she said.

"The important message here is that we should learn from our past mistakes and
when the market does pick up and we start to see more purchase volume, we need
to stay focused on prevention. We're going to have to stay focused on quality
going forward," Fulmer said. Florida has become a desirable market again as
prices have stabilized. The economic uncertainty created pent-up demand for
housing and there are a limited number of properties for sale.

According to the Florida Realtors, existing home sales in the state in October
were up 25% on a year-over-year basis.

The inventory of single-family homes and condos for sale in the state both were
at a 5.2-month supply. The Realtor group says a 5.5-month supply represents a
balanced market.

Fulmer compared the current situation in the state to the start of the last
boom/bust cycle back in 1996. "People are trying to catch the wave," she said.

Florida's index value is at 206, followed by Nevada at 205 and Arizona at 191.

Rock-bottom-priced housing is starting to disappear as short sales and
foreclosure sales diminish. Fulmer said she read an article which states the
discount for distressed properties to market value in both Phoenix and Las Vegas
is now at zero. This in turns means the window to purchase a property at a
discount is starting to close, which could be a contributing factor to fraud, as
South Florida shares characteristics with those two areas.

Another reason why fraud risk could be increasing in South Florida is that any
time there is a lot of transition in a market, there is more opportunity. For
example in Brooklyn, N.Y., Interthinx numbers showed an increase in fraud
activity which the company had a problem correlating until Fulmer read an
article which about the development of the Barclays Center, a new venue which
houses a professional basketball team and in the future, a pro hockey team.
There was additional development in that area.

Any time there is "an inkling" of property values rising, that increases fraud
risk, which is what is happening in Florida as well.

Nationwide, property valuation fraud risk is down 11% from 2Q12, continuing the
downward trend that began in early 2010 that has resulted in a decrease of 23%
over the last two years, said Interthinx.

As for future possibilities of fraud, Hurricane Sandy could open the opportunity
for those who are less scrupulous to try and game the system in areas affected
by the storm.

In these areas, "lenders are most vulnerable when it comes to representation of
conditions," especially when it comes to appraisals and valuations, Fulmer said.
It could take automated valuation models some time to catch up to current market
conditions.

But because the damage was so widespread, lenders are more aware of the market
vulnerabilities need to be careful when making loans in these areas.

"Once fraud gets a toehold in an area, the conditions somehow make it so that it
continues to be an area that attracts fraud risk. That is another good reason
[for lenders] to focus on prevention," she said, adding that regulators are now
sending the message that deterrence is key.

URL: http://www.mortgageservicingnews.com/

LOAD-DATE: January 2, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter

JOURNAL-CODE: MSN


                        Copyright 2013 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             869 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             National Mortgage News

                                December 3, 2012

Florida Moves to Top State for Mortgage Fraud Risk

BYLINE: Brad Finkelstein

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 8 Vol. 37 No. 11

LENGTH: 656  words


Florida has moved ahead of Nevada as the state most at risk for mortgage fraud,
as improving conditions there make it once again ripe for this kind of activity,
the latest Interthinx quarterly report shows.

Overall risk nationwide has fallen by nearly 8% from the second quarter to its
lowest level observed in the past two years. For the most recent quarter, the
index was at 137, compared with 149 in the second quarter.

In part, explained Interthinx vice president of industry relations Ann Fulmer,
this is due to current market conditions.

Refinancings are less prone to fraudulent activity than purchase loans, and
recent application data from the Mortgage Bankers Association show refis are
still over 80% of new loan apps.

Other factors include the elimination of risky loan programs and improved
prevention and detection, she said.

"The important message here is that we should learn from our past mistakes and
when the market does pick up and we start to see more purchase volume, we need
to stay focused on prevention. We're going to have to stay focused on quality
going forward," Fulmer said.

Florida has become a desirable market again as prices have stabilized. The
economic uncertainty created pent-up demand for housing and there are a limited
number of properties for sale.

According to the Florida Realtors, existing home sales in the state in October
were up 25% on a year-over-year basis.

The inventory of single-family homes and condos for sale in the state both were
at a 5.2-month supply. The Realtor group says a 5.5-month supply represents a
balanced market.

Fulmer compared the current situation in the state to the start of the last
boom/bust cycle back in 1996. "People are trying to catch the wave," she said.

Florida's index value is at 206, followed by Nevada at 205 and Arizona at 191.

Rock-bottom-priced housing is starting to disappear as short sales and
foreclosure sales diminish. Fulmer said she read an article which states the
discount for distressed properties to market value in both Phoenix and Las Vegas
is now at zero. This in turns means the window to purchase a property at a
discount is starting to close, which could be a contributing factor to fraud, as
South Florida shares characteristics with those two areas.

Another reason why fraud risk could be increasing in South Florida is that any
time there is a lot of transition in a market, there is more opportunity. For
example in Brooklyn, N.Y., Interthinx numbers showed an increase in fraud
activity which the company had a problem correlating until Fulmer read an
article which about the development of the Barclays Center, a new venue which
houses a professional basketball team and in the future, a pro hockey team.
There was additional development in that area.

Any time there is "an inkling" of property values rising, that increases fraud
risk, which is what is happening in Florida as well.

Nationwide, property valuation fraud risk is down 11% from 2Q12, continuing the
downward trend that began in early 2010 that has resulted in a decrease of 23%
over the last two years, said Interthinx.

As for future possibilities of fraud, Hurricane Sandy could open the opportunity
for those who are less scrupulous to try and game the system in areas affected
by the storm.

In these areas, "lenders are most vulnerable when it comes to representation of
conditions," especially when it comes to appraisals and valuations, Fulmer said.
It could take automated valuation models some time to catch up to current market
conditions.

But because the damage was so widespread, lenders are more aware of the market
vulnerabilities need to be careful when making loans in these areas.

"Once fraud gets a toehold in an area, the conditions somehow make it so that it
continues to be an area that attracts fraud risk.

"That is another good reason [for lenders] to focus on prevention," she said,
adding that regulators are now sending the message that deterrence is key.

URL: http://www.nationalmortgagenews.com//

LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NMN


                        Copyright 2012 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             870 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 Network World

                                  June 7, 1993

Local, long-haul carriers join to thwart toll fraud;
Aim is to secure password, calling card numbers.

BYLINE: By Bob Wallace, Senior Editor

SECTION: GLOBAL SERVICES; Pg. 21

LENGTH: 508 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, D.C.


A special task force of local and long-haul carriers is working to shield users
from toll fraud by making it tougher for hackers to use stolen pass codes and
calling card numbers.

The Toll Fraud Prevention Committee has clamped down on fraudulent international
calling and is currently working to eliminate bill-to-third-party calling --
hackers' two top means of committing toll fraud and defrauding users.

The committee comprises technicians from the Big Three, the regional Bell
holding companies, independents -- including GTE Telephone Operations -- and a
myriad of smaller telephone companies across the country.

"Our goal is to reduce telecom fraud," said Bill Sushon, cochairman of the
committee and a member of AT&T's government affairs unit. "Although we can't
totally prevent it, we can put a large dent in it."

The group finds solutions that are voluntarily implemented by its members and
are not subject to regulatory approval.

Some of the Toll Fraud Prevention Committee's first efforts were directed at
eliminating fraudulent calls made from overseas locations to pay phones in the
U.S.  -- a favorite practice of hackers.

Some committee members decided to utilize a specific single digit that appears
to an operator prior to the last four digits of the number called. This
indicates to the operator that the call is directed to a pay phone.

One of the committee's toughest challenges is thwarting hackers who steal
calling card numbers and then place calls to a remote pay phone using three-way
calling to bridge the call to its destination.

Hackers use this scheme to route calls through small towns, which helps them
from being located. AT&T admitted that carrier and law enforcement agencies
concentrate on deterring hackers who direct calls from big cities with large
immigrant populations, such as Los Angeles, Miami and New York, instead of rural
towns.

Innovative approaches

The group is exploring ways to use the prefix approach to solve that problem.

The committee has also attacked the toll fraud problem indirectly through a
marketing program designed to teach people how to minimize the chances of having
their calling card number stolen by so-called shoulder surfers, who watch people
dial calling card numbers in public places and sell the authorization code.

"We're telling folks not to speak their number loudly to an operator and to keep
an eye out for suspicious people with binoculars and video cameras that may be
looking over their shoulder," Sushon said.

Although the committee finds ways to eliminate hackers' means of committing toll
fraud, not members have the necessary funds to implement all the changes in
their networks. "It really depends on how big and expensive the fix is," Sushon
said. "Some telephone companies may not be able to afford to make their networks
fraud-proof."

The Toll Fraud Prevention Committee meets formally four times a year but is open
only to members, according to Sushon.  "Due to the sensitive nature of the
meetings, we keep them closed," he said.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1993 Network World, Inc.


                             871 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              August 17, 1983, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

Two Bullion Dealers Indicted

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section D; Page 15, Column 3; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 270 words

DATELINE: FORT LAUDERDALE, Fla., Aug. 16


William and James Alderdice, the two brothers who founded the now-closed
International Gold Bullion Exchange, were indicted today by a Federal grand jury
on 18 counts of conspiracy, mail fraud and wire fraud, the Federal Bureau of
Investigation announced.

The Alderdices are already being held in Broward County, in which Fort
Lauderdale is located, on charges of grand larceny and securities fraud brought
by New York State.

Florida authorities say the company, once the largest gold bullion dealer in the
United States, took in as much as $200 million from 25,000 customers for
precious metals it never delivered. The company had headquarters in Fort
Lauderdale and offices in Dallas and Los Angeles.

''Between November 1979 and April 1983, the company received more than $140
million from customers,'' said Dennis Erich, an F.B.I. spokesman, in a news
release announcing the indictment.

''During this period, however, the grand jury alleges that the Alderdices
engaged in a scheme to defraud the public through false representation and
promises,'' the statement said.

The Alderdices have been jailed in lieu of $500,000 bond each since July 14,
when they were arrested on behalf of New York authorities who had charged them
with 10 counts of second-degree grand larceny, 7 counts of third-degree grand
larceny and 17 counts of intentional engaging in fraudulent sales of securities.
They have denied those charges.

When the Federal indictment was announced today, the Alderdices were temporarily
out of jail, under escort, while searching their former headquarters for records
they said would help clear them.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1983 The New York Times Company


                             872 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 8, 2016 Monday

Corporate Tax Planning: Actual and Constructive Distributions

LENGTH: 204  words

DATELINE: New York



 Concord: Society of certified public accountants, The Staate of New Hampshire
has issued the following news release:





    August 17, 2016

    11:30AM -- 3:00 PM

    Location Webinar







        Member Price $120.00

        Non-member Price $188.00






       Curriculum Accounting & Audit



       Field of Interest



       Level Advanced



     Designed For

      Accountants experienced in auditing and wish to explore advanced fraud
topics.






     4.00 credits
    Add to Cart View Cart


<h2>
 Objective</h2>


  Recognize how frauds are perpetrated, situations that are susceptible to fraud
and the economic impact of fraud.

  Determine procedures to reduce risk of fraud.

  Recognize what to do if you find a fraud.

  Identify fraud terminology.

<h2>
 Highlights</h2>


  Update your fraud terminology

  Arson and fraud

  Real-life case studies

<h2>
 Instructors</h2>

<h2>
 Prerequisites</h2>
 Experience in auditing as independent and/or internal auditor.
<h2>
 Developer</h2>
 California Society of CPAs




 In case of any query regarding his article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             873 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 8, 2016 Monday

Corporate Tax Planning: Actual and Constructive Distributions

LENGTH: 204  words

DATELINE: New York



 Concord: Society of certified public accountants, The Staate of New Hampshire
has issued the following news release:





    August 17, 2016

    11:30AM -- 3:00 PM

    Location Webinar







        Member Price $120.00

        Non-member Price $188.00






       Curriculum Accounting & Audit



       Field of Interest



       Level Advanced



     Designed For

      Accountants experienced in auditing and wish to explore advanced fraud
topics.






     4.00 credits
    Add to Cart View Cart


<h2>
 Objective</h2>


  Recognize how frauds are perpetrated, situations that are susceptible to fraud
and the economic impact of fraud.

  Determine procedures to reduce risk of fraud.

  Recognize what to do if you find a fraud.

  Identify fraud terminology.

<h2>
 Highlights</h2>


  Update your fraud terminology

  Arson and fraud

  Real-life case studies

<h2>
 Instructors</h2>

<h2>
 Prerequisites</h2>
 Experience in auditing as independent and/or internal auditor.
<h2>
 Developer</h2>
 California Society of CPAs




 In case of any query regarding his article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             874 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Blade (Toledo, Ohio)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             April 19, 2016 Tuesday

BRIEF: Perrysburg man pleads guilty in fraud case

BYLINE: The Blade, Toledo, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 187 words


April 19--A Perrysburg man charged in a fraudulent home-loan modification scheme
pleaded guilty Monday to 14 criminal counts in U.S. District Court.

Christopher J. Howder, 38, pleaded guilty to conspiracy to commit mail and wire
fraud, six counts of mail fraud, and seven counts of wire fraud. Judge James
Carr accepted his pleas and told him sentencing would be held "not sooner than
18 weeks" from now.

Howder recounted for the court his involvement in Making Home Affordable USA and
other businesses that promised to help owners save their homes by renegotiating
their mortgages with lenders.

He said clients paid fees that were to go into escrow accounts, but admitted he
used the money for personal expenses, including support of a substance-abuse
problem.

At sentencing, Gene Crawford, an assistant U.S. attorney, said the government
would be seeking forfeiture of more than $40,000 seized during the investigation
as well as an unspecified amount of restitution for victims of the scheme.

___ (c)2016 The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) Visit The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) at
www.toledoblade.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: April 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160419-TO-BRF-Perrysburg-man-pleads-guilty-in-fraud-case-0419-20160419

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TO


                            Copyright 2016 The Blade


                             875 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          February 11, 2015 Wednesday

Oregon: Investigator 3 (Medicaid Fraud Investigator)

LENGTH: 370  words

DATELINE: Salem


The State of Oregon has issued the following Job release:

Job Code:  DOJ14-0018
Job Title:  Investigator 3 (Medicaid Fraud Investigator)
Opening Date/Time:  Mon. 02/10/15 12:00 AM Pacific Time
Closing Date/Time:  Thu. 02/20/15 11:59 PM Pacific Time
Salary:  $3,536.00 - $5,174.00 Monthly
$42,432.00 - $62,088.00 Annually
Job Type:  Permanent
Location:  Portland, Oregon
Agency:  Justice-Civil Enforcement Division


Description  Benefits  Supplemental Questions



The Oregon Department of Justice has an exciting opportunity available for a
knowledgeable and practiced investigator in the field of health care fraud
investigation and enforcement in Portland, Oregon.

Health care fraud enforcement is a national priority. The Medicare Fraud Unit
deters, investigates and prosecutes fraud by Medicaid providers and physical or
financial abuse/neglect of residents of Medicaid-funded facilities. As a
Medicaid Fraud Unit Investigator (Investigator 3) you will plan, organize and
conduct investigations of programs, businesses, offices, companies, and
individuals working as Medicaid-funded providers of goods and services, or those
in the long-term care industry.

This is a permanent, full-time position represented by a union (SEIU). Apply now
if you are interested. This recruitment will be used to establish a list of
qualified candidates to fill the current position and may be used to fill future
vacancies.

MAKE A DIFFERENCE!

The Department of Justice is dedicated to pursuing and achieving justice and
supporting healthy and safe communities throughout our state. Its 1,300
employees in eight divisions, including nearly 300 lawyers, are dedicated to the
rule of law and serving the people of Oregon and its government.

o Protecting and supporting families and children through child advocacy and
child support services;

o Protecting consumers - particularly our most vulnerable citizens - from
fraudulent schemes and other unlawful trade practices;

o Supporting our state's prosecutors and law enforcement efforts;

o Protecting and compensating victims of crime;

o Defending our citizens' civil rights;

o Protecting the environment;

o Upholding the rule of law.

For further information please visit: http://agency.governmentjobs.com/oregon/

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             876 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 11, 2014 Tuesday

Oregon: Investigator 3 (Medicaid Fraud Investigator)

LENGTH: 370  words

DATELINE: Salem


The State of Oregon has issued the following Job release:

Job Code:  DOJ14-0018
Job Title:  Investigator 3 (Medicaid Fraud Investigator)
Opening Date/Time:  Mon. 03/10/14 12:00 AM Pacific Time
Closing Date/Time:  Thu. 03/20/14 11:59 PM Pacific Time
Salary:  $3,536.00 - $5,174.00 Monthly
$42,432.00 - $62,088.00 Annually
Job Type:  Permanent
Location:  Portland, Oregon
Agency:  Justice-Civil Enforcement Division


Description  Benefits  Supplemental Questions



The Oregon Department of Justice has an exciting opportunity available for a
knowledgeable and practiced investigator in the field of health care fraud
investigation and enforcement in Portland, Oregon.

Health care fraud enforcement is a national priority. The Medicare Fraud Unit
deters, investigates and prosecutes fraud by Medicaid providers and physical or
financial abuse/neglect of residents of Medicaid-funded facilities. As a
Medicaid Fraud Unit Investigator (Investigator 3) you will plan, organize and
conduct investigations of programs, businesses, offices, companies, and
individuals working as Medicaid-funded providers of goods and services, or those
in the long-term care industry.

This is a permanent, full-time position represented by a union (SEIU). Apply now
if you are interested. This recruitment will be used to establish a list of
qualified candidates to fill the current position and may be used to fill future
vacancies.

MAKE A DIFFERENCE!

The Department of Justice is dedicated to pursuing and achieving justice and
supporting healthy and safe communities throughout our state. Its 1,300
employees in eight divisions, including nearly 300 lawyers, are dedicated to the
rule of law and serving the people of Oregon and its government.

o Protecting and supporting families and children through child advocacy and
child support services;

o Protecting consumers - particularly our most vulnerable citizens - from
fraudulent schemes and other unlawful trade practices;

o Supporting our state's prosecutors and law enforcement efforts;

o Protecting and compensating victims of crime;

o Defending our citizens' civil rights;

o Protecting the environment;

o Upholding the rule of law.

For further information please visit: http://agency.governmentjobs.com/oregon/

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             877 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                            April 3, 2013 Wednesday

Two Contra Costa County women indicted in mortgage fraud scheme

BYLINE: By Rick Hurd Contra Costa Times

SECTION: BREAKING; My Town; Crime; Contra Costa; News; Local

LENGTH: 243 words


SACRAMENTO -- Two Contra Costa County women were among seven people indicted by
a federal grand jury on charges stemming from a mortgage fraud scheme, the U.S.
Attorney's office announced Wednesday.

Elsie Pamela Fuller, 38, of Richmond, Leona Yeargin, 46, of San Pablo and five
others were charged with mail fraud, wire fraud and making false statements in a
scam that involved the purchase of at least 23 homes, said U.S. Attorney
Benjamin Wagner of the Eastern District of California. Fuller and Yeargin also
were charged with aggravated identity theft, Wagner said.

The indictment alleges that Aleksandr Kovalev, 50, of Rocklin, a real estate
developer who built and sold property, teamed with Arthur Chang Menefee, 42, of
Stockton, and Janice Riddick of Sacramento, both licensed real estate sellers,
to recruit straw buyers for residential properties. Those three, and two others
from outside the state, made cash incentive payments to the straw buyers and
concealed the payments from lenders.

Fuller, the indictment says, helped prepare loan applications that
misrepresented the assets of the straw buyers, and, with Yeargin, used the
identity of another individual without that person's knowledge in a bid to
purchase property from Kovalev as part of the scheme, Wagner said.

Fuller and Yeargin face a maximum penalty of 20 years in prison and a $250,000
fine for their part in the scheme.

Contact Rick Hurd at 925-945-4789 and follow him atTwitter.com/3rdERH .

LOAD-DATE: April 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             878 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                            April 3, 2013 Wednesday

Two Contra Costa County women indicted in mortgage fraud scheme

BYLINE: By Rick Hurd Contra Costa Times

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 243 words


SACRAMENTO -- Two Contra Costa County women were among seven people indicted by
a federal grand jury on charges stemming from a mortgage fraud scheme, the U.S.
Attorney's office announced Wednesday.

Elsie Pamela Fuller, 38, of Richmond, Leona Yeargin, 46, of San Pablo and five
others were charged with mail fraud, wire fraud and making false statements in a
scam that involved the purchase of at least 23 homes, said U.S. Attorney
Benjamin Wagner of the Eastern District of California. Fuller and Yeargin also
were charged with aggravated identity theft, Wagner said.

The indictment alleges that Aleksandr Kovalev, 50, of Rocklin, a real estate
developer who built and sold property, teamed with Arthur Chang Menefee, 42, of
Stockton, and Janice Riddick of Sacramento, both licensed real estate sellers,
to recruit straw buyers for residential properties. Those three, and two others
from outside the state, made cash incentive payments to the straw buyers and
concealed the payments from lenders.

Fuller, the indictment says, helped prepare loan applications that
misrepresented the assets of the straw buyers, and, with Yeargin, used the
identity of another individual without that person's knowledge in a bid to
purchase property from Kovalev as part of the scheme, Wagner said.

Fuller and Yeargin face a maximum penalty of 20 years in prison and a $250,000
fine for their part in the scheme.

Contact Rick Hurd at 925-945-4789 and follow him atTwitter.com/3rdERH .

LOAD-DATE: April 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             879 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                            April 21, 1992, Tuesday

INSURANCE BRIEFS

BYLINE: Wire and Staff Reports

SECTION: INSURANCE, Pg. 9A

LENGTH: 658 words


WORKERS COMP HIKE

SOUGHT IN GEORGIA

ATLANTA, Ga. - The National Council on Compensation Insurance (NCCI), Boca
Raton, Fla., has filed for a 33.6 percent increase in overall advisory workers
compensation rates with the Georgia Department of Insurance.

The rate increase would be effective on July 1, 1992, said NCCI Government,
Consumer and Industry Affairs Director J.S. Kennamer.

NCCI called for the enactment of House Bill 1679, which was passed by the
General Assembly but has not been signed into law.

"Our review concludes that this legislation would reduce system costs by 4.5
percent," Mr. Kennamer said.

He added that when signed, NCCI will amend its rate filing to ''appropriately
reflect these system costs savings, with appropriate documentation."

VAN-AMERICAN NAMED

NEWEST NAII MEMBER

DES PLAINES, Ill. - Van-American Insurance Co., Lexington, Ky., has been named
the newest member company of the National Association of Independent Insurers
here.

Van-American was incorporated on May 3, 1990 under the laws of Kentucky to write
fidelity and surety insurance.

KEMPER INTENSIFIES

ANTI-FRAUD EFFORTS

LONG GROVE, Ill. - Kemper National Insurance Cos. has begun intensifying its
efforts to fight insurance fraud.

Its seven-part program now includes a $ 2,500 reward for information on fraud;
hiring a special fraud investigations manager, who will oversee anti- fraud
efforts with a concentration in California, and a beefed-up education program
for claims representatives, according to C. David Sullivan, Kemper National's
senior vice president in charge of claims.

The program also includes fraud-fighting seminars for employees, agents and
policyholders, and more of an involvement with anti-fraud organizations such as
the National Insurance Crime Bureau in Palos Hills, Ill., Mr. Sullivan said.

S&P RAISES RATING

FOR AGC SUBSIDIARY

HOUSTON - American General Corp.'s retirement annuity subsidiary, Variable
Annuity Life Insurance Co., was upgraded last week to AAA by Standard & Poor's,
New York.

In raising the rating from AA-plus, S&P noted Valic's "excellent market
position, solid earnings performance, above-average liquidity and strengthened
capitalization."

The rating service also pointed out the company's "quality of investments is
very high, and the company has a good discipline in asset/liability management."

Valic is "strategically important" to American General because it provides it
with "excellent earnings diversification."

ALEXANDER FORMS UNIT

FOR ROCKIES DIVISION

DENVER - Alexander & Alexander Services, New York, has established a
construction unit here as part of a newly-formed Rocky Mountain Construction
Division.

The new division centralizes the company's insurance, surety, loss control, risk
management and claims settlement services for the regional construction
industry, said Kevin Reed, managing vice president of A&A operations in Denver
and Albuquerque.

The construction division will be headed by Joe Godin, manager of Business
Development in Denver. Also working out of that office will be George Coen, a
former general contractor and project manager, and Larry Donahue, former branch
manager of a leading surety bond company.

TRAVELERS CHIEF URGES

CAUTIOUS LEGISLATION

WASHINGTON - The United States has the technology to reduce the administrative
costs of health care drastically by creating a paper-free system, but "it is
important that the Congress resist the impulse to legislate prematurely," an
insurance company executive recently told a congressional subcommittee.

Joseph T. Brophy, president of Managed Care and Employee Benefits Operations for
Travelers Corp. of Hartford, Conn., told the House Ways and Means Health
Subcommittee here that there is a need for one standard that companies and the
government can agree upon for creating a state-of-the-art system of
administering health care.

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

EDITOR-NOTE: INSURANCE BRIEFS

                  Copyright 1992 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                             880 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   January 8, 1992, Wednesday, Final Edition

Insurance Industry Moves to Fight Fraud;
Agency Formed to Aid Enforcement Officials

Albert B. Crenshaw, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FINANCIAL; PAGE D9

LENGTH: 705 words


Beset by steadily rising fraud losses, the nation's automobile and property
insurers yesterday announced the formation of a new agency designed to help
law-enforcement officials track down and prosecute insurance cheats.

The National Insurance Crime Bureau, formed by a combination of the National
Automobile Theft Bureau and Insurance Crime Prevention Institute, will have a
budget of $ 30 million and a huge computerized database that will be linked
directly to the FBI's computer system.

In addition, the NICB will employ a small force of investigators and will help
train others employed by individual companies. Currently, officials estimate,
companies spend about $ 100 million a year combating fraud.

A major problem, according to NICB President Arnold Schlossberg Jr., is that
despite the vast sums involved and despite the fact that lawyers, doctors and
other professionals are sometimes involved, overworked local law enforcement
agencies place a low priority on stopping insurance fraud.

With all the violence and drug crimes, "the truth is, they don't have the money
or the resources even to go out and investigate this stuff," Schlossberg said.
"Therefore, we've hired a bunch of folks ... to do the investigation, put it in
a box with a yellow bow on it and try to get the police and the prosecutors to
show an interest in it."

Even then, however, local authorities are sometimes reluctant to tie up the
courts, Schlossberg added. "They say, 'gee, that's between the insurance
industry and an individual.' "

Some 700 property-casualty insurance companies are supporting the new agency.

Insurance fraud has been growing explosively, according to industry figures.

In big cities like New York, Washington and Los Angeles, insurers estimate that
fully 10 percent of all auto insurance claims are either highly inflated or
completely fraudulent. Nationally, an industry group estimates that 15 percent
of all vehicle theft reports are fake.

In California and some other states, 10 percent of all property-casualty claims
are believed to be false or padded, the industry said.

In all, such fake or inflated claims cost the insurers more than $ 17 billion
last year, adding on average more than $ 100 to the auto and homeowner insurance
premiums of residents in many jurisdictions, according to industry figures.

Schlossberg said his best guess is that about half the fraud is committed by
amateurs either picking up extra money on a legitimate claim or doing a small
number of jobs with the help of friends and relatives. The rest are committed by
professional rings that include crooked doctors, lawyers, repair shops and
others.

Schlossberg said there is a case currently under investigation that seems to
involve 1,000 lawyers and 166 doctors. And he noted that professionals are hard
to catch, particularly lawyers who insulate themselves with go-betweens and
middlemen.

Patterns of behavior are a key to breaking these rings, Schlossberg said, noting
that it generally takes five claims to put together one fraud case.

But successes do occur, he said.

Accompanying industry officials for yesterday's announcement was Louis Orlando,
35, whose brief career as an insurance fraud artist came to an end last year
when he was turned in by associates who were nabbed in a sting and cooperated
with authorities.

Orlando described helping out a friend who had bought a boat but found he
couldn't afford the payments. "I said, 'Well, we could run over it,' " Orlando
recalled yesterday. So the two put the boat on a trailer and staged a traffic
accident in which the boat was demolished. The friend collected $ 5,000 in
insurance money and his problem was solved.

Orlando's problem, however, was just beginning. Figuring he was onto a way to
make money, the Myrtle Beach, S.C., man helped stage some five other car
accidents, destroying thousands of dollars' worth of vehicles to help the owners
collect on their insurance.

As a result of the sting, he now faces 15 months in prison plus three years'
probation and a stretch of community service.

But Orlando counted himself lucky: Indicted on three counts, he could have been
given as much as 15 years in prison. "I got a fair deal," he said.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

GRAPHIC: CHART, COST OF FRAUD (DATA FROM CHART WAS UNAVAILABLE.), TWP

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS

                       Copyright 1992 The Washington Post


                             881 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                    September 8, 1987, Tuesday, City Edition

Coin dealer gets probation in fraud

BYLINE: JOSHUA L. WEINSTEIN

SECTION: CITY TIMES AND INDEPENDENT; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 407 words



The Morgan silver dollars that Lee Skipwith III offered had a    money-back
guarantee, the advertisement said, "if you return coins by    insured mail."

     The catch: you can't return what you never get.

     Skipwith, who advertised the coins in out-of-state newspapers for    far
below market price, never sent them, according to an investigation    by the
Tampa division of the U.S. Postal Inspection Service. He didn't    pay for the
eight newspaper advertisements in which he offered them,    either, according to
the investigation.

     Skipwith was the operator of Southern Monetary Services in Pinellas
Park. He offered the coins - "Better Than Gold" - for $ 16.95 each,    plus $
2.50 postage, handling and insurance. Prices dropped as    quantities increased,
"with a maximum purchase of 20 coins," the ad    read. "Florida residents add 5
percent sales tax."

     He pleaded guilty to mail fraud Sept. 3.

     U.S. District Court Judge William Castagna of Tampa sentenced    Skipwith
to five years probation and ordered him to pay back $ 13,600.

     Skipwith ran the scheme from April to August 1983, according to    court
records filed by Terry A. Zitek, assistant U.S. attorney and    chief of the
criminal division.

     "Mr. Skipwith, in fact, never intended to fulfill the    representations
made in the advertisements; rather, he intended, and    did, retain monies sent
in response to the advertisements and failed to    provide purchasers with any
coins," Zitek wrote.

     In the advertisements, Skipwith promised certificates "attesting    to the
silver content of each coin" and said the low price "is    possible because of
shrewd search and purchasing efforts by our    professional buyers."

     The ads ran in newspapers in Hot Springs, Ark.; Meridian, Miss.;

 Tupelo, Miss.; Owosso, Mich.; Elyria, Ohio; Centralia, Ill.; Florence,    S.C.;

 and Huntsville, Ala.        Morgan silver dollars were minted between 1878 and
1921. Their    silver content is 0.77344 troy ounces. According to a 1982
edition of    "Edmund's U.S. Coin Prices," a Morgan silver dollar in perfect
condition that was minted in 1878 would be worth about $ 6,000, while    one in
perfect condition minted in 1921 would be worth about $ 1,150.



LOAD-DATE: November 19, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: CITY TIMES AND INDEPENDENT; TAMPA; NORTH PINELLAS TIMES

                            Times Publishing Company


                             882 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 28, 2015 Saturday

Washington: Former Florida Realtor Indicted on Conspiracy and Bank Fraud Charges

LENGTH: 455  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

United States Attorney A. Lee Bentley, III announces the unsealing of an
indictment charging Joseph Pasquale (38, Worcester, MA) with one count of
mortgage fraud conspiracy involving bank fraud and two counts of bank fraud. He
faces a maximum penalty of 30 years' imprisonment for each count. The indictment
also notifies Pasquale that the United States is seeking a money judgment for
the proceeds of the mortgage fraud conspiracy.

According to the indictment and court proceedings, in 2005, entities controlled
by co-conspirators entered into a contract to purchase The Arbors, an apartment
complex in Hillsborough County. The new owners of The Arbors then engaged in a
plan to convert the complex from rental apartments to condominium units.

Pasquale's co-conspirator, Brenden Bolger, aided the developers in the sale of
numerous condominium units at The Arbors through his company, Capital Management
Guarantee, LLC. In order to induce buyers to purchase units, Bolger created an
addendum to the purchase contract that offered buyers various incentives, such
as rental supplements, money to defray maintenance costs, and a design credit to
upgrade the unit's amenities. When the buyers cancelled the design credit within
10 days of signing the addendum, Bolger paid a kickback for the amount of the
design credit to the buyer from Capital Management's bank account. In this
manner, Bolger, Pasquale, and other co-conspirators failed to disclose to
buyers' mortgage lenders material facts about the financing of the sale of The
Arbors condominium units.

Pasquale's alleged role in the conspiracy consisted of marketing The Arbors
units. He did so by promising buyers closing cash and undisclosed incentives,
providing closing cash to borrowers who purchased units, facilitating the
payment of kickbacks to his clients via Capital Management Guarantee, and
facilitating the submission of false loan applications to FDIC insured financial
institutions.

Bolger previously pleaded guilty for his role in this scheme. He is scheduled to
be sentenced on June 22, 2015.

An indictment is merely a formal charge that a defendant has committed a
violation of one or more federal criminal laws, and every defendant is presumed
innocent unless, and until, proven guilty.

This case was investigated by the Federal Bureau of Investigation and the
Federal Housing Finance Agency, Office of Inspector General. It is being
prosecuted by Special Assistant United States Attorney Chris Poor and Assistant
United States Attorney Jay Hoffer.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com


LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             883 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 28, 2015 Saturday

Washington: Former Florida Realtor Indicted on Conspiracy and Bank Fraud Charges

LENGTH: 455  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

United States Attorney A. Lee Bentley, III announces the unsealing of an
indictment charging Joseph Pasquale (38, Worcester, MA) with one count of
mortgage fraud conspiracy involving bank fraud and two counts of bank fraud. He
faces a maximum penalty of 30 years' imprisonment for each count. The indictment
also notifies Pasquale that the United States is seeking a money judgment for
the proceeds of the mortgage fraud conspiracy.

According to the indictment and court proceedings, in 2005, entities controlled
by co-conspirators entered into a contract to purchase The Arbors, an apartment
complex in Hillsborough County. The new owners of The Arbors then engaged in a
plan to convert the complex from rental apartments to condominium units.

Pasquale's co-conspirator, Brenden Bolger, aided the developers in the sale of
numerous condominium units at The Arbors through his company, Capital Management
Guarantee, LLC. In order to induce buyers to purchase units, Bolger created an
addendum to the purchase contract that offered buyers various incentives, such
as rental supplements, money to defray maintenance costs, and a design credit to
upgrade the unit's amenities. When the buyers cancelled the design credit within
10 days of signing the addendum, Bolger paid a kickback for the amount of the
design credit to the buyer from Capital Management's bank account. In this
manner, Bolger, Pasquale, and other co-conspirators failed to disclose to
buyers' mortgage lenders material facts about the financing of the sale of The
Arbors condominium units.

Pasquale's alleged role in the conspiracy consisted of marketing The Arbors
units. He did so by promising buyers closing cash and undisclosed incentives,
providing closing cash to borrowers who purchased units, facilitating the
payment of kickbacks to his clients via Capital Management Guarantee, and
facilitating the submission of false loan applications to FDIC insured financial
institutions.

Bolger previously pleaded guilty for his role in this scheme. He is scheduled to
be sentenced on June 22, 2015.

An indictment is merely a formal charge that a defendant has committed a
violation of one or more federal criminal laws, and every defendant is presumed
innocent unless, and until, proven guilty.

This case was investigated by the Federal Bureau of Investigation and the
Federal Housing Finance Agency, Office of Inspector General. It is being
prosecuted by Special Assistant United States Attorney Chris Poor and Assistant
United States Attorney Jay Hoffer.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com


LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             884 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 28, 2015 Saturday

Washington: Former Florida Realtor Indicted on Conspiracy and Bank Fraud Charges

LENGTH: 455  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

United States Attorney A. Lee Bentley, III announces the unsealing of an
indictment charging Joseph Pasquale (38, Worcester, MA) with one count of
mortgage fraud conspiracy involving bank fraud and two counts of bank fraud. He
faces a maximum penalty of 30 years' imprisonment for each count. The indictment
also notifies Pasquale that the United States is seeking a money judgment for
the proceeds of the mortgage fraud conspiracy.

According to the indictment and court proceedings, in 2005, entities controlled
by co-conspirators entered into a contract to purchase The Arbors, an apartment
complex in Hillsborough County. The new owners of The Arbors then engaged in a
plan to convert the complex from rental apartments to condominium units.

Pasquale's co-conspirator, Brenden Bolger, aided the developers in the sale of
numerous condominium units at The Arbors through his company, Capital Management
Guarantee, LLC. In order to induce buyers to purchase units, Bolger created an
addendum to the purchase contract that offered buyers various incentives, such
as rental supplements, money to defray maintenance costs, and a design credit to
upgrade the unit's amenities. When the buyers cancelled the design credit within
10 days of signing the addendum, Bolger paid a kickback for the amount of the
design credit to the buyer from Capital Management's bank account. In this
manner, Bolger, Pasquale, and other co-conspirators failed to disclose to
buyers' mortgage lenders material facts about the financing of the sale of The
Arbors condominium units.

Pasquale's alleged role in the conspiracy consisted of marketing The Arbors
units. He did so by promising buyers closing cash and undisclosed incentives,
providing closing cash to borrowers who purchased units, facilitating the
payment of kickbacks to his clients via Capital Management Guarantee, and
facilitating the submission of false loan applications to FDIC insured financial
institutions.

Bolger previously pleaded guilty for his role in this scheme. He is scheduled to
be sentenced on June 22, 2015.

An indictment is merely a formal charge that a defendant has committed a
violation of one or more federal criminal laws, and every defendant is presumed
innocent unless, and until, proven guilty.

This case was investigated by the Federal Bureau of Investigation and the
Federal Housing Finance Agency, Office of Inspector General. It is being
prosecuted by Special Assistant United States Attorney Chris Poor and Assistant
United States Attorney Jay Hoffer.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com


LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             885 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 27, 2015 Friday

Washington: Former Florida Realtor Indicted on Conspiracy and Bank Fraud Charges

LENGTH: 455  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

United States Attorney A. Lee Bentley, III announces the unsealing of an
indictment charging Joseph Pasquale (38, Worcester, MA) with one count of
mortgage fraud conspiracy involving bank fraud and two counts of bank fraud. He
faces a maximum penalty of 30 years' imprisonment for each count. The indictment
also notifies Pasquale that the United States is seeking a money judgment for
the proceeds of the mortgage fraud conspiracy.

According to the indictment and court proceedings, in 2005, entities controlled
by co-conspirators entered into a contract to purchase The Arbors, an apartment
complex in Hillsborough County. The new owners of The Arbors then engaged in a
plan to convert the complex from rental apartments to condominium units.

Pasquale's co-conspirator, Brenden Bolger, aided the developers in the sale of
numerous condominium units at The Arbors through his company, Capital Management
Guarantee, LLC. In order to induce buyers to purchase units, Bolger created an
addendum to the purchase contract that offered buyers various incentives, such
as rental supplements, money to defray maintenance costs, and a design credit to
upgrade the unit's amenities. When the buyers cancelled the design credit within
10 days of signing the addendum, Bolger paid a kickback for the amount of the
design credit to the buyer from Capital Management's bank account. In this
manner, Bolger, Pasquale, and other co-conspirators failed to disclose to
buyers' mortgage lenders material facts about the financing of the sale of The
Arbors condominium units.

Pasquale's alleged role in the conspiracy consisted of marketing The Arbors
units. He did so by promising buyers closing cash and undisclosed incentives,
providing closing cash to borrowers who purchased units, facilitating the
payment of kickbacks to his clients via Capital Management Guarantee, and
facilitating the submission of false loan applications to FDIC insured financial
institutions.

Bolger previously pleaded guilty for his role in this scheme. He is scheduled to
be sentenced on June 22, 2015.

An indictment is merely a formal charge that a defendant has committed a
violation of one or more federal criminal laws, and every defendant is presumed
innocent unless, and until, proven guilty.

This case was investigated by the Federal Bureau of Investigation and the
Federal Housing Finance Agency, Office of Inspector General. It is being
prosecuted by Special Assistant United States Attorney Chris Poor and Assistant
United States Attorney Jay Hoffer.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com


LOAD-DATE: March 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             886 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 27, 2015 Friday

Washington: Former Florida Realtor Indicted on Conspiracy and Bank Fraud Charges

LENGTH: 455  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

United States Attorney A. Lee Bentley, III announces the unsealing of an
indictment charging Joseph Pasquale (38, Worcester, MA) with one count of
mortgage fraud conspiracy involving bank fraud and two counts of bank fraud. He
faces a maximum penalty of 30 years' imprisonment for each count. The indictment
also notifies Pasquale that the United States is seeking a money judgment for
the proceeds of the mortgage fraud conspiracy.

According to the indictment and court proceedings, in 2005, entities controlled
by co-conspirators entered into a contract to purchase The Arbors, an apartment
complex in Hillsborough County. The new owners of The Arbors then engaged in a
plan to convert the complex from rental apartments to condominium units.

Pasquale's co-conspirator, Brenden Bolger, aided the developers in the sale of
numerous condominium units at The Arbors through his company, Capital Management
Guarantee, LLC. In order to induce buyers to purchase units, Bolger created an
addendum to the purchase contract that offered buyers various incentives, such
as rental supplements, money to defray maintenance costs, and a design credit to
upgrade the unit's amenities. When the buyers cancelled the design credit within
10 days of signing the addendum, Bolger paid a kickback for the amount of the
design credit to the buyer from Capital Management's bank account. In this
manner, Bolger, Pasquale, and other co-conspirators failed to disclose to
buyers' mortgage lenders material facts about the financing of the sale of The
Arbors condominium units.

Pasquale's alleged role in the conspiracy consisted of marketing The Arbors
units. He did so by promising buyers closing cash and undisclosed incentives,
providing closing cash to borrowers who purchased units, facilitating the
payment of kickbacks to his clients via Capital Management Guarantee, and
facilitating the submission of false loan applications to FDIC insured financial
institutions.

Bolger previously pleaded guilty for his role in this scheme. He is scheduled to
be sentenced on June 22, 2015.

An indictment is merely a formal charge that a defendant has committed a
violation of one or more federal criminal laws, and every defendant is presumed
innocent unless, and until, proven guilty.

This case was investigated by the Federal Bureau of Investigation and the
Federal Housing Finance Agency, Office of Inspector General. It is being
prosecuted by Special Assistant United States Attorney Chris Poor and Assistant
United States Attorney Jay Hoffer.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com


LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             887 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                             October 7, 2011 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Delray pair charged in Gulf spill scheme

BYLINE: Palm Beach Post Staff Report

SECTION: LOCAL & BUSINESS; Pg. 4B

LENGTH: 246 words


Two Delray Beach residents have been charged with filing $340,000 in fraudulent
claims against the $20 billion Gulf of Mexico oil spill trust fund and using
that money to rent luxury homes and buy high-end cars and boats.

Joseph Harvey, 51, and Anja Karin Kannell, 41, made their first appearance
Thursday in federal court in Miami in what the U.S. Attorney's Office is calling
"the largest financial loss case brought to date arising from claims filed in
connection with the Deepwater Horizon explosion and pollution incident."

Harvey and Kannell are charged with mail fraud, wire fraud and access device
fraud, the office said. Harvey also faces charges of aggravated identity fraud
because he was found to be in unlawful possession of two Social Security
numbers.

If convicted, the two face up to 20 years in prison on each of 15 counts of mail
and wire fraud and up to 10 years on each of seven counts of access device fraud
. Harvey faces an additional two years on both counts of aggravated identity
fraud.

According to an indictment unsealed Thursday, Harvey and Kannell filed
fraudulent claims against the Gulf Coast Claims Facility, which BP set up to
handle claims and make payments.

Harvey and Kannell filed the claims using 34 assumed identities. Payments were
made through accounts established under a fictitious name in San Antonio. Harvey
and Kannell withdrew the money from the account using an ATM card in the
fictitious person's name from banks across South Florida.

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2011 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             888 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 16, 2016 Saturday

Washington: Three from Northeast Ohio plead guilty for their roles in $17
million investment fraud

LENGTH: 464  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Department of Justice has issued the following news release:



 Three men from Northeast Ohio pleaded guilty this week for their roles in a
conspiracy to defraud about 70 investors out of approximately $17 million, law
enforcement officials said.

Thomas Abdallah, 52, of Brunswick, pleaded guilty this week to plead to one
count of conspiracy to commit wire fraud and securities fraud and one count of
money laundering. Mark M. George, 59, of Independence pleaded guilty to one
count of conspiracy to commit wire fraud and securities fraud. Jeffrey L.
Gainer, 52, of Akron, pleaded guilty to one count of sale of unregistered
securities. All three are scheduled to be sentenced Oct. 4 The guilty pleas was
announced by Carole S. Rendon, U.S. Attorney for the Northern District of Ohio,
Stephen D. Anthony, Special Agent in Charge of the FBI's Cleveland Office, and
Kathy Enstrom, Special Agent in Charge, IRS-Criminal Investigations, Cincinnati
Field Office. Kenneth A. Grant, Jerry A. Cicolani and Kelly C. Hood previously
pleaded guilty to crimes related to this fraud. Abdallah and Grant owned and
operated KGTA Petroleum, Ltd. They and others marketed KGTA as a company that
earned profits from buying and selling crude oil and refined fuel products. They
represented to investors that they had relationships with third-party purchasers
and investor funds would be used to purchase fuel products at a discount and
then resold at substantial profit, according to court documents. KGTA issued
investment agreements and promissory notes which offered guaranteed monthly
payments up to five percent per month or annual payments of approximately 60
percent per year, according to the information. The defendants never filed
documentation about KGTA with the Securities and Exchange Commission, according
to court documents. Together, they obtained approximately $31 million from about
70 investors between 2010 and 2014 through false and fraudulent pretenses. They
knew KGTA did not have agreements in place to sell oil and fuel, and that
investors would not earn 5 percent per month on their investments, according to
court documents. The defendants used investor money for personal expenditures
and luxury items including a Mercedes Benz, a boat and mortgage payments on
high-end residential property. As a result of the conspiracy, the defendants
defrauded the investors out of approximately $17 million, according to court
documents. This case is being prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorneys M. Kendra
Klump and Mark S. Bennett following an investigation by the Federal Bureau of
Investigation and Internal Revenue Service--Criminal Investigations.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             889 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                            March 25, 2006 Saturday

Ex-chamber leader pleads guilty to fraud;
MORAGA: Scheme involved more than $5 million from investors

BYLINE: Andrew McGall, CONTRA COSTA TIMES

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. F4

LENGTH: 227 words


A former Chamber of Commerce and Rotary Club leader pleaded guilty Friday to
mail fraud and wire fraud for his role in taking more than $5 million from more
than 30 investors, the U.S. Attorney's Office reported.

The charges stem from a scheme in which Edwin Torres, 46, persuaded investors to
buy high-yield Los Angeles and Orange County municipal bonds but instead used
their money for his own purposes, according to a release from the U.S.
Attorney's Office.

Prosecutors in Oakland said that between July 2003 and September 2004, Torres
defrauded more than 30 investors out of more than $5 million. He admitted that
he used his status as past president of the Moraga Chamber of Commerce and a
member and past president of the Moraga Rotary Club to influence investors.

Torres is free on bail pending his June 22 sentencing before U.S. District Court
Judge Jenkins in San Francisco.

A federal grand jury indicted Torres in April. He was charged with nine counts
of mail fraud and seven counts of wire fraud after an investigation by the FBI
and the Contra Costa County District Attorney's Office. He pleaded guilty to all
counts without a plea agreement.

Torres was an independent representative for AIG Advisor Group, doing business
as SunAmerica, with an office in Moraga.

The maximum penalty for each count is 20 years imprisonment, a fine of $250,000
and restitution.

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             890 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                              June 1, 2012 Friday

Fraud 'hot spot' Salt Lake lures securities gathering

BYLINE: By Tom Harvey The Salt Lake Tribune

SECTION: BREAKING; Business

LENGTH: 586 words


An international association of investment regulators will hold its annual
conference in 2013 in Salt Lake City, where it presented its first conference in
1922.

The North American Securities Administrators Association estimates that around
500 members are expected to attend the September meeting, which will include
securities regulators, law professionals, financial services industry
representatives, consumer advocates and legislative and regulatory policymakers.

Keith Woodwell, director of the State Division of Securities, said he put in a
proposal to host the conference and that the group's membership approved Salt
Lake City over the other finalists, Atlanta and Indianapolis. The conference is
expected to put more than $1 million dollars into the area economy through
lodging, meals and related expenses, the association said.

"They're usually looking for a place that is attractive to out-of-town
attendees," said Woodwell, who is vice chair of the group's enforcement section.
"But also they look to recognize and rewards states that have taken significant
enforcement actions or are out in the forefront of investor education efforts."

He cited the state's recent public service campaigns aimed at preventing
investors from being victims of fraud and Gov. Gary Herbert's backing of the
Fraud College, recent events open to the public so Utahns can hear presentations
and gather information on how to spot and avoid financial fraud.

Utah has long been a center for schemes. Because a majority of residents are
members of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, many have been
especially prone to fall victim to affinity fraud, in which a scamster takes
advantage of shared beliefs and trust within a like-minded group.

Financial scams have come to light at alarming levels in the state in the past
four years, with the impacts of the recession pushing many into the open.
Earlier this year, the FBI estimated that frauds that took in $2 billion were
under investigation or being litigated in Utah courts. In 2010, the FBI named
its Salt Lake City office as being in one of the top five "hot spot" cities for
financial fraud.

To try to slow the pace in Utah, the Division of Securities has sponsored a
series of public service announcements on radio, television and billboards,
including some aimed directly at affinity fraud.

The securities association presented its first annual conference in Salt Lake
City in 1922. Another came here in 1928 and a third in 1996, at the Snowbird
resort.

The NASAA bills itself as the oldest international organization devoted to
protecting investors. Its membership includes 67 state, provincial and
territorial securities administrators in the 50 states, the District of
Columbia, Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, Canada and Mexico.

In the United States, the association is the voice of state securities
regulators, the group says.

Woodwell describes the Salt Lake City event next year as a policy conference
that will focus on issues facing the industry and regulators, including the
recently approved federal Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act (JOBS Act), which
loosens federal constraints and broadens the field of potential investors for
startup companies looking to raise capital.



tharvey @ sltrib.com

Twitter: @TomHarveySltrib Alt Heads:

Fraud 'hot spot' SLC lures securities gathering Securities event

What » North American Securities Administrators Association annual conference

When » September 2013

Attendance » 500 expected

Impact »$1 million to local economy

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Utah Governor Gary Herbert speaks at the Fraud College event at the
University of Utah Wednesday February 15. The event is to educate and inform the
public in Utah against fraud with panels, speakers and booths.
Rex Ashdown, a former FBI agent and member of the FBI Citizens' Academy, helped
out with Fraud College in 2010. A second Fraud College was held in February.
Courtesy Department of Commerce The state Division of Real Estate has placed
billboards in Utah has part of its "Red Flags of Investment Fraud" campaign to
try to educate Utahns on how to avoid fraudulent investments.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             891 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                            December 10, 2010 Friday

In brief

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 514 words


new york

Suit filed against Madoff's foreign bankers

The trustee recovering money for investors who lost billions of dollars in
jailed financier Bernard Madoff's fraud on Friday filed civil racketeering
charges against an Austrian banker and 55 other defendants, demanding they give
up nearly $20 billion and accusing the banker of being Madoff's "criminal soul
mate."

Court-appointed trustee Irving Picard used tough language to portray a 23-year
relationship between banker Sonja Kohn and Madoff, saying she "masterminded a
vast illegal scheme" as she and others engaged in money laundering, mail and
wire fraud, and financial institution fraud in support of the Madoff's scheme.
He also accused her of accepting at least $62 million in secret kickbacks from
Madoff for soliciting investors for the fraud.

Picard filed a lawsuit in U.S. Bankruptcy Court in Manhattan against members of
what he labeled the "Medici Enterprise," which he said included the largest
banks in Austria and Italy. A message for comment sent to a Kohn spokeswoman was
not immediately returned.

south dakota

Man convicted of Indian activist's slaying

A South Dakota jury convicted a man of murder Friday in the decades-old killing
of an American Indian Movement activist whose death came to symbolize AIM and
its often violent struggles with federal agents during the 1970s.

John Graham, a 55-year-old Southern Tutchone Indian from Canada who was a member
of the group, was convicted of felony murder during the kidnapping of Annie Mae
Aquash. The jury in Rapid City acquitted him of premeditated murder. Attorney
General Marty Jackley, who prosecuted the case, said both murder charges carry a
mandatory sentence of life in prison. Jackley said he wasn't sure whether parole
was an option.

michigan

Burger King worker punches, kills customer

A 67-year-old man police believe was homeless died after being punched and
knocked to the ground during a scuffle with a 20-year-old Burger King employee
in Detroit, and authorities ruled the death a homicide Friday. An autopsy
determined Paul Cannon died from blunt force trauma to the head, said Dennis
Niemiec, a spokesman for the Wayne County medical examiner's office.

In other news


     ·    A Catholic nun who ran a suburban New York City college's finances
          embezzled more than $850,000 and spent it on herself, federal
          prosecutors said Friday. The U.S. attorney in Manhattan said Sister
          Marie Thornton used Iona College funds for her personal expenses from
          1999 to 2009. As vice president of finance, she submitted false
          invoices and had Iona pay her credit card bills, the complaint said.
          It did not detail her expenses.


Thornton, 62, was arrested Thursday and pleaded not guilty in federal court in
Manhattan.


     ·    A judge on Friday ruled against Republican Joe Miller's lawsuit
          challenging how Alaska counted write-in votes for rival Lisa Murkowski
          in their Senate race, delivering a crushing blow to the tea
          party-backed candidate's longshot legal fight.


Judge William Carey's ruling in Juneau all but ends any hopes Miller has of
getting relief in state court.

From The Associated Press

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             892 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           January 10, 2002 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

Allstate Blames High Fraud For 10.5% Auto Rate Rise

BYLINE:  By JOSEPH B. TREASTER

SECTION: Section B; Column 5; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 670 words


Allstate, the largest auto insurer in New York, said yesterday that it was
raising its rates an average of 10.5 percent in the state, underscoring New
York's growing problem with fraudulent auto insurance claims.

The increases, which will average 11.8 percent in the five boroughs of New York
City and in Westchester, Rockland, Nassau and Suffolk Counties, suggest that
auto insurance prices and fraud will be a hot issue for the State Legislature,
which convened yesterday. Elsewhere in New York State, Allstate customers will
pay 7.3 percent more for auto insurance.

The increases, which have been approved by state regulators, are immediate for
new customers, and take effect Feb. 17 for older customers.

Though the increase in New York City and the nearby counties was more than four
times the average price increase for insurers across the state in 2000, the
latest year for which full statistics are available, state regulators said they
were not surprised.

"This is exactly what we knew was coming," said Joanna Rose, a spokeswoman for
the New York State Department of Insurance. "We need some real reform on fraud
and abuse."

New York already has the second most expensive auto insurance in the country,
with an average cost of $943 per car. But state officials worry that New York
may soon surpass New Jersey as the most expensive state for auto insurance at an
average of $1,043 per car. Auto insurance has become a rancorous political
problem in New Jersey and Gov. George E. Pataki does not want it to become a big
issue in New York.

Last year, he and Gregory Serio, the superintendent of insurance, presented a
series of changes to the Legislature that were intended to reduce fraud. Many
legislators said they recognized fraud as a serious problem, but they were
unable to act on a bill before adjourning. Some legislators suggested a special
session to deal with auto insurance fraud. But ultimately there was no special
session.

State Farm Insurance, the third largest insurer in the state, increased its
rates an average of 7.4 percent across the state in November. And the regulators
said yesterday that they expected other insurers to raise their rates as well.

Across the country, auto insurance rates rose an average of 6 percent last year,
according to Robert Hartwig, the chief economist for the Insurance Information
Institute, a trade group in New York, as costs for medical treatment and auto
repairs rose. The average increase in the previous year was 3 percent.

Nowhere in the country is auto insurance fraud more severe, Mr. Hartwig said.
"New York has become the auto insurance fraud capital of the United States," he
said. "It is worst in New York City. But Buffalo, Rochester, Syracuse and Albany
are manifesting the same problem."

Mr. Hartwig said that costs to insurers in New York as a result of fraud rose
28.5 percent last year compared with an average of 3.8 percent across the
country. Colorado, with an 18 percent increase in claims costs, is one of a
handful of other states, including Florida, that are staggering under heavy
fraudulent claims.

Most of the fraud centers on medical claims. In one frequent scheme, organized
groups stage auto accidents with several people in the cars.  The drivers file
an accident report with the police to document the crash. Then all the
passengers, who usually are not hurt, begin treatment with doctors,
chiropractors, radiologists and others, many of whom are often part of the fraud
group. Lawyers often organize the groups and sue the insurers if they resist
paying claims.

Under New York's no-fault auto insurance system, insurers provide up to $50,000
in coverage with virtually no questions asked. At present, those involved in
crashes may receive treatment for up to six months before notifying their
insurer. The insurers contend that leaves a lot of room for fraud. They, along
with the governor, have been campaigning to shorten the reporting period to 45
days. But they have been opposed by trial lawyers and some medical
professionals.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2002 The New York Times Company


                             893 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                October 24, 1996, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

Former Culbro Official Convicted of Fraud

SECTION: Section D;  Page 4;  Column 3;  Business/Financial Desk

LENGTH: 212 words


A former executive of the Culbro Corporation, the New York-based cigar maker,
has been convicted of Federal mail fraud charges stemming from a fake-invoicing
scheme that cost Culbro nearly $1 million.

The executive, Paul T. Cleveland of Simsbury, Conn., was found guilty on Tuesday
after a four-day trial in Montgomery, Ala. He had been accused of masterminding
the scheme, which relied on help from two executives of a trucking company based
in Dothan, Ala. The two Alabama executives pleaded guilty to reduced charges in
June and testified against Mr. Cleveland at the trial.

Sentencing for Mr. Cleveland, who is 41, has been scheduled for Dec. 20. He
faces up to five years in prison and a $250,000 fine for each of the 25 counts
of mail fraud.

"Mr. Cleveland has always maintained, and still maintains, his innocence," his
lawyer, Anthony A. Joseph of Birmingham, Ala., said. He would not comment on
whether an appeal would be filed.

Mr. Cleveland was dismissed by Culbro last year, after the fake invoices were
discovered during a company investigation of an apparently unrelated
drug-smuggling incident at a warehouse in Dothan.

Mr. Cleveland, in turn, accused the company of dismissing him for objecting to
what he said were other company misdeeds.

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1996 The New York Times Company


                             894 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                           January 31, 2013 Thursday

Five cities lead rise in potential mortgage fraud

BYLINE: Amberlee Lovell Deseret News

LENGTH: 137 words


Potential mortgage fraud nationwide rose in the third quarter of last year due
to significant increases in five metropolitan areas, according to Business
Insider. ?This spike in potential fraud is troubling, coming at the same time
the mortgage industry is beginning to turn the corner,? said Rob Bazzani,
president of Kroll Factual Data, to Business Insider. Flint, Mich., had a
potential mortgage fraud increase of 50.32 percent on a quarterly basis. This
was the largest of any metro area by far, in areas where 1,000 or more
applications were processed. Columbia, Mo., was the next closest increase at
29.77 percent. Close behind was Lancaster, Pa., with a jump of 28.83 percent.
The other major increases include Tacoma, Wash., at 25.68 percent and Santa Fe,
N.M., with 24.24 percent. EMAIL:

alovell@deseretnews.com

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2013 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                             895 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Florida Keys Keynoter (Marathon)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 12, 2012 Wednesday

Court dates set for alleged BP fraudsters

BYLINE: Ryan McCarthy, Florida Keys Keynoter, (Marathon, Fla.)

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 509 words


Sept. 12--Trial dates have been set for two of four Key West men involved in a
scheme to defraud BP's Gulf Coast Claims Facility in the wake of the April 2010
Deepwater Horizon explosion in the Gulf of Mexico.

According to U.S. District Court in Miami, Cleon Major and Donald Sargent are
slated to appear Oct. 4 in Miami and each has a jury trial set for Oct. 9. Major
was arraigned on Aug. 3 and Sargent on Aug. 24.

Adrian Barnes is awaiting an Oct. 1 competency evaluation hearing before being
arraigned, according to the court, while David Bacon is scheduled for an initial
court appearance Sept. 18 in Fort Lauderdale.

Major, who apparently masterminded the scheme, faces seven counts of felony wire
fraud, four counts of felony number-access fraud and two counts of felony
aggravated identity theft. Bacon, Barnes and Sargent are each charged with five
counts of felony wire fraud.

According to an indictment handed down on July 27, the four men "knowingly, and
with intent to defraud" devised a scheme to "obtain money and property by means
of materially false and fraudulent pretenses."

On the first five counts of wire fraud, indictment says the men filed false
claims using fraudulent employment and income documents that claimed lost income
as a result of the oil spill.

The indictment says the men made the following claims:

--Major claimed $10,000 on Oct. 27, 2010.

--Major and Bacon claimed $11,000 on Nov. 2, 2010.

--Major and Barnes claimed $28,000 on Feb. 5, 2011.

--Major and Sargent claimed $24,000 on Feb. 7, 2011.

--Major claimed $20,500 on Feb. 7, 2011.

In two separate wire fraud counts, Major is accused of claiming $27,000 on Feb.
5, 2011, and $24,000 on Feb. 7, 2011.

Major's four counts of access-number fraud have to do with Gulf Coast Claims
Facility "device numbers" used to "obtain anything of value aggregating $1,000
or more."

Major's two identify theft counts deal with using false Social Security numbers
as a means of identification.

BP established the claims facility around June 2010 in the wake of the rig
explosion and subsequent lengthy oil spill into the Gulf of Mexico. The purpose
was to repay lost income to people affected by the disaster along the Gulf
Coast.

Monroe County residents and businesses have received around $200 million from
the Gulf Coast Claims Facility on more than 11,000 claims.

The Keys lie on the outer border of a region approved on May 2 by a federal
judge for a class-action case involving BP claims ranging from Texas to Monroe
County. Settling cases with economic and property damage claimants could cost
the multi-national firm an additional $7.8 billion, according to its estimates.

The Gulf Coast Claims Facility has been replaced by the new Deepwater Horizon
Court-Supervised Settlement Program as part of the settlement. Pending claims
will be turned over to the new agency.

Senior staff writer Kevin Wadlow contributed to this report.

___ (c)2012 the Florida Keys Keynoter (Marathon, Fla.) Visit the Florida Keys
Keynoter (Marathon, Fla.) at www.keysnet.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120912-FK-Court-dates-set-for-alleged-BP-fraudsters-0912-20120912

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FK


                      Copyright 2012 Florida Keys Keynoter


                             896 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                  November 13, 2002 Wednesday Marshall Edition

Former South Bend woman sentenced in investment fraud

BYLINE: By MATTHEW S. GALBRAITH; Tribune Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. D3

LENGTH: 561 words


SOUTH BEND -- A former South Bend woman who headed a commodities trading firm
was sentenced Tuesday to 27 months in prison for defrauding 84 area customers of
about $1.1 million.

Carmen L. Field, 37, pleaded guilty in May to mail fraud and federal income tax
evasion in connection with an investment fraud scheme carried out at Hudkins
Futures Investments from 1992 to 1998.

Field, who now lives and works in Texas, also was ordered by U.S. District Judge
Robert L. Miller Jr. to pay restitution to the victims and surrender by Dec. 30
to begin her term of incarceration.

Her former partner, Steven D. Hudkins of Elkhart, received a 24-month sentence
on mail fraud and tax charges in November 2000. That was in connection with a
separate fraud scheme at Market Capital Growth Inc., Elkhart.

A sobbing Field read a statement in court in which she accepted responsibility
for her illegal conduct and apologized for hurting "so many people that trusted
me." About a dozen of the victims attended the sentencing hearing.

"I'm ashamed and embarrassed to be here," she stated.

Noting that financial fraud seems rampant these days, Assistant U.S. Attorney
Barbara Brook pointed out the HFI victims lost not only an enormous amount of
money, but their trust and faith in the system.

The government recommended a sentence at the low end of the range, however,
because Field had accepted responsibility and cooperated fully with authorities.

"There are no winners today in a case like this," Brook said.

Miller, who could have sentenced Field to 33 months on each count, decided on
concurrent 27-month sentences and three years of supervised release. He set
restitution at $1,135,132 and denied a defense request to waive interest on it.

As part of her guilty plea, Field admitted she helped Hudkins start HFI in 1992.

Field solicited money from investors while Hudkins, a licensed trader, was
supposed to invest the money in commodity futures. Most of their customers lived
in the South Bend-Niles area. They were promised a high return on their
investments.

HFI purported to investors that it traded in more than 20 commodities, including
foreign currencies, grains, meats and precious metals through large discount
futures firms.

Field operated the business until 1998 from her residences on North Shoreham
Court and Trowbridge Lane, both in South Bend. She now resides in Richardson,
Texas, near her parents.

She took over sole control of the business in 1993, but continued to tell
investors their money was being turned over to Hudkins to buy commodities for
HFI.

Investors received monthly account statements showing earnings from 1992 to
1998, but the figures were made up. Field admitted spending most of the money on
personal and business expenses, including repayment to customers who withdrew or
canceled their investments.

Field admitted she received gross income of $876,733 from investors in 1997, but
failed to file a federal tax return. The estimated tax loss was more than
$375,000, court records showed.

She further admitted she attempted to conceal the income from the Internal
Revenue Service by depositing some $805,000 into a business checking account.
She then used about $170,000 of those funds to pay personal expenses.

Staff writer Matthew S. Galbraith:

mgalbraith@sbtinfo.com

(574) 235-6359


LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                 Copyright 2002 South Bend Tribune Corporation


                             897 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Lebanon Democrat, Tenn.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             March 11, 2014 Tuesday

Former Nissan employee, two others plead in scheme to defraud company

BYLINE: The Lebanon Democrat, Tenn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 491 words


March 11--NASHVILLE -- Kenneth Carter, 45, of Corona, Calif., Wendell Young, 34,
of Inglewood, Calif., and Bruce Young, 50, of Compton, Calif., pleaded guilty
Friday to participating in a scheme to defraud Nissan North America, according
to U.S. attorney David Rivera.

Judge William J. Haynes Jr. is expected to sentence them May 30.

Carter pleaded guilty to all counts in the indictment, including conspiracy to
commit mail fraud, three counts of mail fraud and conspiracy to commit money
laundering. Carter faces up to 20 years in prison and a fine of $500,000 on the
conspiracy to commit money laundering count, up to 20 years in prison and a fine
of $250,000 on each of the mail fraud counts and up to five years in prison and
a fine of $250,000 on the conspiracy to commit mail fraud count.

Wendell Young and Bruce Young entered into plea agreements with the government
whereby each pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy to commit money
laundering.

According to the indictment, from March 2007 through April 2008 Carter was
employed at Nissan's Franklin headquarters as an "arbitration specialist." In
that role, his duties were to negotiate with attorneys who brought claims on
behalf of Nissan owners, alleging Nissan had violated "lemon laws" or the
Federal Warranty Act.

The indictment alleged the defendants engaged in a scheme to defraud Nissan.
Bruce Young and Wendell Young, among others, would approach individuals who
owned Nissan vehicles to get information, such as the owner's name, address and
vehicle identification numbers. Carter then used this information to file false
and fraudulent claims at Nissan, requesting settlement checks. Once the checks
were issued, Bruce Young, Wendell Young, and others directed the Nissan owners
to deposit the checks into their bank accounts or to cash the checks.

Bruce Young and Wendell Young then told the Nissan owners to pay them a portion
of the funds the owners received from Nissan. A portion of those funds were then
paid to Carter, and Bruce Young and Wendell Young kept a portion of those
proceeds for themselves. During the course of the scheme, Carter filed about 80
false claims, totaling about $571,500.

Six defendants were charged in the indictment and the guilty pleas represent the
final three defendants.  The three other defendants previously entered guilty
pleas, including Adrian Franklin, 40, of Chandler, Ariz., who pleaded guilty to
one count of conspiracy to commit money laundering Nov. 18, and Francisco
DeLaRosa, 40, of West Covina, Calif., and Tracey Young, 45, of Los Angeles,
Calif., who each pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy to commit money
laundering Feb. 21.

The IRS Criminal Investigation and Tennessee Bureau of Investigation
investigated the case. Assistant U.S. attorney Kathryn Ward Booth served as
prosecutor.

___ (c)2014 The Lebanon Democrat, Tenn. Visit The Lebanon Democrat, Tenn. at
www.lebanondemocrat.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20140311-1LD-Former-Nissan-employee-two-others-plead-in-scheme-to-defraud-compan
y-0311-20140311

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1LD


                                 Copyright 2014


                             898 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                American Banker

                            March 26, 2009 Thursday

Using Racketeering Law To Recoup Fraud Losses

BYLINE: Kate Berry

SECTION: MORTGAGES; Pg. 8 Vol. 174 No. 58

LENGTH: 988  words


A federal case brought by ING Bank against an alleged mortgage fraud ring in
Seattle shows the lengths to which lenders will now go to recoup losses.

The Wilmington, Del., thrift, a unit of ING Group NV, is suing 10 people and
more than a dozen companies under the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt
Organizations Act. Though it is not unheard-of for a lender to bring a civil
suit under this law, legal experts said such cases are hard to win, because they
require a higher burden of proof to show a pattern of conduct.

Of the 866 federal mortgage fraud cases that Navigant Consulting Inc. tracked in
2007 and 2008, only 16 cited violations of the anti-racketeering law.

"You really have to plead a pattern of practice that goes back a certain amount
of time and involves recurrences of federal crimes," said Rachel Dollar, a
partner at Smith Dollar PC in Santa Rosa, Calif. Courts are "very reluctant" to
extend racketeering charges to "garden-variety" fraud cases.

Usually lenders will file their cases in state court to go after alleged
fraudsters. But the potential payoff is bigger from using the anti-racketeering
law, which provides for triple damages. ING stands to collect up to $18 million
for the $6 million of loans it says it was defrauded.

Lawyers say the law, created in 1970 to combat organized crime, is increasingly
cited in civil cases alleging various types of fraud. As a result, according to
lawyers, more lenders may try the strategy ING is using to recover losses on
mortgage fraud, which was rampant during the housing boom.

Jeff Nielsen, managing director at Navigant, said bankers would be more likely
to pursue a civil RICO case for mortgage fraud if there were significant losses
involved and the case included professionals such as appraisers and brokers.
More often, he said, there are few deep pockets to recover losses.

"It may be that a bank wants to send a message," Nielsen said. "There is a
deterrent effect in knowing a bank has zero tolerance for this type of fraud."

The $82.4 billion-asset ING Bank filed its suit in January in the U.S. District
Court for the Western District of Washington. The defendants include a mortgage
broker, an escrow company that ING said was unlicensed, title insurers,
accountants, appraisers and an auto shop accused of creating "false
verifications of employment" for loan applicants.

The suit claims "a pattern of deception that goes far beyond ordinary fraud."

The defendants prepared falsified loan applications, overvalued properties,
submitted false documents, engaged in identity fraud, falsely claimed to hold
valid state licenses and used fraudulent closing letters in the guise of a
licensed escrow company, according to the suit.

ING called the defendants "a complex network of conspirators who organized and
orchestrated a massive mortgage loan falsification scheme that induced ING to
provide millions of dollars in loans, to pay over $100,000 in fees and to suffer
other losses."

The borrowers allegedly misrepresented their assets, income and employment on at
least nine loans originated between November 2007 and June 2008.

The fraud was committed "in part using the United States mail across state
lines," the suit says.

Attorneys for ING did not return phone calls seeking comment. Attempts to reach
the defendants for comment were unsuccessful; four of the them had unlisted
phone numbers.

The Seattle Times reported on the case last week.

Bren Pompino, a lawyer at Mountain State Justice Inc., a nonprofit public
interest law firm in Charleston, W.Va., agreed that civil RICO cases for
mortgage fraud can be difficult and expensive.

"This is as close as you can get to proving a criminal conspiracy on the civil
side," Pompino said. "If you can present evidence of all the elements in the
fraud, then it can be a very impressive claim."

Ellen Podgor, a white-collar crime specialist at Stetson University College of
Law in St. Petersburg, Fla., said that to win such a case, "You have to meet
certain elements of the crime and show continuity and a relationship between the
acts."

In its suit, ING says it "justifiably relied to its detriment and injury upon
the false information and documentation in the defendant borrowers' loan
applications." Had it known "the true facts regarding the loan applications,
supporting documentation, borrower information and appraisal values, ING would
not have made the loans ... or paid fees" to the defendants.

But Margot Saunders, a lawyer at the National Consumer Law Center in Washington,
said lax underwriting standards and the prevalence of no-documentation loans
allowed such fraud to take place.

"Good, solid underwriting in many situations would have found the fraudster, so
the loan should not have been made," said Saunders, who has served as an expert
witness in many consumer fraud cases. "So when a lender accepted a no-doc loan,
what did they think they were getting? And how can they then complain about it?
If they had done their due diligence, they might have been able to catch the
fraud."

Diane Pendley, a managing director at Fitch Inc., wrote in a report published in
2007, "In the absence of effective underwriting, products such as 'no money
down' and 'stated income' mortgages appear to have become vehicles for
misrepresentation or fraud by participants throughout the origination process."

ING is seeking a court order to repossess eight properties near Seattle from the
borrowers named in the suit.

John Devlin, a shareholder in the Seattle law firm Lane Powell PC, said the
large number of defendants in the ING case showed that "a lot of people were
working on this together."

Devlin defends major lenders, including Countrywide Home Loans (now a unit of
Bank of America Corp.), Wells Fargo & Co., and JPMorgan Chase & Co.

"I've never seen a case like this where you have a bank or lender going after a
borrower under RICO," he said. "Their allegations are well-pled and fit within
the RICO statute."

URL: http://www.americanbanker.com/

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AB


                        Copyright 2009 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             899 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           February 13, 2001 Tuesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Former Brokerage Officers Convicted of Fraud

BYLINE:  Bloomberg News

SECTION: Section C; Column 1; Business/Financial Desk; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 370 words

DATELINE: ATLANTA, Feb. 12


A federal jury convicted Michael S. DeVegter, a former vice president of
Stephens Inc., a Little Rock, Ark., brokerage firm, and Richard P. Poirier, a
former vice president of Lazard Freres & Company, of fraud charges related to a
$163 million bond deal in Fulton County, Ga.

The verdict came after a three-week trial in which a former White House chief of
staff and a former Georgia governor came to the defense of Mr. DeVegter, a
prominent Georgia Democrat.

The jury found Mr. DeVegter and Mr. Poirier guilty of conspiracy and fraud
stemming from bond work with the county government in 1992. Federal prosecutors
asserted that Mr. Poirier paid $41,936 to Mr. DeVegter, who was advising Fulton
County, to give Lazard Freres, the prominent Wall Street firm, the advantage in
bidding to refinance $163 million in water and sewer bonds.

Both defendants face a maximum of 10 years each in prison for the crimes,
prosecutors have said. A sentencing date has not been set.

The jury determined that the county taxpayers lost money on the deal, and that
Mr. DeVegter deprived the county of his honest services and had dominant control
over the county's decision to choose a firm to lead the bond syndicate.

The jury heard testimony from four prosecution witnesses who had either received
immunity for their cooperation or were convicted felons.

Those witnesses testified to paying Mr. DeVegter and fixing investment firm
rankings to put Lazard ahead of other competitors.

Testifying as character witnesses for Mr. DeVegter were the former governor, Joe
Frank Harris, and Hamilton Jordan, who was Jimmy Carter's chief of staff. Mr.
Harris employed Mr. DeVegter as his executive assistant in the 1980's.

Mr. Poirier's defense maintained that he did not know that the $84,000 payment
to James Nathan Cole for consulting services for the bond deal was going toward
a kickback. Mr. Poirier at the time was managing $4 billion worth of bond
business in New Jersey, his lawyer, Craig Gillen, said.

Mr. DeVegter testified that the money, which he used to pay off a line of credit
for a home in Savannah, Ga., was not for any work with Lazard. Rather, he said,
the money was payment for other consulting work he had done with Mr. Cole.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2001 The New York Times Company


                             900 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  May 8, 1987, Friday, Late City Final Edition

Rep. Ford of Tennessee Admitted to a Hospital

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section A; Page 23, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 198 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, May 7


Representative Harold E. Ford, Democrat of Tennessee, who is under indictment
for tax, bank and mail fraud, was taken to a hospital after suffering severe
chest pains, his staff said today.

John Murdock, legislative director for Mr. Ford, said that around 12:30 P.M. Mr.
Ford's staff called the House physician, who sent medics to the Congressman's
office.

Mr. Ford was admitted at the Washington Hospital Center for overnight
observation, said Mary Anderson, a spokeswoman. He was listed in good condition.

Mr. Ford, 41 years old, of Memphis, was indicted along with four other men on
April 24 by a Federal grand jury in Knoxville.

The 19-count indictment contends that C. H. Butcher Jr., who is awaiting
sentencing on bankruptcy fraud, tax fraud and money laundering, has used loans
from his banks to buy political influence from Mr. Ford. He has denied the
charges.

Mr. Ford's brother, Dr. James Ford, an opthalmologist, said the Congressman had
an attack of chest pains three to four years ago which required
hopspitalization, but he did not have a history of heart disease.

Mr. Ford was elected to the House in 1974 as Tennessee's first black
Representative in Congress.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1987 The New York Times Company


                             901 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 17, 2014 Monday

Oregon: Investigator 3 (Medicaid Fraud Investigator)

LENGTH: 857  words

DATELINE: Salem


The State of Oregon has issued the following Job release:

Job Code:  DOJ14-0018
Job Title:  Investigator 3 (Medicaid Fraud Investigator)
Opening Date/Time:  Mon. 03/10/14 12:00 AM Pacific Time
Closing Date/Time:  Thu. 03/20/14 11:59 PM Pacific Time
Salary:  $3,536.00 - $5,174.00 Monthly
$42,432.00 - $62,088.00 Annually
Job Type:  Permanent
Location:  Portland, Oregon
Agency:  Justice-Civil Enforcement Division



Description  Benefits  Supplemental Questions



The Oregon Department of Justice has an exciting opportunity available for a
knowledgeable and practiced investigator in the field of health care fraud
investigation and enforcement in Portland, Oregon.

Health care fraud enforcement is a national priority. The Medicare Fraud Unit
deters, investigates and prosecutes fraud by Medicaid providers and physical or
financial abuse/neglect of residents of Medicaid-funded facilities. As a
Medicaid Fraud Unit Investigator (Investigator 3) you will plan, organize and
conduct investigations of programs, businesses, offices, companies, and
individuals working as Medicaid-funded providers of goods and services, or those
in the long-term care industry.

This is a permanent, full-time position represented by a union (SEIU). Apply now
if you are interested. This recruitment will be used to establish a list of
qualified candidates to fill the current position and may be used to fill future
vacancies.

MAKE A DIFFERENCE!

The Department of Justice is dedicated to pursuing and achieving justice and
supporting healthy and safe communities throughout our state. Its 1,300
employees in eight divisions, including nearly 300 lawyers, are dedicated to the
rule of law and serving the people of Oregon and its government.

o Protecting and supporting families and children through child advocacy and
child support services;

o Protecting consumers - particularly our most vulnerable citizens - from
fraudulent schemes and other unlawful trade practices;

o Supporting our state's prosecutors and law enforcement efforts;

o Protecting and compensating victims of crime;

o Defending our citizens' civil rights;

o Protecting the environment;

o Upholding the rule of law.

The Oregon Department of Justice is an equal opportunity, affirmative action
employer committed to work force diversity.

Duties & Responsibilities:


Primary duties and responsibilities include, but are not limited to:

Procure, analyze and interpret computerized data, financial records, billing
records, medical records, social service records, legal documents and other
material in the pursuit of evidence for Unit cases.
    Identify and interview suspects, witnesses, health care professionals, state
and county workers, Medicaid personnel and recipients.
    Ensure all physical and documentary evidence is obtained and secured in
compliance with state and federal criminal procedural and evidentiary rules.
    Determine if other professional services (handwriting analysis, polygraph,
expert witness) are necessary and procure that assistance.
    Develop an accurate, detailed report of investigative findings describing
policy, financial, medical and legal aspects of the case. Include
recommendations, with appropriate justification, for criminal or civil action,
or for referral to appropriate administrative agency.
    Participate in "on call rotation" to talk to callers and visitors regarding
potential MFU referrals. Formulate reports or memorandum and any recommended
actions on referrals taken while on call.
    Assist attorneys in formulating presentation of case, identification of
witnesses and drafting of pleadings/charges.
    Provide input in formulating plea bargain or settlement proposals.
Participate in pre-grand jury or settlement conferences/hearings with defense
counsel. Testify before a grand jury. Prepare legally admissible charts/graphs.
    Coordinate witness appearances at trial and other hearings. Serve
summons/subpoenas on witnesses for trial and other hearings. Testify at trial
and other hearings.

WORKING CONDITIONS: Daily exposure to office environment with noise from ringing
telephones, printers, copiers, telephone conversations and other office
equipment. Daily use of computers. Daily juggling of multiple tasks with varying
and changing deadlines with limited general supervision. Occasional demands to
work overtime, weekends and evenings. Frequent contact/interviews with
uncooperative and potentially hostile witnesses/suspects. Frequent in-state
driving/traveling for investigations, court dates, meetings and trainings.
Occasional out-of-state travel related to investigations, meetings or training.
Daily requirement to exercise discretion and confidentiality. Daily interaction
with other professionals.

CONDUCT EXPECTATIONS: The role of the Oregon Department of Justice is to provide
justice and uphold the rule of law. Employees of the Department are required to
meet the highest standards of professional conduct and ethics while on the job,
and also to maintain those same high standards when taking actions in their
personal lives that could reflect on the Department.

For further information please visit: http://agency.governmentjobs.com/oregon/

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             902 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    December 2, 1994, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Phone fraud safeguards / Alarms, ID codes

BYLINE: James Overstreet

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 2B

LENGTH: 635 words


Bandits, who for years have preyed on the cellular phone industry, are finding
it more difficult these days.

The industry is going on the attack and erecting tougher high-tech defenses to
staunch the more than $ 1 million a day it loses to fraud.

Companies are targeting thieves who use "counterfeit" phones to make calls that
are billed to legitimate customers. Among the features they are installing to
prevent and detect such fraud:

-- Personal identification numbers. They are given to customers and must be
entered when a phone call is placed. They can't be stolen via the airwaves.

-- Phone prints. The process gives transmissions "fingerprints" so only
legitimate customers can make calls.

-- Fraud-detection software. These computer programs monitor cellular calls and
identify unusual patterns, such as exceptionally long calls, high volumes of
calls and two calls made at the same time on the same line.

Some software also enables companies to pinpoint for police where the fraudulent
call is being placed.

Every day a cellular bandit is arrested, says Mike Houghton, spokesman for the
Cellular Telecommunications Industry Association. "It's a high-tech war against
high-tech crooks," he says. "Cloning is definitely the crime of the '90s."

Stealing phone signals is profitable and drug dealers and others can operate
anonymously. Bandits in New York make up to $ 1,000 a day by allowing others to
make counterfeit calls.

And the wireless communication industry is a target because it has 20 million
users with 17,000 being added daily. Cellular fraud is growing 20% annually.

The primary problem for customers is the inconvenience of having their phones
reprogrammed.

But occasionally, companies are forced to suspend services in an area because
theft is such a problem. For example, Cellular One, a Washington-area cellular
telephone carrier, this week temporarily suspended a service that enables
customers to use their phones in the New York City area.

The company's recently installed fraud-detection software identified a high
number of New York-based calls that appeared to be fraudulent.

The suspension - which allows the company time to investigate the cases - is
expected to be lifted in about three weeks, says Walter Patterson, spokesman for
SBC Communications, Cellular One's parent company.

New York-based Nynex's cellular unit suspended service in Miami a year ago. It
still hasn't been lifted. Nynex customers who are in Miami must first call a
company representative in New York to get clearance to make a call.

Nynex says it expects to lift the suspension once an effective fraud-prevention
system is in place.

Bell Atlantic Mobile's PINs and fraud-detection systems reduced fraudulent calls
by 35% between June and September, says Bob Johnson, vice president of the
Washington-Baltimore Bell Atlantic office.

But despite the success of some systems, industry experts don't underestimate
their adversaries.

"We come up with new technologies, and the crooks come up with different
angles," Houghton says. "We're going to be fighting this problem for a long
time."

Capturing cellular numbers How thieves steal cellular telephone numbers: 1. A
cellular phone call is made, sending two numbers over the airwaves -- the mobile
indentification number (the telephone number) and the electronic serial number.

2. Bandits stake out spots, such as highway overpasses or airport parking lots,
and use sophisticated machines to intercept numbers transmitted by passing
motorists.

3. Using black-market computer software, the thieves reprogram another phone
with the counterfeit numbers.

4. The cloned phone is then used until the fraud is detected, usually when the
customer whose numbers were stolen gets a monthly bill from the cellular
company.

LOAD-DATE: December 03, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, b/w, Marty Baumann and Stephen Conley, USA TODAY, Source: USA
TODAY research (Diagram)

INSIDE BUSINESS; See info box at end of text; See sidebar; 02B

                      Copyright 1994 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             903 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                           November 17, 2007 Saturday
                            0 South Pinellas Edition

SWINDLER COX GETS 26 YEARS

BYLINE: JEFF TESTERMAN, Times Staff Writer

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 1144 words

DATELINE: ATLANTA



HIGHLIGHT: Matthew Cox used stolen identities and mortgage fraud to reap
millions.


In Tampa, he was James Redd, a $94,000-a-year marketing director for a financial
consultant. In South Carolina, he was Gary L. Sullivan, the polite owner of a
day labor service. In Tennessee, he was Joseph M. Carter, the witty, wealthy
owner of a home restoration business.

All the masks that master con man Matthew B. Cox used fell away with finality
Friday when a federal judge sentenced him to more than 26 years in prison.

"The degree of consciousness and forethought used to accomplish these schemes
was stunning," said U.S. District Judge Timothy C. Batten Jr.

Cox's theft of identities, forgery of property records and mortgage fraud
bordered "on the sociopathic," the judge said.

"The nature of what Mr. Cox did was personal, and he did it again, and again and
again."

The judge also ordered Cox, 38, to pay $5.97-million in restitution, beginning
with wages he will earn in what likely will be a maximum security prison. Any
proceeds from the sales of Cox's artwork or written works also must go to
satisfy the restitution.

An aspiring author, former University of South Florida art student and Tampa
mortgage broker, Cox masterminded a five-year, cross-country fraud binge that
took on elements of American folklore. Bloggers dubbed him and his girlfriend
"the Bonnie and Clyde of mortgage fraud."

In his crime rampage through five Southern states, Cox rose to the top of the
U.S. Secret Service list, committing so much fraud the FBI had trouble keeping
an inventory of it all.

In Tampa, it amounted to $8.6-million, involving 77 properties, mostly in Tampa
Heights and Ybor City. In Tennessee, it totaled $2.35-million on 22 properties.
Millions more were added to the tally in Georgia and the Carolinas.

Assistant U.S. Attorney Gale McKenzie needed 41 pages to catalog Cox's crimes
from 1999 until his capture a year ago, and to list the identities of 48 adults
and eight minors that Cox stole.

Facing dozens of charges with maximum penalties that totaled 422 years in
prison, Cox pleaded guilty to reduced charges, including mortgage fraud,
identity theft, bank fraud and passport forgery.

His public defender, Mildred Dunn, argued that Cox deserved no more than 10 to
15 years in prison. She pointed to his dyslexia, to a troubled childhood, to his
remorse, and to his cooperation with an ongoing investigation.

The prosecutor acknowledged that in debriefings, Cox has provided verifiable
information concerning "over a dozen co-conspirators" involved in mortgage fraud
, most of them in Tampa.

But McKenzie said Cox is hardly remorseful: He told others that mortgage fraud
is a victimless crime; he "constantly Googled himself" to see how his exploits
were being treated by the media; he treated fraud like a game, like the time he
signed to a forged document the name Montgomery Burns, the tycoon in The
Simpsons.

Michael Shanahan, an Atlanta businessman that Cox targeted in one identity
theft, testified that he is still recovering. "It still hangs over my head,"
Shanahan said. "To this day I don't know if I could get another loan."

A shackled Cox, supported by 10 family members, briefly addressed the judge. His
voice trembling, he complained about being in debt, about nightmares and panic
attacks, but in the end offered no excuses.

"I had no idea how many people would end up getting hurt," Cox said.

The St. Petersburg Times discovered Cox's crimes in late 2003 after a tip from
the county property appraiser about questionable home sales in the Tampa Heights
area. The first newspaper story, "Dubious Deals," examined a mysterious investor
named Alex Antioch who had paid $552,000 for a dilapidated boarding house
recently condemned by the city of Tampa.

He flees Tampa

Records showed Antioch was fictional, the deed forged and the price artificially
inflated. Documents pointed back to Cox, a onetime mortgage broker already on
probation for fraud and grand theft.

As the first news story was being published, Cox fled Tampa with his fiance,
Rebecca M. Hauck, a former Las Vegas legal secretary.

Cox's whereabouts were a mystery, but he left behind a trove of evidence,
recorded at the Hillsborough County Courthouse. The records revealed Cox's
fine-tuned strategy of buying decaying homes at bargain prices, filing falsified
deeds to reflect hugely inflated prices, then using false or stolen identities
to obtain fat mortgage loans on the subpar properties.

Cox sometimes utilized color-coded aliases: James Redd, Brandon Green, Lee
Black, David White. He sometimes rented properties, then took the identity of
the owner, using a computer-generated ID to get refinanced cash out of a home as
if he owned it.

The fraud followed the blueprint set down in his unpublished manuscript, The
Associates, the fictional story of the exploits of Christian Locke. The hero,
eerily patterned after Cox, leaves a dead-end insurance job, executes a plan to
defraud lenders of millions, then eludes the mob and the FBI to rendezvous with
his girlfriend on an island in the Caribbean.

Telltale clues in The Associates connected to real crimes. And Cox's fraud left
a trail from Tampa to Atlanta to Columbia, S.C., to Nashville.

Along the way, Cox's forgery gained sophistication. To generate the illusion of
plump bank accounts for him and his straw buyers, he created a fictional bank
with its own Web site.

When he needed a new name for a fraudulent loan application, he grabbed a
clipboard and played the part of a government bureaucrat surveying homeless
persons or drug rehab patients.

When Cox needed a fresh Social Security number to pass muster on a credit check,
he created nonexistent babies, complete with birth certificates and vaccination
records.

Girlfriend arrested

When Hauck fled Tampa with Cox, she says she thought she was embarking on a
honeymoon. But instead of a bride, she became an accomplice. After two years on
the run, Cox abandoned Hauck after a falling-out in Houston. She was arrested,
got a plea agreement and was sentenced to 70 months in prison. She was ordered
to pay $1.19-million in restitution.

Hauck, now at Coleman Federal Correctional Institution in Sumter County, agreed
in her plea to testify against Cox. With his sentencing Friday, she is now
eligible for a sentence reduction.

Having eluded the Secret Service and the FBI for years, Cox was finally done in
by a suspicious 60-year-old babysitter named Patsy Taylor. Cox was masquerading
in Nashville as Joseph Carter, but dropped hints that he had mortgage-related
problems in Tampa.

Taylor said she saw "a certain deceit in his eyes" and began scouring the
Internet for clues. She found the Times news stories and a link to a Secret
Service poster of Cox that was the spitting image of Carter. Taylor contacted a
Times reporter with her revelation, and a day later - exactly one year ago
Friday - Cox was in handcuffs.

Jeff Testerman can be reached at (813) 226-3422 or testerman@sptimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Matthew Cox's crime spree touched Tampa and four states. PHOTO:
After her arrest, Rebecca Hauck agreed to testify against ex-boyfriend Matthew
Cox.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             904 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                            January 28, 2005 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Man acquitted in death of kin is jailed in fraud FIVE-YEAR TERM An ex-metro
resident accused of killing his wife and in-laws in 1998 admits scamming states.

BYLINE: Manny Gonzales Denver Post Staff Writer THE POST/9NEWS TEAM COVERAGE

SECTION: DENVER & THE WEST; Pg. B-03

LENGTH: 381 words


A former Lone Tree man, acquitted of killing his wife and in-laws in 1999, was
sentenced Thursday in Florida to five years in federal prison for mail fraud.

James Garner, 45, who moved to Reno, Nev., also is expected to be sentenced
again today for a similar mail-

fraud charge in California.

U.S. prosecutors notified the court of Garner's acquittal in Colorado during his
sentencing hearing, before a judge slapped Garner with the maximum prison time
and an order to pay $144,107.52 in restitution for defrauding Florida, Delaware
and Texas of more than $300,000.

"He was charged with five counts, and he pleaded to five counts," federal
prosecutor Karen Rhew said. "And the federal sentencing guidelines provided for
a sentence of up to 41 months, but the (judge) in this case gave him 60 months."

A recent U.S. Supreme Court decision gave federal judges more discretion and the
ability to dole out stricter sentences.

Garner also pleaded guilty to another count of mail fraud in California, federal
prosecutor Norman Wong said.

Wong said he does not plan to introduce evidence of Garner's acquittal.

"His acquittal is not really factually related at all to this charge," Wong
said. "We'll be asking the judge for the low

end of the sentence, under the plea agreement, and it'll be up to the judge to
decide whether the sentence will run concurrent or consecutive to his sentence
in Florida."

The indictments alleged that Garner used the mail to send forged documents to
the states in an attempt to obtain money held as unclaimed property between 2001
and 2003.

"He got money that he claimed he was entitled to when he wasn't," Rhew said.

In January 1998, Lisa Garner and her parents, David and Mary Hanschu, were shot
to death in their beds at a Lone Tree townhouse.

A Colorado jury acquitted Garner after a nine-week murder trial in which his
defense lawyers showed that police mishandled evidence.

Prosecutors said Garner, formerly an oil and mineral consultant, had financial
troubles, which led to the homicides.

The Douglas County judge who presided over the murder trial later said in a
separate ruling that Garner had killed his wife and her parents, terminating his
parental rights to his three daughters.

Staff writer Manny Gonzales can be reached at 303-820- 1190 or mgonzales@
denverpost.com.

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2005 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             905 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Norwalk Reflector, Ohio

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 3, 2014 Wednesday

Ohio attorney general announces lawsuit in nationwide mortgage rescue fraud
sweep

BYLINE: Norwalk Reflector, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 479 words


Sept. 03--Ohio Attorney General Mike DeWine has announced a lawsuit against a
Chicago-based mortgage rescue business -- Credence Law Group Inc. -- for taking
money from consumers while making false promises about its ability to rescue
them from foreclosure.

The lawsuit, filed in the Erie County Court of Common Pleas, is part of a
nationwide sweep against fraudulent mortgage rescue services.

"Mortgage rescue schemes give false hope to homeowners who are already
struggling," Attorney General DeWine said. "They fail to provide any real help
and often push homeowners closer to foreclosure. In this case, the business
represented itself as a law firm that would provide professional services to
consumers, but it didn't provide consumers with the loan modifications that it
promised, and then it refused to provide refunds."

Credence Law Group was a Chicago-based corporation that offered mortgage loan
modification services to consumers nationwide. Byron Landau, who ran Credence
Law Group, is an attorney, but he is not licensed in Ohio.

Five Ohio consumers filed complaints with the Ohio Attorney General's Office
against Credence Law Group, though additional consumers may be affected. In
their complaints, consumers said they paid the business $900 to $3,000 or more
for loan modifications they never received. Credence Law Group never refunded
their money.

In one instance, the business allegedly promised a loan modification to a
consumer who had already had a foreclosure action filed against her and whose
home had already been sold at a sheriff's sale.

The Attorney General's lawsuit charges the business and its principal Byron
Landau with violations of the Consumer Sales Practices Act and Debt Adjuster's
Act. In the lawsuit, the Attorney General seeks a judgment declaring the acts
and practices that Credence Law Group committed to be illegal, an injunction to
stop further violations, restitution for consumers, and civil penalties.

The lawsuit is part of a joint federal-state sweep by the Consumer Financial
Protection Bureau, the Federal Trade Commission, and 15 states targeting scam
operations that prey on delinquent homeowners or those facing foreclosure.
Participating in today's sweep are the attorneys general of Arizona, Delaware,
Florida, Indiana, Illinois, Kansas, Louisiana, Maryland, Michigan, New Mexico,
New York, North Carolina, Ohio, Washington, and Wisconsin. Also participating
are the Maryland Commissioner of Financial Regulation and Washington Department
of Financial Institutions.

Ohio consumers who believe they have been treated unfairly should contact the
Ohio Attorney General's Office at 800-282-0515 or www.OhioAttorneyGeneral.gov.

To read the lawsuit, click on the link below.

___ (c)2014 the Norwalk Reflector (Norwalk, Ohio) Visit the Norwalk Reflector
(Norwalk, Ohio) at www.norwalkreflector.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20140903-1NW-Ohio-attorney-general-announces-lawsuit-in-nationwide-mortgage-resc
ue-fraud-sweep-0903-20140903

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1NW


                     Copyright 2014 Norwalk Reflector, Ohio


                             906 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                           September 26, 2006 Tuesday

Local chiropractor arrested in fraud case;
State insurance commissioner refers to scheme as 'poster child of insurance
fraud'

BYLINE: Josh Richman, MEDIANEWS

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. F4

LENGTH: 399 words


An Alameda chiropractor was one of four Bay Area men arrested Thursday on
charges connected to a staged auto collision ring that allegedly caused more
than 100 incidents resulting in more than $2 million in losses to insurers.

"The scheme allegedly used by these suspects is the poster child for insurance
fraud,'' Insurance Commissioner John Garamendi said in a news release announcing
the arrests. "The claims were faked and the chiropractic bills and property
damages were faked, but the financial losses are very real for the consumers who
picked up the tab.''

Insurance Department fraud investigators, California Highway Patrol officers and
investigators from the Alameda County District Attorney's office descended upon
three law offices, three chiropractic clinics and three homes with search
warrants early Thursday morning, the climax of a two-year undercover
investigation dubbed "Operation Phantom Menace.'' Norberto "Chito'' Diaz Mora,
52, of Daly City was arrested on 140 felony counts including insurance fraud,
conspiracy and grand theft.

Officials say he was the alleged ringleader or "capper'' of the scheme.

Also arrested were three chiropractors: Marcello Mehmandoust, 39, of Alameda;
David Wu, 37, of San Francisco; and Reza Aliakbar, 39, of San Jose. All four
were booked into the Alameda County jail, with bail ranging from $100,000 to
$250,000. If convicted, each could face up to five years in prison and be fined
up to $50,000 or twice the value of the fraud.

The suspects allegedly recruited people with policies covering bodily injury
damages, instructing them to crash their vehicles in staged collisions or file
false police reports or insurance claims on collisions that never happened.

Mora allegedly recruited more people to lie that they were injured passengers in
these vehicles, and make false insurance claims requiring chiropractic
treatment. The three chiropractors allegedly provided bills to the victims'
insurance companies for services never rendered.

In some cases the chiropractors met with undercover investigators between one
and five times, and then submitted fictitious bills for more than 20 treatments
which were never performed.

California Board of Chiropractic Examiners records show Mehmandoust practices in
Newark, Wu practices in San Francisco and Oakland and Aliakbar practices in
Newark and Burlingame.

Reach Josh Richman at alamedanews@cctimes.com.

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             907 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

             September 14, 1983, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

Gold Traders Check Files

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section D; Page 18, Column 5; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 182 words

DATELINE: FORT LAUDERDALE, Fla., Sept. 13


The Alderdice brothers have been allowed out of their jail cells to begin poring
over the financial records of their bankrupt gold and silver trading company in
an effort to clear themselves of fraud charges.

''We're here to fight back with the truth,'' said William Alderdice, the
39-year-old president of the International Gold Bullion Exchange. ''No one has
audited our books or records, yet we're charged with stealing and defrauding
investors.''

Both wearing handcuffs, Mr. Alderdice and his brother, James, 26, arrived Monday
in a sheriff's patrol car at the locked headquarters of their company, where
they were greeted by friends and relatives.

Investors lost an estimated $20 million to $40 million when the company was shut
down by court order in April.

A Federal indictment charges each Alderdice with one count of conspiracy, three
counts of wire fraud and 14 counts of mail fraud.

In July, a New York State grand jury indicted them for securities fraud and
grand larceny.

The brothers have been in jail since July 14, unable to post $500,000 bonds from
the New York case.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1983 The New York Times Company


                             908 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 May 22, 1981, Friday, Late City Final Edition

CALIFORNIA ALLEGES MORTGAGE FRAUD

BYLINE: By THOMAS J. LUECK, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section D; Page 3, Column 4; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 314 words

DATELINE: SAN FRANCISCO, May 21


California officials, alleging fraud, have opened an assault on a large group of
home mortgage brokerage firms that have offered unusually high rates of return
on investments in second or third mortgages.

At a news conference today, David H. Fox, director of the California Department
of Real Estate, accused Golden State Home Loans Inc. of ''fraud, dishonest
dealing and misrepresentation.'' He said the State Attorney General's office was
seeking an injunction against the Hayward, Calif., company, which held $38
million in investments from the public.

Today's accusations came one week after Mr. Fox's department issued ''desist and
refrain'' orders against 81 other home mortgage brokers. Among the charges
against those companies were that they advertised unreasonably high rates of
return, did not protect their clients' investments and lied to the clients about
how long they had been in business. Mr. Fox and Federal officials here said such
illegal conduct appeared to be confined to California so far.

Rates Up to 39% Advertised

Many companies, Mr. Fox said, have gone into business in California over the
last two years offering annual rates of return ranging from 18 to 39 percent on
what are called ''deeds of trust.'' These are investment instruments used to
capitalize second- or third-mortgage loans made to California homeowners by the
brokerage firms.

Sometimes, Mr. Fox said, the brokers have misled the borrowers by not explaining
what he called ''balloon payments.'' In such a case, a borrower makes monthly
payments that cover only the interest on the second-mortgage loan; the entire
principal comes due at the end of the term of the loan.

More often, Mr. Fox added, the violations have hurt people who invest in the
deeds of trust.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company


                             909 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                           January 10, 2015 Saturday

Obamacare, fraud top healthcare legal issues for 2015

LENGTH: 645  words


The U.S. Supreme Court's consideration of a case that could cripple Obamacare
will dominate the healthcare legal landscape for 2015.
Beyond that, a number of other important healthcare law and compliance issues
will play out in the courts and the regulatory agencies in 2015 in the areas of
fraud, antitrust and data security. In addition, the federal government's
enforcement of the healthcare reform law's 60-day rule for returning
overpayments, as well as pharmacy fraud, may grab attention this year, legal
experts say.


In March, the Supreme Court will hear the King v. Burwell case, which will
decide whether the language of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act
allows federal premium tax credits to Americans in states that have not
established their own insurance exchanges. The case has the potential to
severely disrupt or even unravel the healthcare reform law. It's expected to be
decided by June and is likely to be a closely divided decision.
"That permeates, from my lens, a lot of the business decisions taking place in
this country and a lot of the directions that hospitals and providers and
insurance companies are moving," said Lois Cornell, president-elect of the
American Health Lawyers Association and chief administrative officer and general
counsel at Tufts Health Plan in Massachusetts. "It's huge."
On a smaller scale, the courts in 2015 likely will continue to handle many
healthcare fraud cases, particularly related to the anti-kickback law and the
Stark law, which governs physician referrals and financial relationships, said
Louis Saccoccio, CEO of the National Health Care Anti-Fraud Association. HHS'
Office of Inspector General listed fighting fraud in Medicaid and Medicare among
its top management and performance challenges for 2014.
Saccoccio predicted that fraud allegations involving pharmacies might gain a
higher profile in 2015.
More cases also may be brought in 2015 involving the federal 60-day rule, he
said. Under the ACA, healthcare providers have 60 days to return Medicare and
Medicaid overpayments once those overpayments are identified, or else they can
be found in violation of the False Claims Act. In 2014, a repayment case was
brought against Mount Sinai Health System in New York. That case is pending.
Healthcare lawyers say they expect more antitrust litigation in the coming year
as providers try to figure out how to consolidate and form partnerships to
reduce costs and improve quality of care without running afoul of laws designed
to preserve competition. "The Federal Trade Commission and the Department of
Justice have shown they will keep a keen eye on those activities," said Brian
Betner, a shareholder with Hall Render Killian Heath and Lyman in Indianapolis.
Peter Pavarini, president of the American Health Lawyers Association and a
co-leader of the health law practice at Squire Patton Boggs in Columbus, Ohio,
said providers are caught in what many see as a contradiction between the ACA's
mandate to reduce costs and improve care and the antitrust laws. "As long as the
antitrust laws ... stay the way they are, this issue will continue," he said.
Antitrust cases from 2014, such as one involving St. Luke's Health System in
Idaho, may help define the issue moving forward, Cornell said. That case is
about whether the St. Luke's acquisition of a large Nampa, Idaho, medical group
violates antitrust laws. "There will be some developments and directives given
that will give us a sense of how large an organization can get to achieve
efficiencies," Cornell said.
Deborah Gersh, co-chair of the healthcare practice group at Ropes & Gray in
Chicago, said she wouldn't be surprised to see more litigation over data
breaches. The courts haven't yet settled whether employers should be held
responsible when employees intentionally cause such breaches, she said. 2014
Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: January 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                             910 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Hartford Courant (Connecticut)

                              June 18, 2010 Friday
                               FINAL - 5 EDITION

MORTGAGE FRAUD CRACKDOWN

BYLINE: KENNETH R. GOSSELIN; kgosselin@courant.com

SECTION: MAIN; Pg. A10

LENGTH: 567 words

DATELINE: NEW HAVEN -


In a major crackdown on mortgage fraud in Connecticut, federal authorities
charged 15 people - attorneys, mortgage brokers, licensed real estate agents, an
appraiser and others - with profiting from three intricate schemes that have
cost lenders at least $6.5 million so far.

In his first public appearance, David B. Fein, the newly confirmed U.S. Attorney
for Connecticut, vowed that federal law enforcement officials would not waver in
seeking out perpetrators of mortgage fraud, which threatens the recovery of the
housing market.

"In addition to investigating past mortgage fraud schemes, the [Connecticut
Mortgage Fraud Task Force] is focusing on emerging crime trends that are
associated with the growing tide of foreclosures, including foreclosure rescue
schemes, and short sale schemes," Fein said in a news conference at his office
in New Haven.

The three schemes, which included falsifying mortgage applications, paying off
people to act as buyers and inflating loan amounts, were concentrated in New
Haven, Windham and New London counties. But Fein said federal authorities -
including the FBI, the IRS and the Department of Housing and Urban Development -
are also investigating in Hartford and Fairfield counties.

Thursday's crackdown in Connecticut came on the same day as a nationwide
announcement in Washington, D.C., of mortgage fraud investigations. Since March
1, the initiative, dubbed "Operation Stolen Dreams," has involved 485 arrests
and 1,215 criminal defendants who are alleged to be responsible for more than
$2.3 billion in losses.

In Connecticut, the three schemes include:

Syed A. Babar of New London allegedly diverted portions of approved loan money
to several others, including four charged in this crackdown, between 2007 and
2010. The scheme involved fraudulent loan documents for 35 properties, inflated
sale prices and $10 million in loans. Some of the properties later fell into
foreclosure. Babar could not be reached for comment Thursday.

Jose Guzman of Waterford pleaded guilty in 2008 to charges that alleged he and
several others - including nine who were charged in this week's crackdown -
allegedly collected large commissions and fees from more than 100 mortgages that
were funded based on fraudulent representations. Guzman pleaded guilty to
charges in the scheme, which was active between 2004 and 2007. Guzman couldn't
be reached.

Menachem Yosef Levitin, also known as Joseph Levitin, allegedly used the
proceeds from about 40 fraudulent real estate transactions to purchase and
renovate at least 51 properties in New Haven that Levitin and other investors
now operate as rental properties. Federal authorities are seeking the forfeiture
of those properties. The investigation is ongoing; Levitin couldn't be reached.

The charges against the people targeted Thursday include wire fraud, mail fraud,
conspiracy, making a false statement and conspiracy to defraud the U.S. with
mortgages insured by the FHA and conspiracy to commit wire fraud. The charges
carry maximum penalties of 5 to 20 years and fines up to $250,000. (A complete
text of the official release can be found at courant.com/business.)

Fein encouraged consumers to report suspected cases of fraud to the Connecticut
Mortgage Fraud Task Force at 203-333-3512 or ctmortgagefraud@ic.fbi.gov The task
force was established in 2009 and includes both state and federal law
enforcement and regulatory agencies.

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2010 The Hartford Courant Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             911 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Wyoming Tribune-Eagle (Cheyenne)

                             March 3, 2016 Thursday

Hitching Post insurance fraud sentencing moved to June

BYLINE: Sarah Zoellick

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Main; Pg. 3-3 NEWS Hitching Post::1

LENGTH: 401 words


bkm

Hed: Hitching Post insurance fraud sentencing rescheduled

By Sarah Zoellick

Wyoming Tribune Eagle

CHEYENNE - A New Jersey man initially charged with arson in connection with the
Hitching Post Inn fire is now supposed to be sentenced in June.

Falgun Dharia was set to be sentenced Friday in a federal courtroom in New York
for a single count of conspiring to commit insurance fraud.

The case was transferred to the U.S. District Court of Eastern New York in July
so Dharia could plead guilty to only that count as part of a plea agreement
reached in the case.

In September, Dharia admitted to knowing about the arson when filing an
insurance claim for more than $13 million. He denies any involvement in the
arson itself.

A sentencing hearing was scheduled for November but got pushed back to March 4 -
this Friday.

It now is scheduled to happen June 3, according to the prosecutor assigned to
the case.

Dharia also is awaiting sentencing in a bank fraud case charged in the U.S.
District Court for the Eastern District of New York in July 2014.

The Hitching Post Inn - a longtime local lodging facility on West Lincolnway
that has struggled to regain its notoriety - erupted in flames back in September
2010.

Dharia was indicted four years later by a Wyoming federal grand jury on six
counts:

n

Conspiring to commit insurance fraud by mail and wire.

n

Aiding and abetting wire fraud.

n

Conspiring to commit arson.

n

Aiding and abetting arson.

n

Conspiring to use fire in the commission of another felony offense.

n

Aiding and abetting the use of fire in the commission of another felony.

One of Dharia's partners, Ajay Jariwala of Albuquerque, New Mexico, currently is
serving a six-year sentence for conspiring to commit arson. He pleaded guilty to
that crime and was sentenced in September 2013.

Dharia had hired Jariwala to oversee extensive renovations on the property.

Jariwala hired a man named Robert Rodriguez to set fire to the hotel's lodge
building. Rodriguez was sentenced in September 2013 to serve five years in
prison for counts of conspiring to commit fraud and aiding and abetting arson.

Rodriguez hired Marcus Trevino to help him set the fire. Trevino was sentenced
in June 2013 to serve two years in prison for the same crimes as Rodriguez.

Sarah Zoellick

is the Wyoming Tribune Eagle's criminal justice reporter. She can be reached at
szoellick@wyomingnews.com or 307-633-3122. Follow her on Twitter @sarahzoellick.

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 Cheyenne Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             912 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 27, 2015 Friday

Arizona: Former Rowan County Couple Sentenced on Fraud Charges in Connection
with Disappearance of Child

LENGTH: 373  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Justice has issued the following news releae:

GREENSBORO, NC--A former Rowan County couple was sentenced on fraud charges
today, according to Ripley Rand, United States Attorney for the Middle District
of North Carolina.

Sandy Wade Parsons, 41, and Casey Stone Parsons, 40, were sentenced by United
States District Judge Thomas D. Schroeder in Winston-Salem, North Carolina.
Sandy Parsons was sentenced to 96 months in prison; three years' supervised
release; $14,062.00 in restitution; and a special assessment of $4,300.00. Casey
Parsons was sentenced to 120 months in prison; three years' supervised release;
$41,814.00 in restitution; and a special assessment of $1,500.00.

Sandy Parsons was found guilty of forty-three federal fraud charges after a
trial in October 2014. The charges included one count of conspiracy to defraud
the government, one count of aggravated identity theft, one count of false
statement to a government agency, twenty counts of theft of government funds,
and twenty counts of mail fraud.

Casey Parsons pleaded guilty on October 1, 2014, to one count of conspiracy to
defraud the government, five counts of mail fraud, five counts of aiding in the
preparation of a false tax return, four counts of wire fraud, and one count of
aggravated identity theft.

"The investigation and prosecution of this case has been a shining example of
effective inter-agency cooperation," said United States Attorney Rand. "We would
like to thank our partners in the FBI, IRS, Social Security, North Carolina SBI,
and Rowan County Sheriff's Department for their work in making sure that Casey
and Sandy Parsons were held accountable for the fraud they committed in
connection with the disappearance of Erica Parsons."

The Casey Parsons and Sandy Parsons cases were investigated by the Rowan County
Sheriff's Office, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, Internal Revenue Service,
Criminal Investigation, the Social Security Administration, and the North
Carolina State Bureau of Investigation. The Casey Parsons and Sandy Parsons
cases were prosecuted by Assistant United States Attorney Anand Ramaswamy.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             913 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                           January 31, 2013 Thursday
                                  Main Edition

73-count case unsealed

BYLINE: Thomas Clouse<br> tomc@spokesman.com, (509) 459-5495<br>

SECTION: A; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1306 words


Feds unseal 73-count indictment against Spokane developer, his wife, girlfriend

Bonds set for developer Jeffreys, wife, girlfriend accused of fraudulent schemes

By Thomas Clouse

tomc@spokesman.com, (509) 459-5495

Web extra: Read the indictment against Jeffreys at spokesman .com/documents

Federal authorities unsealed a 73-count indictment Wednesday alleging bank fraud
, money laundering and wire fraud against Gregory D. Jeffreys, a Spokane
developer who has been largely blamed for the complicated legal and financial
mess of the Ridpath Hotel.

Jeffreys, 53, his wife and his apparent lover are accused by federal prosecutors
ofcomplicated financial schemes involving loans from investors and banks on
buildings that sometimes didn't exist.

U.S. Magistrate Judge Cynthia Imbrogno ordered Jeffreys, his wife, 53-year-old
Kimberly Jeffreys, and Shannon Stiltner, 51, who is described in court records
as Gregory Jeffreys' girlfriend, to remain in the Spokane County Jail each on a
$150,000 bond. All three pleaded not guilty.

Greg Jeffreys, dressed in blue jail garb, took off his glasses and rubbed his
eyes as Assistant U.S. Attorney Sean McLaughlin read off the potential
penalties, the highest being up to 30 years in prison and a fine of twice the
amount obtained through fraudulent means. Among the 73 charges are conspiracy to
commit bank fraud, bank fraud, theft of government property, wire fraud and
money laundering.

Spokane attorney Mark Vovos, who represented Greg Jeffreys at the hearing but
has not formally accepted the case, said federal agents arrested Jeffreys
Tuesday at Spokane International Airport as he was preparing for a business
trip.

Vovos said the Jeffreys "are not going anywhere," and that the couple have known
they were under federal investigation since their home was raided in July. "This
has been their home forever," he said.

As for the allegations that Jeffreys fraudulently convinced investors and banks
to participate in what the government describes as a Ponzi scheme, Vovos
replied: "A lot of people get involved in business. But these investors are not
just babes in the woods and neither are the banks. To say someone caused a bank
to do something ... that's what they do for a living."

The indictment lists dozens of limited liability companies that Jeffreys set up
to perpetrate the alleged fraud. The individual investors are identified only by
their initials, but they hail from Texas, Louisiana, California, Kansas,
Wisconsin, Florida, New York and Oregon.

"From in and around September 2009 and continuing through on or about June 10,
2011," the Jeffreyses and Stiltner worked together to "defraud one or more
financial institutions," McLaughlin wrote in the indictment.

Kimberly Jeffreys' Seattle-based attorney, Allen Bentley, asked Imbrogno to
release his client on her own recognizance, noting that she has no prior
criminal record.

"The indictment is merely allegations. How much of the alleged fraud was known
to Mrs. Jeffreys?" Allen asked. "How much was her husband's business dealings?
That's for the jury to decide."

But McLaughlin argued that Kimberly Jeffreys participated in a multimillion
dollar "fraud. We are asking for a bond that is meaningful," he said. "I'm quite
confident Mrs. Jeffreys can make that bond."

Ridpath not listed in indictment

The 51-page indictment does not list any of the multiple transactions involving
splitting up the Ridpath Hotel property.

The documents detail several transactions, starting in 2009 when the couple
applied for and received stimulus money from the government to build a Military
Entrance Processing Station in Airway Heights. They first secured a $700,000
loan from Genesis Financial for the construction of the facility.

Next, they "falsely and fraudulently solicited, and received approximately $1.35
million from private" investors, the indictment says.

The Jeffreyses paid $480,000 to a contractor to build the facility even though
the federal General Services Administration had paid them $1.8 million for the
building construction.

The couple is accused of "diverting remaining portions of the Genesis and
private MEPS investor funds for their own use and benefit," McLaughlin wrote.

The documents also detail how the Jeffreyses in November 2010 applied for a $6.5
million construction loan from Washington Trust Bank, using the $1.8 million
from GSA as collateral. The couple also obtained a $5.12 million loan from Wells
Fargo and Phoenix Life Insurance using the same $1.8 million from the GSA as
collateral to secure the loan.

The Jeffreyses then deposited the $1.8 million into their personal accounts to
pay debts, gave some cash to their children and spent thousands gambling in Las
Vegas, according to previous court records.

The loans with Washington Trust Bank and Wells Fargo were foreclosed, "resulting
in substantial losses," McLaughlin wrote.

Emails noted progress on false project

Much of the case is built around paperwork seized in July 2011 from the
Jeffreyses' Spokane Valley home on North Vista Court.

The 400,000 pages of documents detail how Greg Jeffreys persuaded five investors
to contribute $325,000 toward a $2.8 million project to build a different
Military Entrance Processing Station, in Denver.

Records detail how Jeffreys used Shannon Stiltner to send investors information
about the project. In the email, Stiltner wrote that contractors were "hanging
the exterior curtain wall glass now."

The address investors were given for the processing center actually was a
federal office building, the Cesar L. Chavez Memorial Building. None of the
construction officials had ever heard of Greg Jeffreys. Furthermore, the
government already had a Military Entrance Processing Station in Denver, which
opened in 2011 at a different location.

"There is no evidence that Gregory Jeffreys has been working in the Denver areas
on the aforementioned real estate projects," FBI special agent Lisa Jangaard
wrote as part of her investigation. "To the contrary, evidence to date has
revealed that Gregory Jeffreys has represented to investors that he was in
Denver, Colorado, while at the same time, he was also physically observed by
other witnesses in Spokane."

Money loaned on two phony condo projects

Jangaard described a "large volume" of money passing through an account jointly
held by Greg Jeffreys and Stiltner. With money being paid out to investors and
credits, the accounts indicate "that Gregory Jeffreys and others are likely
involved in the perpetuation of a Ponzi scheme," she wrote.

A Ponzi scheme works by creating false business proposals using financial
statements, promissory notes, appraisals and other documents to lure investors,
and promising high interest returns and profits, McLaughlin wrote.

For example, one of the unnamed investors in the Denver deal loaned Greg
Jeffreys $600,000 for a San Francisco building that didn't exist.

"In furtherance of the scheme, Gregory Jeffreys altered an existing appraisal on
his own condominium unit by changing the address of the appraised properties,
the comparable properties and other relevant data," Jangaard wrote. "These
representations were made verbally ... through electronic mail messages, and in
documents mailed to the investors."

In yet another deal, Jeffreys sought investors for what he described as a
200-unit condominium in Seattle and sought financing for what he described as
"Mullan Midnight Condo's" in Mullan, Idaho, to support the burgeoning mining
industry. But neither building existed.

Likewise, Jeffreys in another deal convinced an investor from Houston to wire
$205,000, and another investor from Louisiana to wire $100,000, for a 100-unit
apartment building on East Seltice Way in Coeur d'Alene. That building didn't
exist and Jeffreys and Stiltner diverted the money for their own use, according
to court records.

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2013 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             914 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                           September 1, 2012 Saturday
                                 Drive Edition

FRAUD PROGRAMS SET

BYLINE: STAFF AND WIRE REPORTS

SECTION: BUSINESS; OKLAHOMA BRIEFS; Pg. 4B

LENGTH: 451 words

DATELINE: TULSA


The Oklahoma Insurance Department has scheduled Senior Fraud Conferences this
month in Ponca City and Durant. The Ponca City event will be Sept. 14 at the
Pioneer Technology Center. The Durant conference will be Sept. 26 at the Donald
W. Reynolds Community Center. On-site registration and breakfast begin at 8 a.m.
with presentations from 8:30 a.m. to 11:30 a.m. "We've had a great response to
these conferences," Oklahoma Insurance Commissioner John D. Doak said.
Conference topics include: Medicare fraud, funeral home trust fraud, contractor
fraud and investment fraud. Participants will attend a "Fraud Fashion Show,"
featuring utility workers, city workers and first responders in their official
uniforms explaining what happens during a legitimate home visit. The conference
is free for senior adults and includes breakfast. There is a $25 fee for
insurance and law enforcement professionals seeking Continuing Education credit.
Preregistration is encouraged and available online at
www.ok.gov/oid/Public_Information/Events or by phone at (800) 763-2828.

WILLIAMS PARTNERS TO INVEST IN W. VA.

TULSA - Tulsa-based Williams Partners LP plans to invest $1.34 billion in West
Virginia by 2014, the partnership announced Thursday with state Gov. Earl Ray
Tomblin. Williams Partners expects to create 100 new long-term jobs as it
develops midstream infrastructure in West Virginia. "Williams' commitment to
Marshall County and the entire Northern Panhandle is an example of the growing
opportunities Marcellus Shale development is bringing to West Virginia," Tomblin
said. "The investment and jobs will have lasting effects on the region as the
workers needed will be operating and maintaining Williams' facilities and
pipelines for many years to come."

LOUISIANA BIOFUEL PLANT SURVIVES ISAAC

The Dynamic Fuels biofuel plant in Louisiana was not damaged by Hurricane Isaac,
operator Syntroleum Corp. said Thursday. The plant, a joint venture of
Syntroleum and Tyson Foods Inc., was shut down as the storm advanced on the
state earlier this week. Workers are preparing to restart the facility, which
turns animal waste into renewable diesel fuel.

AIRLINES MOVE CLOSER TO MERGER

American Airlines and US Airways are one step closer to a potential merger. The
companies said Friday they have started confidential merger talks. But a deal is
still far from reality. Such a merger would put the combined airline on par with
the world's largest - United Continental Holdings Inc. - and the slightly
smaller Delta Air Lines. Its position as the No. 1 or No. 2 airline in the
world, based on how many miles its passengers fly, would depend on how many
routes antitrust regulators force the combined airline to abandon.



LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2012 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                             915 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   The Times-Tribune (Scranton, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 2, 2010 Thursday

Ex-Moses Taylor CFO indicted on fraud charges in Connecticut

BYLINE: Joe McDonald, The Times-Tribune, Scranton, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 358 words


Sept. 02--Roe indicted in Connecticut

Former aide to MTH faces fraud charge

A federal grand jury in Connecticut indicted the former chief financial
operations officer at Moses Taylor Hospital on Wednesday on charges he submitted
phony invoices from a company he owned to two hospitals where he worked.

The grand jury in Hartford indicted William Roe, 56, on one count of wire fraud
and two counts of interstate transÂ­portation of stolen money.

If convicted, Mr. Roe faces up to 20 years in prison and a $1 million fine for
the wire fraud count and 20 years in prison and a $500,000 fine for the
interstate theft charges.

The charges involve bogus invoices Mr. Roe issued from Cycle Software Solutions,
a company he owned in his hometown of Archbald, prosecutors said. The alleged
victims were the hospitals where he was employed as chief financial officer, the
six-page indictment states.

The two hospitals were defrauded out of more than $150,000 between July 2008 and
July 2010, the indictment states.

The indictment claims Mr. Roe, who worked at Moses Taylor from 1998 to 2006,
formed Cycle Software Solutions as part of a scheme he hatched to steal money
from hospitals. According to the indictÂ­ment, he submitted bills for services
never provided and pocketed the money.

Mr. Roe's legal problems surfaced last week after he was arrested by local FBI
agents who picked him up in Archbald on charges he had violated bail conditions
that were set after his arrest Aug. 17 in Connecticut. The charges -- federal
wire fraud and interstate transport of stolen funds -- stemmed from the
investigation into the fraud at the two hospitals where he worked.

Contact the writer: jmcdonald @timesshamrock.com

To see more of The Times-Tribune or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.thetimes-tribune.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, The Times-Tribune,
Scranton, Pa. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail
services@mctinfoservices.com, or call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States,
call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100902-YT-Ex-Moses-Taylor-CFO-indicted-on-fraud
-charges-in-Connecticut-0902-20100902

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YT


                        Copyright 2010 The Times-Tribune


                             916 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 July 20, 1995, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

CONSUMER'S WORLD;
Web of Cellular Phone Fraud Widens

BYLINE: By BRYAN MILLER

SECTION: Section C;  Page 1;  Column 2;  Home Desk

LENGTH: 1741 words


HENRY DUQUETTE, who operates a limousine service in the Hudson Valley town of
Pleasant Valley, N.Y., was delighted with the cellular telephone that he bought
for his car earlier this year. No more searching for phone booths. No more
scrambling for change.

Then the March bill arrived.

"It was $5,000!" he recalled, his voice jumping an octave at the memory. "There
were pages and pages of phone calls all over the place."

Like thousands of other cellular phone users across the country, Mr. Duquette's
number had been "cloned," meaning that his cellular phone's identification
numbers had been illegally copied. Once largely confined to New York City, Los
Angeles and Miami, cellular phone cloning is spreading rapidly in smaller cities
and rural areas, confounding law enforcement efforts to curtail it.

Although technological advances and enhanced law enforcement have slowed or
stopped the growth of cellular fraud in some areas, these efforts are being
overwhelmed, the industry says, as criminals take their business to Detroit,
Chicago, Columbus, Dallas, Seattle and other previously unaffected cities. In
fact, before this year, cellular phone fraud was all but unheard of in Columbus,
Dayton and Cincinnati.

"The cases have increased by 100 percent," said Christopher Carpenter, assistant
manager for loss prevention at Ameritech Cellular.

According to industry statistics, 25 million Americans now use cellular phones
and subscribers are growing by 28,000 every day. Fraud victims are not
responsible for the counterfeit calls, estimated to have cost the industry more
than $1 million a day last year and heading toward half a billion dollars for
this year. Although the cost of fraud is reflected in consumer prices, Mike
Houghton, a spokesman for the Cellular Telecommunication Industry Association in
Washington, said it was difficult to say how much fraud inflates phone bills.

A spokesman for the mobile phone company that Mr. Duquette uses, the United
States Cellular Corporation, in Poughkeepsie, N.Y., explained that electronic
bandits had aimed a cellular telephone scanner at his car, probably when he was
at one of the New York City airports, and picked up his electronic serial number
and mobile identification number. Using ordinary computers and special software,
the thieves transferred the numbers to other cellular phones.

"In the last three months we have been getting reports of fraud in Ulster
County, N.Y.," said Christine Maietta, the fraud prevention representative for
United States Cellular. "We're getting about 10 to 12 customers coming in a
month, including two of our employees."

Phone cloners typically set up operations at spots with high traffic volume and
aim the scanner at cars. Cellular phones emit a radio signal every 15 minutes
that identifies them to transmitters. Picking up numbers, authorities say, can
be as easy as fly fishing in a trout hatchery.

According to law enforcement authorities, illegal cellular phones are frequently
used by drug dealers who desire untraceable calling. Cellular phones can be
tapped, but it is more difficult when phones and numbers are changing
constantly.

"These people are not looking for free phone service," said Roseanna DeMaria,
formerly a narcotics specialist with the United States Attorney for the Southern
District of New York, who now works for Cellular One.

Sometimes the counterfeit phones are rented or sold to those who seek free,
unlimited calling -- that is, until the cellular company catches on and cancels
the account, a process that usually takes two to six weeks. (The typical sale
price is $100 to $200.)

"These people even offer a one-month guarantee with the phones," said Robin
Traum, a spokeswoman for Cellular One. "If your phone gets shut down, you go
back and they program it with another number."

The major inconvenience to legitimate phone users is having to return to their
cellular company to have their phone reprogrammed.

That is what Mr. Duquette did in Poughkeepsie.

"Then my next bill was $6,700," he recalled with a laugh. "At least it wasn't
such a big shock this time."

Ken Backofen of Kingston, N.Y., has been cloned twice in the last year, for a
total of $6,200.

"I'm pretty sure they got me the last time at the G. W. Bridge," he said. "I
tried to be my own detective by calling some of the numbers on my bill, but it
went nowhere."

In New York the most vulnerable locations are the George Washington Bridge, the
F.D.R. Drive and the airports. In Los Angeles last year, police arrested a man
who was sitting on the sidewalk, apparently homeless, holding a cardboard sign
asking for money. Behind his sign was a $2,000 scanner.

"We shut down one operation in the Bronx with 300 phones that they were renting
out to people from a storefront," said Brian F. Gimlett, a special agent for the
Secret Service in the New York region. In February, an Electronic Crimes Task
Force was formed combining state and Federal law enforcement agents. More than
100 arrests have been made, and two dozen cloning operations have been shut
down. Agents like Mr. Gimlet concede, however, that the problem may be growing
faster than the effort to counter it.

"I don't think you will ever shut it down," he said. "It's like credit card
fraud in the 1980's. For a while it was a major problem. Then with technological
advances most of it was cut out. But it still exists."

Not surprisingly, the cellular phone industry is spearheading a nationwide
antifraud campaign that involves legislative initiatives, law enforcement and
education.

Cellular phone use, which blossomed in the late 1980's, first became the focus
of fraud in 1991, when organized drug importers saw it as a way to communicate
without leaving paper records. The industry soon formed a fraud task force that
has become increasingly aggressive in coordinating countertechnology and law
enforcement efforts. In 1993, for example, New York State passed a bill changing
cellular counterfeiting from a misdemeanor to a felony. Last year, Congress made
such activities a Federal crime subject to 15 years in prison and a $250,000
fine.

Florida has made illicit possession of a scanner a crime. Similar bills have
been proposed in Oregon, Texas, Minnesota, Utah, Pennsylvania and Washington.
Councilman John Sabini of New York City's 25th District, near La Guardia
Airport, which he calls "the cloning capital of the world," is drafting a bill
that would strengthen penalties for cellular phone fraud.

"They caught one guy who set up his scanning equipment at the Days Inn, and he
was off on the golf course or something while it was working!" Mr. Sabini said.

To make matters worse for cellular phone companies, some otherwise honest people
are faking phone cloning in order to avoid paying their legitimate bills.

"This cloning is the best thing that ever happened to me," said a limousine
driver on Long Island, who declined to be identified. "Every four or five
months, if I use the car phone a lot, I start making dozens of calls to random
numbers. The company invalidates the bill, and I don't have to pay anything!"

If cellular phone fraud is to be seriously curtailed, the industry says, it will
come from technology as much as police work. Already companies like Cellular
One, a franchise operation, is offering secret personal identification numbers
that must be used to activate a phone. Only the user and the phone company have
the number. L.A. Cellular, another clone-plagued company, offers customers a
similar code, as does Southwestern Bell, which earlier this year lost $3 million
in one day through illegal calls. While they require extra effort and memory on
the part of users, so far these codes have been highly effective.

"But the criminal element can be very determined and very sophisticated," said
Ms. Traum of Cellular One. "Eventually they will find a way around it."

For example, Nynex now programs most of its cellular phones so they cannot make
international calls, a common forum for fraud. Recently a man devised a routine
in which he called a friend in Columbus, Ohio, who in turn made conference calls
to Pakistan and Kuwait. The man in New York sold the calling time from a
storefront.

Another fraud detection system involves tracking calling patterns of customers
so that when, say, 17 successive calls to Bogota are detected, the system shuts
down automatically and the customer is notified. The industry is testing a
"radio fingerprinting" that would help secure legitimate telephones.

"This is a high-tech war against high-tech crooks," said Mr. Houghton of the
Cellular Telecommunications Industry Association. "We just hope to stay one step
ahead of them."

How Thieves Operate

pICKING off identification numbers from cellular phones -- especially those
without special antifraud devices -- is exasperatingly easy, law enforcement
officials say. Cellular bandits use electronic scanners, the same machines that
cellular phone companies use for legitimate reasons: to install identification
numbers in new telephones.

Until recently, anyone could buy one of these 800-megahertz scanners through
industry catalogues or from distributors. Today, cities like New York and Los
Angeles are considering laws to make illicit ownership of scanners a crime.
Scanners are no longer available in retail electronic stores. In Florida, where
such a law was enacted last year, the price of an illegal scanner jumped from
$1,500 to about $3,000. Such scanners go for about $2,000 in New York City,
according to the police.

Thieves can set up anywhere there is significant traffic. Every time a cellular
phone starts a call, it transmits its identification numbers -- digits that
scanners can pick up. Telephones also broadcast these numbers every 15 minutes
so cellular companies can track them for call routing.

Some people with scanners sit in their cars nearby and aim them at traffic;
others have ancillary antennae that allow them to work from a mile or more away.
Yet others set them up in buildings some distance from roads or airports and
hook them directly to a printer. They can go away for hours and come back to
pick up the printed numbers.

Thieves need more than numbers to clone a phone. They also need a computer and
special software that transfers the stolen numbers to a microchip on a new
telephone. The computer costs about $2,000; the software can be pirated.   BRYAN
MILLER

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Drawing. (pg. C2)

                   Copyright 1995 The New York Times Company


                             917 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                     August 29, 1995, Tuesday, City Edition

Food stamps becoming fraud stamps

BYLINE: DIANE RADO

SECTION: TAMPA BAY AND STATE; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 764 words

DATELINE: TALLAHASSEE



In South Florida, a Belle Glade woman assumed the identity of a dead person  to
cash welfare checks she took from a mailbox.

  In the Panhandle, people traveled along Interstate 10, applying for and
receiving food stamps from several states at the same time.

  Around Florida, the very people hired by the state to disburse welfare
benefits participated in schemes to rip off food stamps and public assistance
payments.

  Those are just a few examples of fraud uncovered last fiscal year during  an
investigation of public assistance fraud in Florida.

  While state officials usually make headlines for embarrassingly high  error
rates in welfare programs, the Division of Public Assistance Fraud in  the
auditor general's office has been trying to combat fraud and is getting
results, according to a newly released annual report.

  Between July 1, 1994, and June 30, 1995, the division completed 8,090  cases
of welfare fraud that had a "positive disposition." That means there  was enough
evidence to refer the matter to a state attorney for prosecution,  to send the
case to the state Department of Health and Rehabilitative Services  for a review
that could lead to a cutoff in benefits, or to prevent someone  trying to
defraud the state from actually getting welfare benefits.

  The cases involved at least $ 12.6-million, which translates to savings  to
taxpayers, said Christo Tolia, director of the Division of Public  Assistance
Fraud.

  Some of the savings are up front - fraud prevention investigations  stopped
the state from awarding $ 6.5-million in benefits. In other cases, the  state
has to try to collect the fraudulent payments. In 1994-95, courts  ordered
welfare recipients to make $ 1.2-million in restitution.

  In addition, 1,401 people were disqualified from getting food stamps for  a
total of 8,589 months. That saves the state more money, although an exact
figure was not calculated, Tolia said.

  While prevention has been emphasized in the past, Tolia said this year's
review focused on investigating fraud after benefits were issued.

  There was no shortage of cases, and the report offers a glimpse into a  wide
range of fraudulent schemes. The division reviewed 31,385 cases of  suspected
fraud in food stamps, Aid to Families with Dependent Children, and  Medicaid,
and worked with other state and federal agencies:

   When the state of New York asked for a computer printout from Florida  on
people receiving welfare, officials found that more than 2,000 people were
receiving benefits in New York and Florida at the same time.

  Tolia said there is no national database to check if someone is getting
benefits elsewhere. Applicants are asked if they are getting benefits in
another state, but lying is hard to prove. "You can't call 49 other states,  and
there is no central place you can check," Tolia said.

 The cases are being reviewed for possible prosecution.

  Auditors in Pensacola also are reviewing cases in which people traveled  along
I-10 and applied for food stamps in nearby states along the way. So far,  more
than 20 cases of "duplicate" participation have been discovered and  Florida
officials are getting information from Georgia, Alabama, Mississippi,  Louisiana
and Texas.

   There were several schemes to obtain fraudulent benefits in the Tampa  area.
Among them, an HRS employee logged on to the welfare computer system,  issued
improper benefits totaling $ 21,408, and recruited people to collect the  money.
The participants shared in the profits. The employee was charged with  grand
theft.

   In DeLand, a former food stamp recipient was hired by HRS as a  temporary
worker. He then certified himself as eligible to receive food  stamps, even
though he had been declared ineligible because he failed to  comply with a state
program that attempts to get welfare recipients working  and off welfare. He was
charged and ultimately placed on probation.

   In Miami, an HRS worker was involved in a scheme that led to the  illegal
disbursement of $ 71,379. The case is pending with the state attorney.

   A Belle Glade woman went to great lengths to get welfare money from the
state: She assumed the identity of a dead welfare recipient, took welfare
checks from the dead person's mailbox, got an identification card from the
state Department of Highway Safety and Motor Vehicles in the dead woman's  name,
and cashed welfare checks at a bank. Prosecutors filed charges, and the  case is
pending.

LOAD-DATE: August 30, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: TAMPA BAY AND STATE; TAMPA TODAY

                    Copyright 1995 Times Publishing Company


                             918 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     June 25, 1991, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Anatomy of a scam // Rip-off artists help push up health costs

BYLINE: Kevin Anderson

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 1392 words


The crime is wildly lucrative. The tools can be found in any doctor's office:
some medical equipment, a pen and a claim form.

Health-insurance fraud is reaching an alarming scale. This year, for the first
time, insurers will recover more than $ 100 million from medical scam artists,
nearly double what they recouped two years ago. Yet health-fraud cops say the
only thing growing faster than their own resources and success is the
sophistication of the crooks. This month a Los Angeles grand jury indicted
Michael Smushkevitch, alleged head of a health-insurance fraud ring thought to
have taken in a staggering $ 1 billion since 1986.

The big picture is hard to pin down, but experts generally agree that a
relatively tiny number of scam artists, shady medical entrepreneurs and doctors
gone bad cheat the health-care system of an estimated $ 20 billion to $ 30
billion a year. The sum dwarfs the estimated $ 17 billion-a-year value federal
experts put on the crack cocaine trade, a breed of crime that dominates the
attention of law enforcement. Yet it represents just over 3% of what we'll spend
on health care this year. That's a level of theft loss the average 7-Eleven
would readily tolerate.

That's also part of the reason insurers have had to stand on chairs and scream
to get lawmakers, judges and prosecutors to treat health-insurance fraud like
the gigantic rip-off it is. After all, no guns are used. The apparent victims
are faceless companies. And the criminal is sometimes an avuncular M.D. in a
white coat. ''I stood in a judge's chambers once listening to him say how one of
the most blatant scam artists 'had devoted his life to medicine and must have
had a good reason for doing what he did,' '' says Tom Ward, head of the fraud
unit of Empire Blue Cross/Blue Shield in New York.

Sentences are light; laws weak. District attorneys are busy with flashier
crimes. ''It's not easy to get the attention of prosecutors,'' Ward says. ''But
we're getting it now.''

That's the good news. Soaring health-care costs have captured the public's
attention. And while health-insurance fraud may be only a minor reason why
health costs are rising, it is certainly the most galling. ''I used to go after
illegal drug traffickers on the street,'' says Greg Anderson, a Michigan state
police officer turned health-insurance fraud cop. ''Now I go after people who
traffic fraudulently in prescription drugs.'' It burns him up just as much,
Anderson says, because people do get hurt: ''At worst, these scams can endanger
people's health. At the very least, they make insurance more expensive for
everyone, because we pass these losses on.''

Insurance company fraud chiefs from across the country say they're finding it
easier to prosecute aggressively, to recover money in civil suits and to get
legislatures to pass tougher insurance fraud laws. Insurers are finding that for
every dollar they spend suppressing fraud, they recover $ 4; so they're beefing
up fraud units.

So are the feds. Ten years ago, the inspector general's office of what's now the
Department of Health and Human Services was winning 15 to 20 health- fraud
convictions a year. ''Now it's 150 to 160,'' says Larry D. Morey , deputy
inspector general for HHS. ''I'll get sanctions against another 1,000 providers,
compared with 30 a decade ago.'' Last year his office recovered $ 15 million in
civil penalties for fraud. So far this year, it's $ 26 million.

The bad news is that's a relative drop in the bucket, and the con artists are
pulling away at warp speed. ''Our success has been positive, but it's breeding a
second generation of fraud,'' Anderson says. ''Those intent on doing this have
been prompted to attempt more complicated schemes that are harder to crack. The
fight has moved to the trenches.''

Among the battles are these types of health-insurance fraud schemes:

- The TENS scam. The transcutaneous electric nerve stimulator is a box as big as
a telephone beeper that can sometimes block pain when its electrodes are pressed
against the skin. ''Doctors are divided over whether it works. But that little
box has sure caused a lot of problems for fraud units all over the country,''
Ward says. In one classic case, he recalls, a scam artist ''formed an unholy
alliance with at least 10 podiatrists in New York City.'' The doctors got $ 250
each time they prescribed a TENS unit for foot pain; their office assistants got
$ 200 a week.

The scam artist would pick up the claim forms, - which billed insurers $ 250 a
week for TENS rental, - and change the addresses, diverting the checks to a mail
drop. He'd then forge the patient's name, deposit the check and cover his trail
by using more than 50 dummy medical equipment companies. His take: more than $ 1
million a year for at least 10 years. ''The guy was like a chameleon on plaid,''
Ward says. ''It took years to run him down.'' He pleaded guilty to mail fraud in
late 1989 and still awaits sentencing - ''probably 14 to 24 months,'' Ward says.
''Meanwhile, the guy is out doing the same thing with nebulizers ,'' which
produce medication mists for lung problems.

- Medical equipment rip-offs. Telemarketers cross-match mailing lists to
identify Medicare recipients and their specific health problems, then call to
offer equipment and devices that ostensibly will help - at wildly inflated
prices. Among the rip-offs detailed at a Senate hearing last month: a foam pad
to prevent bedsores costing $ 28.57 and priced at $ 1,132; a $ 94.95 paraffin
bath rented to arthritis patients for $ 658 a year - something of questionable
medical value that could cause burns.

- - Prescription mills. Scams use phony prescriptions to obtain narcotics for
illegal resale on the street. ''I could spend the rest of my life working on
'scrip mills and not make a dent,'' says HHS's Morey. Sales of narcotic
prescription drugs dropped 35% after Michigan began requiring triplicate forms
so extra copies could go to investigators.

- Crooked doctors. Most scams don't involve doctors, or involve them only as
dupes. Morey notes that only 20 of the 160 fraud convictions he won last year
were against doctors. (Insurers' main problem with doctors is termed abuse -
overtesting, overtreating, overcharging - but insurers draw a line between that
and intentional fraud.)

But some doctors do cross the fraud line. Morey tells of an ophthalmologist in
Ohio who was billing for laser surgery for glaucoma on every patient but didn't
own a laser. Ward recalls a doctor who was billing for scores of endoscopies, -
looking inside the body with fiber-optic tubes; the doctor was a psychiatrist.

- Crooked brokers. This is the one type of health-insurance fraud that hurts the
patient rather than the insurer. Crooked insurance brokers, or con artists
posing as brokers, pocket customers' premiums and never purchase coverage.
Victims sometimes go for years without getting sick, then find themselves stuck
for thousands of dollars in medical bills they thought insurance would cover. An
instance of that in Alabama figured in a Supreme Court case last fall.

- Recovery scams. In this simple but effective scam, phony collection agencies
call a doctor and offer to go through his oldest accounts receivable to see what
bad debt they can recover for him. ''They just start Xeroxing claim forms,
changing addresses and resubmitting old claims,'' Morey says.

How consumers can help stop fraud

As health-insurance scams grow more sophisticated, fraud cops say they must rely
more and more on patients as a front-line defense. ''A lot of this fraud would
shut down if people would follow that old cliche - if it seems too good to be
true, it is,'' says Louis Lovato, chief fraud cop for California Blue Shield.
''If you get a great-sounding offer from a stranger, especially on the phone, be
suspicious. Check with your insurer.'' Other tips:

- Don't sign a blank claim form for a doctor you don't know and trust.

- Double-check the benefits statement you should get detailing what was billed
and what was paid. (You should get one even if the insurance check went straight
to the doctor or hospital.) Make sure everything billed for was actually
performed.

- The best defense: a good long-term relationship with a doctor you like and
trust. If you have one, run any offers from strangers by him or her.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC; color, Rod Little, USA TODAY, Source: USA TODAY research
(Drawing)

TYPE: Cover Story

See info box at end of text; See Sidebar; Lab scams roll up big health bills;
HEALTH & MONEY

                      Copyright 1991 Gannett Company Inc.


                             919 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Erie Times-News (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 24, 2014 Wednesday

BRIEF: California man charged in Erie bank fraud

BYLINE: Ed Palattella, Erie Times-News, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 216 words


Sept. 24--A 30-year-old businessman from the San Francisco area has been charged
in federal court in Erie with running a $1 million nationwide bank fraud scheme
that stretched to two Erie-based credit unions.

Alex K. Philip is accused of using falsified information, such as earnings
statements and tax returns, to successfully apply for more than $1 million in
automobile loans, consumer loans and lines of credit from January 2010 to
January 2013, according to charging documents filed on Tuesday.

Philip and others ran the scheme through his company, Philip Investments Inc.,
which had bank accounts in San Fransisco and San Jose, Calif., the U.S.
Attorney's Office said in the charging documents.

The office is alleging Philip and his company defrauded 21 financial
institutions, including the Erie Federal Credit Union and the Erie Community
Credit Union.

Philip is accused of the felonies of bank fraud and conspiracy to commit bank
fraud. He is not in custody, but is expected to appear in court at a hearing
that has yet to be scheduled.

Assistant U.S. Attorney Marshall Piccinini is prosecuting. Philip's lawyer,
Daniel L. Barton, is from Palo Alto, Calif.

___ (c)2014 the Erie Times-News (Erie, Pa.) Visit the Erie Times-News (Erie,
Pa.) at www.GoErie.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140924-EI-BRF-California-man-charged-in-Erie-bank-fraud-0924-20140924

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EI


                         Copyright 2014 Erie Times-News


                             920 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Topeka Capital-Journal (Kansas)

                             August 12, 2011 Friday

KC couple charged in adoption fraud

BYLINE: Tim Carpenter.

THE CAPITAL-JOURNAL

LENGTH: 367 words


Federal prosecutors released an indictment Thursday alleging a Kansas City, Mo.,
man and woman operated an adoption scam that defrauded 14 couples from seven
states who provided cash and gifts to curry favor.

In one instance, a couple in Minnesota wired more than $16,000 to an escrow
account so an Overland Park adoption agency could begin making payments to
defendant Roxanne Janel Jones, 34.

U.S. Attorney for Kansas Barry Grissom said Jones and co-defendant Taj A.
Isaiah, 28, were charged with one count of conspiracy and four counts of wire
fraud. Jones also faces three counts of mail fraud and one count of aggravated
identity theft.

Isaiah posed as Jones' boyfriend, husband and landlord in a scheme that included
Jones pretending to be pregnant with twins that she was willing to give up for
adoption, according to the indictment.

The 14 couples were from Olathe, Bonner Springs, Shawnee, Leavenworth and
Florence in Kansas and from California, Georgia, Massachusetts, Minnesota, New
York and Tennessee.

Couples spent money hiring adoption attorneys and agencies, purchasing airline
tickets, booking hotel rooms, and making gifts to pave the way for a successful
adoption.

The indictment alleges Jones contacted American Adoptions, of Overland Park,
claiming she was pregnant with two boys. She told the company she needed help
with rent and groceries. The Minnesota couple wired $16,265 to an escrow account
from which payments were drawn for Jones.

A California couple, court documents say, flew to Kansas City where they took
Jones and Isaiah to dinner and bought Jones massages, a haircut, groceries and
meals.

Jones sent the couple notification the twins had been born and could be picked
up at The University of Kansas Medical Center in Kansas City, Kan. The hospital
had no record of Jones giving birth.

The Overland Park Police Department and the U.S. Secret Service investigated the
case.

If convicted, the defendants could be sentenced to a maximum penalty of 20 years
in prison and fined up to $1 million for conspiracy, wire fraud and mail fraud.
The aggravated identity theft charge carries a mandatory two-year prison
sentence, consecutive to other prison time, and a fine up to $250,000.

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 The Topeka Capital-Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                             921 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

             September 17, 1987, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

8 Indicted In Fraud Case

BYLINE: By The Associated Press

SECTION: Section D; Page 28, Column 1; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 228 words


A Federal grand jury has returned a new indictment against John Peter Galanis, a
tax shelter promoter, and seven other men, accusing them of racketeering and
securities and mail fraud in a multimillion-dollar scheme.

Mr. Galanis, 44 years old, of Manhattan, and five other men were first indicted
in June for purportedly creating a limited partnership scheme that generated
more than $172 million in phony tax losses for 2,500 investors, bribing
officials of a Rockland County bank and fraudulently trying to win control of a
Salt Lake City bank.

The new 58-count indictment, handed up Tuesday by the jury in White Plains,
added two new defendants: a Washington lawyer, Arthur D. Mason, 46, and a
Manhattan businssman, John Geanoulis, 38.

All eight defendants were accused of participating in an enterprise based in
Greenwich, Conn., through a pattern of racketeering activity.

The new indictment accused the Galanis organization of taking control of three
mutual funds in Oakland, Calif.: ISI Trust Fund, ISI Growth Fund and ISI Income
Fund. It said the group had obtained nearly $3.9 million by selling the funds
''artificially inflated'' securities.

The indictment also accused the Galanis organization of fraudulently obtaining
control of the Columbia Federal Savings Bank of Westport, Conn., through
misrepresentations to the Federal Home Loan Bank Board.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1987 The New York Times Company


                             922 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 20, 2014 Thursday

Washington: Overland Park Man Sentenced to 11 Years in $5 Million Fraud Scheme

LENGTH: 410  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

An Overland Park man was sentenced Wednesday to 11 years in federal prison for
swindling banks and investors of more than $5 million, U.S. Attorney Barry
Grissom said today. In addition, he was ordered to pay more than $5.7 million in
restitution.

Ronald D. Catrell, Overland Park, Kansas, pleaded guilty to one count of bank
fraud, one count of aggravated identity theft, one count of money laundering,
and one count of wire fraud.

In his plea, Catrell admitted devising a scheme in which he defrauded Kansas
City area financial institutions including Valley View Bank, Bank of the West,
and Marshall & Ilsley Bank by providing them with false financial information in
order to obtain lines of credit and loans.

He obtained a $1.3 million line of credit from Valley View Bank in Overland
Park, Kansas, by providing false information that he had more than $279,000 in
an account at Metcalf Bank when, in fact, his balance there was less than
$2,200. He also provided false tax returns and financial statements to the bank.
He arranged for a person calling himself "Bill Campbell" to call a loan officer
at Valley View Bank to claim that Catrell had more than $2.7 million invested
with him. During the conversation, the caller said he was in an office
overlooking New York City at 244 Fifth Avenue on the 18th floor, Suite 1882. In
fact, Catrell had only a rented mail box at that address, and the building was
only four stories.

Catrell borrowed $750,000 from Bank of the West in Lee's Summit, Missouri, by
giving the bank much of the same fraudulent information he gave Valley View
Bank.

He obtained a $1 million line of credit from M&I Bank for his company,
Software4Biz Consulting using fraudulent documents.

Catrell also co-founded a company called BlueValley Capital Management, LLP.
Partners in the venture invested $50,000 to start the fund. When soliciting
investors, Catrell made false statements overstating the annual return of the
partners' investments. When one of the co-founders requested an audit, Catrell
provided a report with false information. He also falsely claimed to have the
ability to purchase pre-initial public offering stock in Facebook. At the time,
Facebook was not a publicly traded company.

Grissom commended the FBI and Assistant U.S. Attorney Chris Oakley for their
work on the case.

For more information please visit: http://www.fbi.gov

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             923 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Erie Times-News (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            September 2, 2007 Sunday

Housing fraud a growing national problem

BYLINE: Kevin Flowers, Erie Times-News, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1194 words


Sep. 2--The FBI calls it the fastest growing white-collar crime in America.

A national banking group says it cost the lending industry more than $1 billion
in 2006.

A local housing counselor is convinced that it's happening in Erie, and says he
has worked with scores of victimized residents.

The offense is mortgage fraud -- and across the country law enforcement
agencies, lenders, and housing advocates are seeing more of it than ever before.

At a time when mortgage foreclosures in Erie and across the nation are spiking,
mortgage fraud has also surged.

The FBI says mortgage fraud now accounts for 20 percent of all fraud in the
United States.

The bureau currently has about 1,200 active mortgage-fraud investigations, said
Steve Kodak, a Washington, D.C.-based FBI spokesman.

That number includes a probe of suspected mortgage fraud in Erie that involves
nearly 200 homes. The FBI conducted 818 such investigations in 2006 and 436 in
2003, FBI statistics show.

The increase is due largely to tips from banks, which reported more than 35,000
mortgage-fraud cases totaling nearly $1 billion in losses in 2006, FBI
statistics show.

That is up from nearly 7,000 reports totaling $225 million in losses in 2003,
statistics show.

"It's a financial opportunity (for criminals)," Kodak said. "With the way the
housing market has grown over the years, there was just a tremendous opportunity
to make money, either legitimately, or illegitimately, with fraud.

"Some of our cases have been $25 million or $30 million cases, and that shows
there was big money to be made," Kodak said.

Mortgage fraud occurs when brokers, lenders, property sellers or others engage
in deceptive or criminal practices regarding a home loan, such as using inflated
property appraisals, identity theft or falsifying loan documents or other
information used to qualify for a mortgage.

The crime has especially skyrocketed during the last five years, as home loans
became easier than ever to get and identity theft increased.

In most cases, unscrupulous property appraisers, real estate agents, builders
and financiers manipulate the borrower through aggressive sales tactics or take
advantage of the borrower's lack of understanding of the mortgage process.

Federal officials have even seen street gangs get into mortgage fraud as a way
to launder their proceeds from drug and weapons sales, according to a recent
Chicago Tribune report.

That report said that mortgage fraud now threatens to become a national
financial epidemic and that gang members call mortgage fraud "the new street
hustle."

"If you are still making money selling drugs, you are an informant or about to
be busted. Mortgage fraud is the thing to do now," convicted identity thief
Christopher Scott told the Tribune in a prison interview The Wall Street Journal
recently reported that dozens of mortgage industry professionals in Houston, Los
Angeles, Phoenix, New York and other cities have been indicted in recent months
for their roles in a variety of alleged mortgage-fraud scams.

Fighting the problem Combating mortgage fraud has become a priority for U.S.
Sen. Bob Casey. The Democrat from Scranton came to Erie last week for a
roundtable discussion on predatory lending and mortgage fraud.

Casey chose Erie, in part, because of the ongoing federal mortgage fraud
investigation that focuses on low- and moderate-income city neighborhoods.

The FBI and other agencies are looking into whether the property sales in
question involved inflated appraisals or other fraudulent information that led
buyers to pay far more than market value for their homes.

According to interviews, documents and other information obtained by the
Times-News, investigators are also looking at whether information about some of
the homeowners' income, assets and credit history was misrepresented to qualify
them for mortgages, according to documents and other information.

The Erie Times-News broke the story in May 2006 and has been following the probe
since then. No charges have been filed in the case, which includes a grand jury.

One possible solution Casey has touted is the Borrower's Protection Bill of
2007. That bill, which Casey co-sponsored with U.S. Sen. Charles Schumer,
D-N.Y., and U.S. Sen. Sherrod Brown, D-Ohio, seeks to mandate that mortgage
brokers and loan originators treat consumers fairly.

Oversight would include outlining standards for assessing a borrower's ability
to repay a loan, as well as holding lenders responsible for overseeing
associated brokers and appraisers.

Casey said at last week's mortgage fraud roundtable that the law would make it
more difficult for banks to "separate themselves" from loan brokers and
appraisers who might be involved in fraud.

"I think there's willingness by a lot of people in the financial markets to
sometimes try to take shortcuts to get quick money, or to get a fast payoff,"
Casey said. "Not to mention the usual human corruption, a corrupt heart, so to
speak. There are people who think that they can prey upon others."

A wide impact Dave Pesch, the housing counseling manager at St. Martin Center,
1701 Parade St., said he is working with dozens of homebuyers caught up in the
local FBI probe.

Those homebuyers' paperwork, Pesch said, "strongly suggests" that they were
defrauded.

One thing that helps those committing mortgage fraud, Pesch said, is that most
people understand little about the homebuying process.

"There's no doubt about it that the first-time homeowner can be overwhelmed at a
closing," Pesch said. "The stack of paperwork you go over in an hour might be an
inch thick. Most people are trusting someone to explain it all to them, and
people committing fraud know this.

"They take advantage of your lack of knowledge," Pesch said. "The folks we're
dealing with who are having problems now, the only thing they did wrong was put
their trust in the wrong people."

The Washington, D.C.-based Mortgage Bankers Association wants the federal
government to sign off on allocating $6.25 million for 30 new FBI agents, two
prosecutors and 15 regional taskforces to fight mortgage fraud.

Merle Sharick, vice president and national manager of business development for
the MBA, says mortgage fraud is a huge concern for his industry.

"Mortgage fraud impacts everybody," Sharick said. "It impacts consumers. It
impacts neighborhoods. It impacts the cost of obtaining housing. And it
certainly impacts people on the lending side."

Sharick said that technology has been a big help to criminals when it comes to
mortgage fraud -- loans can be applied for and approved on the Internet, for
example.

"Some crooks and fraudsters have technology as good as the banks," Sharick said.
"And in a lot of cases it's better. And they're more creative."

Get more information at www.fbi.gov; www.mbaa.org.

To see more of the Erie Times-News, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.GoErie.com. Copyright (c) 2007, Erie Times-News, Pa. Distributed by
McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20070902-EI-HOUSING-FRAUD-20070902

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EI


                         Copyright 2007 Erie Times-News


                             924 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               September 8, 1993, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

CONVICTION UPHELD IN FERTILITY CASE

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section B; Page 11; Column 6; National Desk

LENGTH: 423 words

DATELINE: RICHMOND, Sept. 7


An appeals court today upheld the fraud and perjury convictions of Dr. Cecil B.
Jacobson, who used his own sperm to inseminate women and tricked others into
believing they were pregnant.

Dr. Jacobson, who operated a fertility clinic in Vienna, Va., from 1976 to 1988,
was convicted in March 1992 on 52 counts. He was sentenced to five years in
prison and ordered to pay $116,805 in fines and restitution. He remains free on
bond pending a possible appeal.

A three-judge panel of the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit
unanimously rejected Dr. Jacobson's arguments that he did not break Federal mail
fraud laws and that his sentence was too harsh. The panel is made up of Judges
Sam J. Ervin 3d, James D. Phillips Jr. and Karen J. Williams.

The court agreed with Judge James C. Cacheris of United States District Court,
who said when he sentenced Dr. Jacobson that the doctor's conduct caused his
patients "extreme psychological injury."

Prosecutors said Dr. Jacobson may have fathered as many as 75 children while
telling patients he was using sperm from anonymous donors.

Dr. Jacobson also used hormone injections to create symptoms resembling
pregnancy. With many patients he pointed out an insignificant image on a
sonogram and told the patient that it was the image of a fetus.

When he finally had to tell the women they were not pregnant, he told them their
babies were dead and that the fetuses would "resorb" back into the bodies. Then
he could begin a new round of hormone injections and pregnancy tests.

Quit His Practice

Dr. Jacobson quit his practice in 1989 after the first accusations were made.
The Virginia Board of Medicine revoked his license in June 1992.

Dr. Jacobson claimed on appeal that the use of the mails, wires and interstate
travel was not an integral part of his practice. But the appeals court said Dr.
Jacobson had mailed fraudulent insurance claims and bills, as well as letters
assuring patients that his methods were scientifically accepted.

The court also said Dr. Jacobson also had committed wire fraud by phoning his
patients to schedule appointments for fraudulent treatments. It said he had
committed interstate travel fraud by inducing patients to come to his clinic
from the District of Columbia, Maryland and West Virginia.

Dr. Jacobson also challenged his sentence, which was 19 months more than the
upper range of Federal sentencing guidelines. The appeals court said the
sentence was appropriate because Dr. Jacobson's offenses were so egregious.


LOAD-DATE: September 8, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1993 The New York Times Company


                             925 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                             May 27, 2009 Wednesday

Three charged in workers' comp insurance fraud

BYLINE: By Josh Richman Oakland Tribune

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 286 words


Three Bay Area people have been arrested in an alleged workers' compensation
insurance and tax fraud scheme costing millions of dollars, authorities said.

Monica Mui Ung, 49, of Alamo; Joey Ruan, 31, of San Leandro; and Tin Wai Wu, 28,
of Millbrae were arrested Tuesday, each charged with 48 counts of insurance
fraud, labor code violations and tax fraud. Bail was set at $535,000 for each of
them.

The California Department of Insurance, which investigated the case with help
from the Employment Development Department, says Ung owned and operated
Oakland-based NBC General Contractors, a general building contracting firm
focused on public works projects such as El Cerrito City Hall and Piedmont
Elementary School. From May 2003 through May 2007, NBC won at least 27 public
works projects in Alameda, Contra Costa, San Mateo, San Francisco and Marin
counties.

The Insurance Department now says Ung, Ruan and Wu made false reports to NBC's
workers' compensation insurance carrier to misclassify the kind of work its
employees did, as well as to misreport more than 70 workers' hourly wages; this
saved the company a lot in workers' compensation premiums while exposing the
insurer to hidden risk and letting the company undercut more honest contractors'
bids. The department says NBC's bogus reporting cost its insurer $1.45 million
in lost premiums, while NBC 's failure to pay overtime or sick leave to
employees as required by state law cost 19 workers an estimated $3.6 million in
unpaid wages.

Any former NBC workers or insurers who believe the company defrauded them should
contact Alameda County Deputy District Attorney Lance Kubo at 510-569-9281 or
Insurance Department investigator Gladys Rivera at 707-751-2000.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2009 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             926 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                             March 14, 2008 Friday
                            0 South Pinellas Edition

SPENDING DIP ANOTHER OMEN OF RECESSION

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 2D

LENGTH: 439 words


Washington

The Commerce Department reported Thursday that consumers, battered by falling
home values, job losses, soaring energy costs and a severe credit squeeze,
stopped going to the malls in February, triggering a 0.6 percent drop in retail
sales. That was the second big drop in retail sales in the past three months, a
pattern consistent with the onset of a recession. Sales were down across a broad
swath of the economy, from autos and furniture to appliances. Consumer spending
accounts for two-thirds of total economic activity.

Florida tops again in mortgage fraud

Florida led the nation in mortgage fraud in 2007 for the second straight year.
Nevada ranked second in mortgage fraud, up from No. 6 a year earlier in the
Mortgage Asset Research Institute's annual report on fraudulent mortgage
activity. It was followed by Michigan, California, Utah and Georgia. The report,
released at a Mortgage Bankers Association conference in Chicago, did not detail
the exact number of fraud cases by state or nationwide. It cited FBI statistics
showing 46,700 mortgage fraud reports in 2007, a more than 30 percent increase
from the year before and twice as many as in 2000.

Dallas

Cracks found on 4 Southwest planes

Southwest Airlines Co., facing a $10.2-million fine for possible maintenance
violations, said surface cracks were found on four of 44 aircraft grounded to
verify required inspections were done correctly. Thirty-eight of the airline's
Boeing Co. 737s were being used for flights when they were taken out of service
Wednesday to be reinspected.

NEW YORK

EA turns hostile in bid to buy rival

The heat is on: Electronic Arts Inc.'s $2-billion bid for Grand Theft Auto maker
Take-Two Interactive Software Inc. turned hostile Thursday as EA, which makes
Madden NFL video games in Orlando, took its $26-per-share offer directly to
Take-Two shareholders. The tender offer expires on April 11, more than two weeks
before the latest Grand Theft Auto hits store shelves.

AOL pays $850M for online hangout

AOL said Thursday it will pay $850 million to acquire the online hangout Bebo,
giving the struggling Internet company a foothold in an expanding business. Bebo
is strong in many markets around the world, particularly Britain, and has a
global membership of more than 40 million, according to AOL. In the United
States, however, it is far behind MySpace and Facebook in the number of monthly
users, according to comScore.

390 brewery jobs to go flat

Molson Coors Brewing Co. said Thursday it will eliminate up to 390 jobs, or
about 4 percent of its global work force, and plans to outsource the duties to
technology company Hewlett-Packard.

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Beer bottles

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2008 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             927 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              Daily Deal/The Deal

                            January 8, 2004 Thursday

Feds charge fraud in busybox IPO

BYLINE: by Jaret Seiberg in Washington

SECTION: LAWANDREG

LENGTH: 503 words

HIGHLIGHT: The government continues its attack on tech-bubble IPOs, targeting a
lawyer and banker for a 2000 offering.


As part of the government's continuing attack on fraudulent IPOs during the tech
bubble, the Securities and Exchange Commission and federal prosecutors charged
the lead lawyer and the key investment banker for the now-defunct busybox.com
Inc. with conspiring to illegally divert proceeds from the company's offering.

The SEC said Thomas T. Prousalis Jr., 55, busybox's securities counsel, and
Robert T. Kirk Jr., 45, president of Boca Raton, Fla.,-based Barron Chase
Securities Inc., committed fraud in connection with busybox's $12.8 million IPO
in June 2000.

In the related criminal case, the U.S. attorney for the Southern District of New
York said Wednesday, Jan. 7, that Kirk had entered a guilty plea to conspiracy
and securities fraud by making false statements in the busybox registration
statement. Kirk is scheduled to be sentenced on those charges March 29 in New
York.

The U.S. Attorney also announced the arrest of Prousalis on charges of
conspiracy to commit securities fraud, wire fraud, mail fraud and securities
fraud. He was expected to appear late Tuesday at U.S. District Court in
Alexandria, Va., pending his transfer to New York.

The conspiracy charges carry a maximum penalty of five years in prison, while
the securities fraud charges have a maximum penalty of 10 years.

The SEC alleges that Prousalis and Kirk informed executives at busybox that they
were short of selling out the IPO. To cover the shortfall, the two men devised a
scheme for company insiders to purchase securities using undisclosed bonuses.
Barron Chase financed the purchases and then used $2.1 million of the $12.8
million in IPO proceeds to cover its fees and those of Prousalis.

"The fraudulent scheme misled investors as to the financial health and future
viability of the company," the SEC said. The agency asked the court to order the
two men to forfeit their ill-gotten gains and to impose civil money penalties.

Neither Prousalis nor Kirk could immediately be reached for comment.

One SEC official said this is one of the first cases in which the investment
bank and the securities lawyer conspired to divert proceeds from an IPO. Most
prosecutions involve companies making materially false statements in the
registration statement, the official said.

This case, however, differed significantly. The IPO agreement was a firm
commitment, which meant Barron Chase was required to purchase all of the unsold
securities offered for $4.55 per share. Yet in reality it was not a firm
commitment because the investment bank arranged for insiders to buy unsold
shares by forwarding them the purchase price. It then diverted about 20% of the
IPO's proceeds to repay itself and to cover the fees for it and the securities
counsel, the SEC charged.

Century City, Calif.,-based busybox sold photos and videos over the Internet
before filing for Chapter 7 in July 2001. Barron Chase ceased operations in
November 2000 and is now defunct.



URL: http://www.TheDeal.com

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 2004 The Deal, L.L.C.


                             928 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The News Courier (Athens, Alabama)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           February 13, 2016 Saturday

Alabama AG: MoneyGram must repay fraud victims in Alabama, other states

BYLINE: The News Courier, Athens, Ala.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 527 words


Feb. 13--Fraud victims in Alabama, 48 other states and the District of Columbia
who were conned into transferring money via MoneyGram will receive restitution
under legal settlement, Alabama Attorney General Luther Strange said.

Dallas-based MoneyGram Payment Systems Inc. has agreed to a two-pronged
settlement requiring the company to do the following:

--Maintain and continue to improve a comprehensive and robust anti-fraud program
designed to help detect and prevent consumers from suffering financial losses as
a result of these types of fraud-induced wire transfers; and

--Pay $13 million dollars to the states to fund a nationwide consumer
restitution program and for the states' costs and fees.

The settlement resolves a multistate investigation which focused on complaints
of consumers who used MoneyGram's wire transfer service to send money to third
parties involved in schemes to defraud consumers.

"Fraudulent wire transfer schemes are prevalent and almost endless in the
variety of scams perpetrated on unsuspecting victims," Strange said. "Con
artists prey on a grandparent's love and trust by claiming to be a grandchild in
an urgent crisis. Others use the lure of riches through lottery and contest
scams, or claim to be relatives facing emergency in a foreign land. The key to
fight these tricks is vigilance on the part of consumers. If a stranger solicits
someone offering big winnings for a wire transfer, the recipient should end the
communication immediately. People who are contacted about a family member or
friend in distress should not panic, but reach out independently to verify that
assistance is actually needed."

The fraud-prevention aspect of the settlement requires MoneyGram to document, in
writing, and at a minimum include the following elements:

--Mandatory and documented compliance training for agents and guidelines
regarding when an agent's conduct warrants suspension or termination;

--Suspension or termination of agents who fail to take commercially reasonable
steps to reduce fraud-induced money transfers;

--A hotline system -- telephonic and electronic -- through which employees and
agents can report noncompliance with antifraud measures;

--Sound mechanisms to evaluate actual fraud rates and consumer losses from fraud
induced money transfers in order to utilize that information to improve
compliance; and

--Continued enhancement of technology solutions, including its Anti-Fraud Alert
System (AFAS).

The restitution component of the settlement provides for an independent
third-party settlement administrator who will review MoneyGram records and send
notices regarding restitution to all consumers who are eligible to receive
restitution under this settlement.

Generally, consumers who are eligible for restitution previously filed
complaints with MoneyGram between July 1, 2008, and August 31, 2009, regarding
fraud-induced transfers sent from the U.S. to foreign countries other than
Canada.

For more information about this settlement, go online to:
www.MoneyGramSettlement.com.

___ (c)2016 The News Courier (Athens, Ala.) Visit The News Courier (Athens,
Ala.) at enewscourier.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160213-XN-Alabama-AG-MoneyGram-must-repay-fraud
-victims-in-Alabama-other-states-0213-20160213

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: XN


                        Copyright 2016 The News Courier


                             929 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 30, 2015 Monday

Washington: Former Florida Realtor Indicted On Conspiracy And Bank Fraud Charges

LENGTH: 454  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Department of Justice, The Government of USA has issued the following news
release:

United States Attorney A. Lee Bentley, III announces the unsealing of an
indictment charging Joseph Pasquale (38, Worcester, MA) with one count of
mortgage fraud conspiracy involving bank fraud and two counts of bank fraud. He
faces a maximum penalty of 30 years' imprisonment for each count. The indictment
also notifies Pasquale that the United States is seeking a money judgment for
the proceeds of the mortgage fraud conspiracy.

According to the indictment and court proceedings, in 2005, entities controlled
by co-conspirators entered into a contract to purchase The Arbors, an apartment
complex in Hillsborough County. The new owners of The Arbors then engaged in a
plan to convert the complex from rental apartment units to condominium units.

Pasquale's co-conspirator, Brenden Bolger, aided the developers in the sale of
numerous condominium units at The Arbors through his company, Capital Management
Guarantee, LLC. In order to induce buyers to purchase units, Bolger created an
addendum to the purchase contract that offered buyers various incentives such as
rental supplements, money to defray maintenance costs, and a design credit to
upgrade the unit's amenities. When the buyers cancelled the design credit within
10 days of signing the addendum, Bolger paid a kickback for the amount of the
design credit to the buyer from Capital Management's bank account. In this
manner, Bolger, Pasquale, and other co-conspirators failed to disclose to
buyers' mortgage lenders material facts about the financing of the sale of The
Arbors condominium units.

Pasquale's alleged role in the conspiracy consisted of marketing The Arbors
units. He did so by promising buyers closing cash and undisclosed incentives,
providing closing cash to borrowers who purchased units at The Arbors,
facilitating the payment of kickbacks to his clients via Capital Management
Guarantee, and facilitating the submission of false loan applications to FDIC
insured financial institutions.

Bolger previously pleaded guilty for his role in this scheme. He is scheduled to
be sentenced on June 22, 2015.

An indictment is merely a formal charge that a defendant has committed a
violation of federal criminal laws, and every defendant is presumed innocent
unless, and until, proven guilty.

This case was investigated by the Federal Bureau of Investigation and the
Federal Housing Finance Agency, Office of Inspector General. It is being
prosecuted by Special Assistant United States Attorney Chris Poor and Assistant
United States Attorney Jay Hoffer.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             930 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 30, 2015 Monday

Washington: Former Florida Realtor Indicted On Conspiracy And Bank Fraud Charges

LENGTH: 454  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Department of Justice, The Government of USA has issued the following news
release:

United States Attorney A. Lee Bentley, III announces the unsealing of an
indictment charging Joseph Pasquale (38, Worcester, MA) with one count of
mortgage fraud conspiracy involving bank fraud and two counts of bank fraud. He
faces a maximum penalty of 30 years' imprisonment for each count. The indictment
also notifies Pasquale that the United States is seeking a money judgment for
the proceeds of the mortgage fraud conspiracy.

According to the indictment and court proceedings, in 2005, entities controlled
by co-conspirators entered into a contract to purchase The Arbors, an apartment
complex in Hillsborough County. The new owners of The Arbors then engaged in a
plan to convert the complex from rental apartment units to condominium units.

Pasquale's co-conspirator, Brenden Bolger, aided the developers in the sale of
numerous condominium units at The Arbors through his company, Capital Management
Guarantee, LLC. In order to induce buyers to purchase units, Bolger created an
addendum to the purchase contract that offered buyers various incentives such as
rental supplements, money to defray maintenance costs, and a design credit to
upgrade the unit's amenities. When the buyers cancelled the design credit within
10 days of signing the addendum, Bolger paid a kickback for the amount of the
design credit to the buyer from Capital Management's bank account. In this
manner, Bolger, Pasquale, and other co-conspirators failed to disclose to
buyers' mortgage lenders material facts about the financing of the sale of The
Arbors condominium units.

Pasquale's alleged role in the conspiracy consisted of marketing The Arbors
units. He did so by promising buyers closing cash and undisclosed incentives,
providing closing cash to borrowers who purchased units at The Arbors,
facilitating the payment of kickbacks to his clients via Capital Management
Guarantee, and facilitating the submission of false loan applications to FDIC
insured financial institutions.

Bolger previously pleaded guilty for his role in this scheme. He is scheduled to
be sentenced on June 22, 2015.

An indictment is merely a formal charge that a defendant has committed a
violation of federal criminal laws, and every defendant is presumed innocent
unless, and until, proven guilty.

This case was investigated by the Federal Bureau of Investigation and the
Federal Housing Finance Agency, Office of Inspector General. It is being
prosecuted by Special Assistant United States Attorney Chris Poor and Assistant
United States Attorney Jay Hoffer.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             931 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 24, 2015 Tuesday

FLORIDA:Four Arrested in Medicaid Fraud Scheme that Exploited the Homeless

LENGTH: 489  words

DATELINE: Tallahassee


Office of the Attorney General, The state of Florida has issued the following
news release:

Attorney General Pam Bondi's Medicaid Fraud Control Unit announced the arrests
of four individuals for allegedly recruiting the homeless to bilk Medicaid out
of at least $215,000. According to the investigation, Christina Benson, owner of
Tranquility Healthcare Solutions in Orlando, billed Medicaid for services for
homeless men and women who were recruited by her associates to pose as patients.
Tranquility Healthcare Solutions allegedly billed Medicaid for services not
provided and services not warranted. The company also allegedly used personnel
who were not trained, including some who had criminal arrest records.

"Taking advantage of the homeless to essentially steal from taxpayers is
despicable and will not be tolerated in Florida," said Attorney General Bondi.
"I applaud my Medicaid Fraud Control Unit for its efforts to shut down this
elaborate fraud scheme."

The defendants allegedly offered gas cards and temporary housing to the homeless
in an effort to recruit them to seek services at Tranquility Healthcare
Solutions. Once the company obtained Medicaid IDs, it billed the Medicaid
program for Psychosocial Rehabilitation Services that were never provided. In
less than a year and a half, Tranquility Healthcare Solutions billed Medicaid
approximately $3.2 million.

As part of the scheme, Tranquility Healthcare Solutions allegedly worked in
conjunction with a local physician, Dr. Sabiha Khan. Dr. Khan allegedly falsely
claimed to be the treating provider for PSR, when many recipients stated that
they had never met Khan.

Below is a list of defendants and the charges they face.

· Christina Benson, two counts of Medicaid Provider Fraud and one count of
Organized Scheme to Defraud
    · Demetrious Davis, two counts of Medicaid Provider Fraud and one count of
Organized Scheme to Defraud
    · Harold Harrison, one count of Medicaid Provider Fraud and one count of
Organized Scheme to Defraud
    · Dr. Sabiha Khan, one count of Medicaid Provider Fraud and one count of
Organized Scheme to Defraud

Khan and Davis were arrested in Florida, Benson was arrested in Georgia, and
Harrison was arrested in North Carolina by the N.C. Medicaid Fraud Control Unit.
The Florida Attorney General's Office launched the investigation after receiving
a tip to the fraud hotline. Citizens with information on Medicaid fraud can call
the Attorney General's fraud hotline at 1-866-966-7226. The investigation will
continue and may lead to further arrests.

The Attorney General's MFCU investigates and prosecutes providers that
intentionally defraud the state's Medicaid program through fraudulent billing
practices. From Jan. 2011 to Nov. 2014, Attorney General Bondi's MFCU has
obtained more than $466 million in settlements and judgments.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:
editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             932 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Daily Press - Victorville (California)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           December 7, 2011 Wednesday

MORTGAGE FRAUD ALLIANCE

BYLINE: Daily Press, Victorville, Calif.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 339 words


Dec. 07--LOS ANGELES -- Attorneys General Kamala D. Harris of California and
Catherine Cortez Masto of Nevada on Tuesday announced that their states have
entered into a joint investigation alliance designed to assist homeowners who
have been harmed by misconduct and fraud in the mortgage industry.

By forging this alliance, California and Nevada will combine investigative
resources, including litigation strategies, information, and evidence gathered
through their respective ongoing investigations, assisting each state as it
pursues independent prosecutions, according to a news release.

This alliance will link the offices' civil and criminal enforcement teams,
speeding along the full, fair and adequate investigation of wrongdoing in the
two states, which have experienced similar foreclosure and mortgage fraud
crises.

"The mortgage crisis is a man-made disaster that has taken a heavy toll on the
country, but it saved its worst for California and Nevada," California Attorney
General Harris said in a news release. "The mortgage crisis is a law enforcement
matter, and we will prosecute to hold accountable those who are responsible and
also protect the homeowners who are targeted for fraud. I am delighted that
California and Nevada are entering into this alliance to leverage the best
results for our investigations and look forward to forging similar collaboration
with other states."

B y m o s t o b j e c t i ve measures, California and Nevada have been the
states hardest hit by the nation's foreclosure crisis.

The crisis in these Western states is similar because both states share a
foreclosure system in which a bank can foreclose on a borrower's home without
court oversight, also called "non-judicial foreclosure."

The collective result has created a rich opportunity for predators, leading both
states to make mortgagerelated law enforcement action a top priority.

___ (c)2011 the Daily Press (Victorville, Calif.) Visit the Daily Press
(Victorville, Calif.) at www.vvdailypress.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20111207-VV-MORTGAGE-FRAUD-ALLIANCE-1207-20111207

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: VV


                           Copyright 2011 Daily Press


                             933 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                           November 11, 2011, Friday

PUTNAM COUNTY;
Utah man admits role in mortgage fraud scheme Actions devastated property values
in Hurricane

BYLINE: Zac Taylor, Staff writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P1C

LENGTH: 531 words


A Utah man admitted Thursday to his part in a multimillion-dollar mortgage fraud
scheme that devastated the property values of several homes in a Hurricane
subdivision.

Michael Hurd, 37, of Salt Lake City, took a long pause to wipe tears from his
eyes before pleading guilty in front of U.S. District Judge Thomas E. Johnston
to charges of bank fraud and conspiracy to commit wire fraud.

The judge spent about an hour going over the details of the plea agreement Hurd
had reached with prosecutors, and made sure the man understood the consequences
of the conviction, which could include a 60-year term in federal prison and a
fine of up to $2 million.

"Unfortunately," Hurd told the judge, "I do understand the consequences."

Hurd said in an information that he enlisted the help of Hurricane mortgage
brokers Deborah and Todd Joyce in 2006 to help orchestrate what federal
officials describe as a complicated "flipping" scheme involving homes in a
Hurricane subdivision.

An information is a court document that generally indicates a defendant is
willing to cooperate with the government.

The Joyces obtained inflated appraisals from local appraisers Chad Thornton and
Mark Greenlee, and sent the appraisals to Raymond Morris in Salt Lake City,
according to court records.

Morris headed a Utah-based real estate investment club, and presented the
appraisals to members as "no-risk" investments.

He told the investors that they would have to put no money down on the purchase,
and that they would be given cash back at closing to make the initial mortgage
payments while Joyce marketed the property on their behalf for an even higher
price, according to the information.

In summer 2006, for instance, Joyce arranged to buy a four-bedroom house on
Spruce Ridge in the name of her company, Prime Developers, for $395,000,
according to the information.

Joyce obtained an inflated appraisal for the house that spiked its value to
$650,000. Morris lined up an investor from his real estate club to buy the
property for $615,000, the information states.

Morris then put the investor in contact with Hurd, who operated a company called
the "Gift Program," and brokered a loan. He used the Gift Program to conceal the
transfer of a portion of the loan proceeds from the lender to the investor,
according to court records. Hurd said he paid Morris an undisclosed "commission"
for this referral.

Hurd and Morris face similar charges in California for allegedly operating
another scheme there.

Hurd admitted he was involved in flipping 20 Modesto properties, siphoning more
than $5.5 million from lenders on those homes. As part of Thursday's plea
agreement, Hurd agreed to transfer the prosecution of those charges to West
Virginia.

In April, a judge sentenced Deborah Joyce to 46 months in prison. Todd Joyce
received 19 months. Thornton and Greenlee have pleaded guilty to their roles in
the scheme and are scheduled for sentencing in December. Morris awaits trial.

U.S. Attorney Booth Goodwin said last month that the property values in the
Hurricane subdivision and the credit ratings of the lenders that associated with
Hurd have been devastated.

Reach Zac Taylor at zachary.taylor@wvgazette.com or 304-348-5189.

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 Charleston Newspapers


                             934 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 7, 2015 Thursday

Washington: Alabama Man Sentenced to More Than 17 Years in Prison for His Role
in $15 Million Mortgage Fraud Scheme, Including Attempted Murder of a Witness

LENGTH: 598  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

A Ventress, Alabama, man was sentenced today to 210 months in prison for
conspiring to defraud financial institutions and launder stolen funds as part of
a $15 million mortgage fraud scam that used phony documents and "straw buyers"
to make illegal profits on overbuilt condos, U.S. Attorney Paul J. Fishman
announced.

Kinard Henson, 43, previously pleaded guilty before U.S. District Judge Jerome
B. Simandle to a second superseding indictment charging him with one count of
conspiracy to commit wire fraud, one count of conspiracy to commit money
laundering and one count of attempted murder of a witness in a federal case.
Judge Simandle imposed the sentence today in Camden federal court.

According to the documents filed in this case and statements made in court:

Henson was among 11 defendants charged in July 2012 with conspiracy to commit
wire fraud and conspiracy to commit money laundering. Henson's conspirators
located oceanfront condominiums overbuilt by financially distressed developers
and negotiated a buyout price with the sellers. They then caused the sales
prices for the properties--located in Wildwood Crest and North Wildwood, New
Jersey, other locations in New Jersey and in Naples, Florida--to be much higher
than the buyout price to ensure large proceeds. Other defendants helped conceal
the true sales prices of certain properties through inflated sales contracts and
sale and finder's fee agreements.

Henson and others recruited straw buyers to purchase certain properties at the
inflated rates. The straw buyers had good credit scores but lacked the financial
resources to qualify for mortgage loans. The conspirators created false
documents, such as fake W-2 forms, pay stubs, bank statements and investment
statements, to make the straw buyers appear more creditworthy than they actually
were in order to induce the lenders to make the loans.

Henson's conspirators also caused fraudulent mortgage loan applications in the
name of the straw buyers, including the supporting documents, to be submitted to
mortgage brokers that the brokers knew were false. Once the loans were approved
and the mortgage lenders sent the loan proceeds in connection with real estate
closings, Henson received a portion of the proceeds after his conspirators had
funds wired or checks deposited into various accounts they controlled.

Henson learned of a subpoena seeking documents in connection with a straw
buyer's purchases of real estate properties shortly after it was served by
federal law enforcement agents on a mortgage brokerage firm. Henson, who had
recruited the straw buyer, contacted another individual to kill the straw buyer.
They then lured the straw buyer to a wooded area in Mobile, Alabama. At Henson's
direction and using Henson's firearm, the other individual shot the straw buyer
multiple times.

In addition to the prison term, Judge Simandle sentenced Henson to serve five
years of supervised release.

U.S. Attorney Fishman credited special agents of the FBI, under the direction of
Special Agent in Charge Richard M. Frankel in Newark; and IRS-Criminal
Investigation, under the direction of Special Agent in Charge Jonathan D.
Larsen, in Newark, with the investigation leading to today's sentencing.

The government is represented by Assistant U.S. Attorneys Matthew T. Smith and
Jacqueline M. Carle of the U.S. Attorney's Office Criminal Division in Camden.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com


LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             935 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 29, 2014 Wednesday

Washington: Former Northwest Arkansas Business Developer Sentenced to 65 Months
in Federal Prison for Fraud

LENGTH: 864  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

Conner Eldridge, United States Attorney for the Western District of Arkansas,
announced today that Brandon Lynn Barber, age 38, of New York, New York, was
sentenced today to 65 months in prison and three years of supervised release for
conspiracy to commit bankruptcy fraud, conspiracy to commit bank fraud, and
money laundering. The Honorable P. K. Holmes, III presided over the sentencing
in the United States District Court in Fort Smith.

U.S. Attorney Eldridge commented, "This case has always been about fraud. The
Defendant's efforts to deceive creditors, the Federal Bankruptcy Court, and
others as to his true financial condition resulted in tremendous losses that
struck at the heart of our local economy. As a result of this fraudulent
conduct, businesses and hard-working individuals--including not only banks but
also plumbers, roofers, architects, and others involved in the construction and
development business--were not paid. We will continue to work together to
identify and prosecute fraudulent schemes and do all we can to ensure that
businesses are protected from such conduct."

"Fraud and dishonesty in bankruptcy proceedings undermines the integrity of
these important proceedings. IRS-Criminal Investigation is committed to
unraveling complex financial transactions and money laundering schemes. We are
proud to work with our law enforcement partners to investigate and prosecute
individuals who attempt to enrich themselves by committing these schemes,"
stated Christopher A. Henry, Special Agent in Charge. "Today's sentencing should
send a clear message to those who would consider participating in these types of
fraudulent financial transactions."

"The sentencing of Mr. Barber underscores the commitment of the IRS, U.S.
Attorney's Office, and the FBI in working together to investigate and prosecute
those who perpetuate bank fraud, bankruptcy fraud and money laundering," stated
David T. Resch, Special Agent In Charge of the FBI in Arkansas. "We will
continue in our efforts to stop those who seek to commit fraud."

Barber was charged with several schemes to defraud banks, creditors, and the
Federal Bankruptcy Court. Those schemes, as alleged in the indictments, include:
(1) providing false and fraudulent financial information and statements to
Legacy National Bank of Springdale in connection with loans to finance the
Legacy Condominium building and project in Fayetteville; (2) providing false and
fraudulent financial information and statements to Metropolitan National Bank of
Little Rock and Enterprise Bank of St. Louis, Missouri, in connection with loans
to finance the Bellafont project in Fayetteville; (3) concealing assets and
income from creditors and the bankruptcy court by transferring funds to
co-defendants, James Van Doren and K. Vaughn Knight or accounts controlled by
them and using those funds for Barber's personal benefit and expenses; and (4)
falsely and fraudulently representing purchase prices for real estate known as
Executive Plaza to First Federal Bank of Harrison, Arkansas, to obtain loan
amounts exceeding the actual purchase prices and thereby generating excess cash
without the Bank's knowledge or approval. This conduct generally occurred from
2005 through 2009.

On July 31, 2103, Barber pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy to commit
bankruptcy fraud, one count of conspiracy to commit bank fraud and one count of
money laundering. These counts on which he was convicted stemmed from his
conspiring to conceal assets, income and other financial information from the
federal bankruptcy court and creditors, conspiring to inflate purchase prices of
real estate related to the Executive Plaza transaction in order to generate cash
kickbacks, and laundering the proceeds of fraud.

Under the federal sentencing guidelines, the Court considered relevant conduct
in pronouncing sentence, which included the other schemes to defraud charged in
the indictment and detailed above. The Court also stated that it would render a
decision on restitution by January 5, 2015.

The status on the other defendants involved in this case are as follows:

Defendant James Van Doren pleaded guilty on August 23, 2013 and is set to be
sentenced on November 3, 2014.

Defendant Jeff Whorton pleaded guilty on August 26, 2013 and is set to be
sentenced on November 5, 2014.

Defendant Brandon Rains pleaded guilty on October 17, 2013 and is set to be
sentenced on November 6, 2014.

Defendant K. Vaughn Knight was convicted of eight counts of bankruptcy fraud and
money laundering on November 18, 2013. The Court overturned that jury verdict on
June 10, 2014. That case is currently on appeal.

This case was investigated by the Internal Revenue Service Criminal
Investigation Division and the Federal Bureau of Investigation. U.S. Attorney
Conner Eldridge, First Assistant U.S. Attorney Kenneth Elser, Assistant U.S.
Attorney Benjamin Wulff and former First Assistant U.S. Attorney Wendy Johnson
prosecuted the case for the United States.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             936 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


             The Press of Atlantic City (Pleasantville New Jersey)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 25, 2013 Wednesday

U.S. drops mortgage fraud charge against Cape May County lawyer

BYLINE: Trudi Gilfillian, The Press of Atlantic City, Pleasantville, N.J.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 639 words


Sept. 25--A federal indictment charging Cape May County attorney Seth A.
Fuscellaro with a single count of conspiracy to commit wire fraud was dismissed
Sept. 17.

But the larger case, which involved 11 defendants, including Fuscellaro, charged
in a $15 million mortgage fraud scheme involving condominiums in Wildwood as
well as properties elsewhere in New Jersey and Naples, Fla., continues with a
trial date set for Oct. 21.

Fuscellaro, however, will not be part of that trial after the federal government
conceded that the single charge should be dropped.

"After an extensive additional post-indictment investigation into the
allegations against Fuscellaro, the United States has concluded that further
prosecution of Fuscellaro is not in the interests of the United States at this
time," reads the motion submitted by Assistant United States Attorney Matthew T.
Smith.

Federal District Judge Jerome B. Simandle signed off on the motion and the
charges were dropped, ending a battle that began on July 19, 2012, the day
Fuscellaro was publicly handcuffed and hauled away by the Federal Bureau of
Investigation.

"This has been a cloud lifted off his head," said Philadelphia-based attorney
Thomas Burke of the firm of Borum, Burke, DiDonato and Voci.

Burke took on Fuscellaro's case in August 2012.

"This is something we've been working on since he was indicted last year," Burke
said of the dismissal. "My client steadfastly maintained his innocence."

Burke said he went about collecting hundreds of pages of documents related to
the case and submitted them to the U.S. attorney hoping to show that Fuscellaro
was not involved with any of the illegal transactions.

The indictment alleged a conspiracy that used phony documents and "straw buyers"
to purchase condominiums at inflated prices in a saturated market. The
conspirators allegedly used fraudulent loan applications and unqualified buyers
to make money on the deals, paid at the expense of lending companies that backed
the purchases.

All 11 defendants were charged with wire fraud or with conspiracy to commit
money laundering.

Timothy D. Ricks, 45, of East Orange, Essex County, owner of EZ Go Financial
Corp. in Edison, Sussex County, and Orlando Allen, 47, of Fayetteville, Ga., who
provided real estate investors for the scam, have since pleaded guilty to
conspiracy to commit wire fraud and conspiracy to commit money laundering.

The indictment alleged that Fuscellaro hid the true sales price of certain
properties "through inflated sales contracts and sale and finder fee
agreements."

His very public arrest, Burke said, "was a little disheartening that it was done
that way.'

Burke said documents showed that while Fuscellaro may have been briefly present
at certain times, such as settlement meetings, he was never part of the
transactions. Instead, he was there to drop off documents on behalf of his law
firm at the time, DeWeese, Stagliano & Fuscellaro, Burke said. The firm has
since ceased operations and Fuscellaro operates a private law practice in
Wildwood.

He specializes in matrimonial, plaintiff and municipal cases.

Burke said that after reviewing witness statements he found none specifically
said Fuscellaro was involved. The documents he collected were turned in to the
federal government several months ago and after the completion of the federal
investigation the government moved to dismiss the charge.

Burke credited Smith and the U.S. Attorney's Office for their honesty and
integrity in resolving the case.

"He and his wife have been under a lot of stress," Burke said of Fuscellaro.
"But he's kept his head high."

Contact Trudi Gilfillian:

609-463-6716

TGilfillian@pressofac.com

___ (c)2013 The Press of Atlantic City (Pleasantville, N.J.) Visit The Press of
Atlantic City (Pleasantville, N.J.) at www.pressofatlanticcity.com Distributed
by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130925-1AC-U-S-drops-mortgage-fraud
-charge-against-Cape-May-County-lawyer-0925-20130925

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1AC


                   Copyright 2013 The Press of Atlantic City


                             937 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                            March 26, 2005 Saturday
                          FIVE STAR LATE LIFT EDITION

Doctor who exposed fraud will get $56 million The ex-medical director's take is
large, says the U.S. attorney, but his role was critical.

BYLINE: BY PETER SHINKLE Of the Post-Dispatch

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 424 words


A St. Louis doctor who blew the whistle on fraud at a major health care company
will get $56 million as his share of the government's settlement.

Dr. Steven J. Bander will get the big payout for revealing Medicare fraud at
Gambro Healthcare U.S.A., which operates kidney dialysis clinics across the
country. Bander practices medicine at an office near St. Luke's Hospital.

After Bander filed suit in 2001, the U.S. Department of Justice launched its own
investigation into his claims. In December, Gambro agreed to pay $350.5 million
to resolve claims it defrauded Medicare and Medicaid over two decades.

Bander, a kidney specialist, was Gambro's chief medical officer from 1995 to
2000. He could not be reached Friday for comment.

Under federal law, a person who brings fraud claims that lead to a return of
funds to the government is entitled to a share of those funds.

U.S. attorney Jim Martin said that while the sum paid to Bander is large, his
role in the case was critical.

"Without the information he gave us, we would not have known about this case,"
Martin said. "We collected $350 million from Gambro Healthcare specifically
because this man initiated the whistle-blower lawsuit that he did."

The $350.5 million is the sixth-largest recovery by the U.S. government in a
health care fraud case and the largest here.

Martin said that while working as Gambro's medical director, its
third-highest-ranking officer, Bander tried to stop the fraud at Gambro. "Our
evidence did indicate he took some steps to try to stop the practice."

The agreement to pay Bander $56 million was filed in federal court in St. Louis
on Thursday.

Gambro, based in Nashville, Tenn., and Denver, has 550 clinics in 33 states,
including 20 in Missouri and 17 in Illinois, according to federal officials and
Gambro's Web site.

The company said it treated more than 40,000 patients with chronic kidney
disease each year. Gambro is owned by a holding company, Gambro Inc., a
subsidiary of Gambro AB, a billion-dollar Swedish company.

In the fraud, Gambro set up a shell company, Gambro Supply Corp., "so they could
inflate their billings illegally," earning the business almost $500 more per
patient per month, Martin said in December. Gambro Supply pleaded guilty to a
health care fraud count at that time.

Gambro AB has said it plans to sell its U.S. dialysis unit to DaVita Inc. of El
Segundo, Calif., for more than $3 billion. Earlier this month, DaVita said it is
had received a subpoena to turn over records for a federal investigation in St.
Louis led by Martin's office.

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  LOCAL

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2005 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             938 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                           December 5, 2015 Saturday

Savannah Woman Charged in Health Care Fraud Scheme

LENGTH: 519  words


SAVANNAH, GABARBARA J. WALLACE, 50, whose business, MBA Diabetic Footwear
Solutions (MBA), was located in Savannah, Georgia, and enrolled in the Georgia
Medicaid program as a provider, was charged with eight counts of health care
fraud in an indictment returned by a federal grand jury sitting in Savannah,
Georgia.

The indictment alleges that WALLACE operated MBA, and submitted and caused to be
submitted, false and fraudulent claims to Medicaid between April 2010 and June
2014 by representing that a physician had actually authorized and approved
patients to receive orthotic equipment when such items had not been ordered by a
physician. It also alleged that WALLACE submitted and caused to be submitted,
false and fraudulent claims to Medicaid for orthotic equipment that was never
delivered to Medicaid patients.

United States Attorney Edward J. Tarver said, Prosecuting health care fraud
remains a top priority in the Southern District of Georgia. We will vigorously
investigate and prosecute those who seek to enrich themselves through fraudulent
healthcare schemes. This indictment should act as a reminder that the Office of
Inspector General is committed to pursuing all allegations of health care fraud,
said Derrick L. Jackson, Special Agent in Charge of the U.S. Department of
Health and Human Services, Office of Inspector General in Atlanta. Health care
providers who choose to bill for services that were never provided will soon
find themselves the subject of an investigation.

Georgia Attorney General Sam Olens said, My office has and will continue to
aggressively prosecute Medicaid fraud here in Georgia. We will continue to
protect Georgia taxpayers resources to the fullest possible extent from those
who seek to defraud the Medicaid system.

J. Britt Johnson, Special Agent in Charge, FBI Atlanta Field Office, stated: The
investigation and resulting federal indictment of Ms. Wallace alleges various
health care fraud violations spanning a four-year period. These cases call for
combined agency resources and efforts and the FBI is committed toward partnering
with those agencies in identifying and presenting for prosecution those who
would engage in this type of criminal activity.

If convicted, WALLACE faces a maximum penalty of ten years in prison for each of
the eight counts of health care fraud. Each of these charges also carries a fine
of up to $250,000. Mr. Tarver emphasized that an indictment is only an
accusation and is not evidence of guilt. The defendant is entitled to a fair
trial, during which it will be the Governments burden to prove guilt beyond a
reasonable doubt.

The case was investigated by The United States Health and Human Services Office
of Inspector General, the FBI, the Georgia Medicaid Fraud Control Unit, and the
South Carolina Medicaid Fraud Control Unit. Assistant United States Attorney
Scarlett S. Nokes, and Georgia Assistant Attorney General Steven Lee are
prosecuting the case on behalf of the United States. For additional information,
please contact First Assistant United States Attorney James D. Durham at (912)
201-2547. 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             939 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                             April 9, 2013 Tuesday

Businessman charged in fraud case

BYLINE: by BRIAN BOWLING

LENGTH: 277 words


The owner of a Springdale construction business defrauded a mall development
company on two West Coast projects in 2006 and 2007, according to federal
prosecutors.

Robert E. Crawford, age unavailable, of Trafford, then president of R.E.
Crawford Construction, paid $766,000 to an executive with Simon Property Group
Inc. to select his company for projects in Seattle and Laguna Hills, Calif.,
prosecutors say. Crawford made the payments to Abby Inc. of Carmel, Ind., a
separate company in which the executive was president, according to prosecutors.

Crawford allegedly conspired with his project manager to inflate invoices
submitted for the work. He is charged with wire fraud, three counts of mail
fraud, three counts of preparing false tax returns and two counts of filing
false tax returns.

There was no attorney listed for Crawford in court records.His home phone has
been disconnected and his office phone was out of service. A representative at
the Sarasota, Fla., office for the company couldn't be reached for comment.

In a 2008 civil lawsuit, Simon Property Group claimed Crawford, his company and
other defendants defrauded Simon  during the two projects.

Mark Palombaro, a former senior vice president of Simon Property Group and
president of Abby Inc., and his company agreed to pay Simon Property Group
$776,000, according to court documents.

The remaining defendants apparently settled in a separate agreement, but the
terms of the agreement aren't included in court documents, according to the case
record at Pittsburgh federal court.

Brian Bowling is a staff writer for Trib Total Media. He can be reached at
412-325-4301 or bbowling@tribweb.com

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2013 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             940 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                        Las Vegas (Nev.) Review-Journal

                          February 9, 2005, Wednesday

Las Vegas becoming favorite for scams

BYLINE: By John G. Edwards

LENGTH: 834 words



Rather than Sin City, Las Vegas could almost as easily be called Scam City,
based on a report that lists the city as one of the top U.S. locales for cases
of identity theft and consumer fraud.

Las Vegas ranks third in identity theft and fraud among major metropolitan
areas, according to a recent report issued by the Federal Trade Commission.

The city was behind only Washington, D.C., and the San Jose, Calif. area in
consumer fraud.

"Every huckster and flim-flam man in the world comes to Las Vegas," Metro Police
Lt. Steve Franks said, comparing the city to San Francisco during the 1840s Gold
Rush. "Money is a common commodity in this town."

As a result, his financial crimes section routinely deals with large fraud
cases. It is now working two cases involving $ 20 million each.

Tom Sargent, a spokesman for Nevada Attorney General Brian Sandoval, said he had
not seen the report.

"I think any reasonable person could point to the transient nature and explosive
growth down there as the reason for us being so high on the list," he said.

Total fraud losses in the fiscal year ending June 31 fell 60.5 percent, Franks
said. For the year to date, the dollar loss fell another 20.2 percent, he said.
Losses since July total $ 1.2 million.

"The number of victims (from identity theft) is going up, but the dollar loss is
dramatically plummeting," Franks said.

He attributed the reduced losses to the creation of a swing shift that is
"hunting these people down" and police efforts to educate citizens through
crime-prevention seminars.

Crime prevention presentations have been effective in getting people to discover
and stop identity theft before the losses get large, he said.

"I know we served over 100 search warrants last year" to investigate identity
thefts, he added.

"I lot of people across the nation thought (identity theft) was just a joke,"
Franks said. "It costs more than all the robberies combined."

Identity theft is much more difficult to successfully prosecute than bank
robberies, in which numerous witnesses typically see the crime, he said. With
identity theft, the witnesses may be scattered around the country, he said.

"They are difficult (cases) to put together and present to us simply because it
is difficult to identify the perpetrator," said District Attorney David Rogers.

Metro Police Sgt. Shane Robb said he received reports of 137 arrests by the
forgery detail since March, although some reports went straight to the district
attorney's office and bypassed his office. The forgery detail presented 459
cases to the district attorney's office in 2004, most of which involved forged
or counterfeit checks.

The Phoenix area led the nation with identity theft-related complaints at 182.2
per 100,000 people, followed by the Riverside, Calif., area at 166.6 per 100,000
and Las Vegas at 163.8 per 100,000.

Sargent recommended that residents protect themselves by getting a locking
mailbox and, if that is not allowed in the neighborhood, a post office box. "It
reduces the number of hands that could possibly get on your mail," he said.
Identity thieves, he said, often take credit card applications from an unlocked
mailbox and apply using the resident's name. "Bingo, they've got a credit card
in your name. They start spending on it," he said.

In Nevada, credit card fraud was the most prevalent kind of identity theft with
737 victims last year, or 25 percent of the total. Phone or utilities fraud came
second with 21 percent, followed by bank fraud at 20 percent. Fraud related to
employment, government documents or benefits and loan fraud were other key types
of fraud.

In the fraud complaints category, Internet auctions accounted for the biggest
portion of Nevada complaints. They represented 24 percent of the total for the
state, followed by home shopping and catalog sales fraud, Internet services and
computer complaints, business opportunities and work-at-home plans and prizes,
sweepstakes and lotteries.

Nevada ranks second behind Arizona in identity theft victims, with 2,935
victims, or 125.7 per 100,000 residents. Arizona led with 8,186 victims, or
142.5 per 100,000 residents.

The Silver State also ranked third among states, behind Arizona and Alaska, in
fraud complaints per person. Nevada has 3,352 fraud victims, or 151.3 per
100,000. Alaska was second at 1,143, which represents 174.4 per 100,000. Arizona
topped the list with 10,366, or 180.5 per 100,000.

Consumer Sentinel, the complaint database developed and maintained by the FTC,
compiled the statistics last year. The report shows 635,000 consumer fraud and
identity theft complaints totaling $ 547 million. The median or middle-size loss
was $ 259 nationally. The report shows that fraud and identity theft complaints
increased 17 percent from 2003 and were 57 percent higher than in 2002.



-----

To see more of the Las Vegas Review-Journal, or to subscribe to the newspaper,
go to http://www.lvrj.com.


LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

KR-ACC-NO: LV-SCAMS-20050209

JOURNAL-CODE: LV

               Copyright 2005 Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News
                 Copyright 2005 Las Vegas (Nev.) Review-Journal


                             941 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              February 23, 1984, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

TRIAL NEARS FOR FEDERAL JUDGE INDICTED IN NEVADA

BYLINE: By WALLACE TURNER

SECTION: Section A; Page 14, Column 2; National Desk

LENGTH: 1420 words

DATELINE: RENO, Nev., Feb. 22


Late Tuesday night, after almost 12 hours at the courthouse, Federal District
Judge Walter E. Hoffman finished reviewing a stack of defense motions and ruled
that Chief Federal District Judge Harry E. Claiborne of Nevada would go on trial
here March 12.

Since early January, Judge Hoffman has resisted all defense moves for delay. Now
Judge Claiborne's trial could be postponed only by a a special panel of appeals
court judges in San Francisco that has previously refused to grant a stay. On
Friday the panel will hear arguments on a motion based on the contention that
the constitutional separation of powers precludes prosecution of a judicial
officer by the executive branch until the officer has been impeached and removed
from office.

No sitting Federal judge has ever been convicted of crimes committed as a judge.
District Judge Alcee Hastings of Florida, the only Federal judge to be tried,
raised the constitutional separation of powers issue before his trial last year
on charges of obstructing justice and conspiring to solicit and accept a bribe,
but the argument was rejected by the United States Court of Appeals for the 11th
Circuit. A jury acquitted him on Feb. 4, 1983.

Judge Claiborne, a criminal defense lawyer in Nevada before his appointment to
the bench, was indicted last Dec. 8 by a Federal grand jury here. Two counts of
the indictment charge him with taking money from Joe Conforte, who formerly ran
the Mustang Ranch brothel near here.

Vote Fraud Investigation


One of these counts contends Mr. Conforte paid $30,000 to get Judge Claiborne to
interfere in a Federal vote fraud investigation involving prostitutes working
for Mr. Conforte. The other charges the judge committed wire fraud in the use of
interstate communications to get $45,000 from Mr. Conforte. Judge Claiborne is
alleged to have falsely told the brothel owner that judges of the United States
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit could be bribed to overturn his income
tax evasion conviction.

The last count caused all the Ninth Circuit judges to excuse themselves from any
decisions in Judge Claiborne's case. Friday's arguments will be heard by three
outside appellate judges, Floyd R. Gibson of Kansas City, Mo., Leonard I. Garth
of Newark and Cornelia G. Kennedy of Detroit.

One of the defense motions rejected tuesday by Judge Hoffman was an effort to
block Mr. Conforte from testifying by arguing that his plea bargain was illegal.
Negotiating from Brazil, where he had fled to avoid a five-year sentence for tax
evasion and which has no extradition treaty with the United States, Mr. Conforte
had his sentence cut to 15 months in exchange for testimony against Judge
Claiborne.

The defense contends that Federal District Judge John Lewis Smith of Washington,
who accepted the bargain and imposed the new sentence, had no authority to act
because more than 120 days had passed since the sentence was imposed.

Defense Theory Cited


''It fits our theory that the Government is out to get Judge Claiborne,'' Oscar
Goodman of Las Vegas, the lead defense counsel, said Tuesday. ''The Justice
Department sweetened the pie to get Joe Conforte to testify to get Judge
Claiborne.''

At another point in the exchange, Judge Hoffman criticized Mr. Goodman's attempt
to bring in the views of Gerald Swanson, an Internal Revenue Service agent who
opposed the plea bargain, which included a reduction in the Government's tax
claims.

''What does he know about it?'' the judge asked. ''He doesn't want to believe
anything Conforte says about Judge Claiborne. Neither do I. If it was
one-on-one, you would not even want to have a jury trial. But it is not one-on-
one. There is a lot more here than Joe Conforte.''

Judge Hoffman said Tuesday that he suspected the bargain was illegally
consumated, but that he had no right to intercede and no powers to reject Mr.
Conforte as a witness because of the technical flaw.

Judge Claiborne is also accused of three counts of tax evasion for 1978, 1979
and 1980, and of failing to list a $75,000 loan in his 1978 financial disclosure
statement.

In a seventh count, obstruction of justice, he is accused of telling Stanley
Brown, a Reno lawyer, to give false testimony to a Federal grand jury that was
investigating Judge Claiborne.

A Major Source of Testimony


Along with Mr. Conforte, Mr. Brown is seen as a major source of testimony
against Judge Claiborne. The Government has been required to provide the defense
with surreptitiously made tape recordings of conversations that may be used
against the judge. There has been no public disclosure of what was said in those
talks, but it is commonly said here that Mr. Brown was secretly recording
conversations with Judge Claiborne and turning the tapes over to the Government.

Mr. Brown, arriving to testify Tuesday night, nodded toward the group sitting
with Judge Claiborne. The judge froze and his jaw jutted out as he stared at his
former friend through slitted eyes. Mr. Brown hurried on toward the Government
lawyers' table.

Mr. Brown was in court because the Government wanted the judge to dismiss one of
the defense attorneys, John Squire Drendel, who, like Mr. Brown, is a Reno
lawyer. The Government contends that Mr. Drendel knew many details of of the
case and may be called as a witness by either side.

Mr. Brown testified that he had known Judge Claiborne ''since the 1950's,'' and
had known Mr. Drendel since ''World War II times.''

Mr. Brown also testified that Mr. Drendel saw him one morning in a restaurant
frequented by Reno lawyers and said: ''Harry doesn't want you to be interviewed
by the F.B.I. Or is it too late?'' Mr. Brown said he replied that ''it isn't too
late.''

Meaning of 30 and 50


On another occasion, Mr. Brown said, Mr. Drendel called him for a meeting. As
they walked through an alley, Mr. Brown said, Mr. Drendel said he was
representing Judge Claiborne and asked if 30 and 50 had a special meaning to Mr.
Brown. He said he replied affirmatively, and testified that he knew those sums,
in thousands of dollars, were the amounts paid to Judge Claiborne by Mr.
Conforte, according to rumors he had heard.  After hearing this and reminding
the lawyers that their judicial ethics forbid them to take part in a case as
counsel and witness, Judge Hoffman said, ''I am going to order Mr. Drendel out
of the case and that's all there is to it.''

Mr. Drendel's departure leaves Judge Claiborne represented by his lead counsel,
Mr. Goodman, and State Senator William Raggio of Reno, who as Washoe County
district attorney prosecuted Mr. Conforte in 1960 for trying to set a sex trap
for Mr. Raggio.

The prosecutors, all from the Public Integrity Section of the Department of
Justice, are Steven A. Shaw, William C. Hendricks 3d and Jan Nielsen Little.

Investigating and trying a sitting Federal judge has turned out to be an
unusually sensitive assignment for Judge Hoffman, who at 77 years of age is a
veteran of 31 years on the Federal bench. He lives in Norfolk, Va., but, as a
senior judge with minimal obligations to his home district, he takes many
assignments in other areas.

Judge Hoffman does not grant interviews. But he has frequently said things from
the bench that show his concerns and principles.

In January, when the hearings on motions began, he complained that Judge
Claiborne should stop talking to staff members who were under his supervision
before he was indicted; he became inactive pending his trial.

''You have been deprived of your staff,'' he told Judge Claiborne that day in
court. ''I don't want you going and talking to staff members.''

At the same time, Judge Hoffman has insisted that Judge Claiborne receive the
respect of his office. On Jan. 10, James Perry, a suprevisory special agent for
the Federal Bureau of Investigation, was testifying in an evidentiary hearing on
a defense motion. In recounting a conversation with the defendant, Mr. Perry
referred to the judge as Mr. Claiborne.

Judge Hoffman told Mr. Perry to use the defendant's title. Mr. Perry, who seemed
to be rattled by the misstep, started well, but moments later he again referred
to the judge as ''Mr. Claiborne.''

Judge Hoffman scolded the agent again, and ended by asking, ''Do you want me to
report you'' to William Webster, Director of the F.B.I., who used to be a
Federal district judge himself.

''No, sir,'' Mr. Perry responded, and thereafter he called the defendant ''Judge
Claiborne.''


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo of Judge Harry Claiborne

                   Copyright 1984 The New York Times Company


                             942 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              June 19, 2015 Friday
                                Suburban Edition

Health-care fraud crackdown called biggest to date

BYLINE: Lenny Bernstein;Sari Horwitz

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A02

LENGTH: 480 words


In Miami, the owners of a mental-health treatment center allegedly billed
Medicare for tens of millions of dollars' worth of intensive therapy that
actually involved just moving people to different locations. Some of them had
dementia so severe that they couldn't even communicate.

In Los Angeles, prosecutors say, one doctor collected $23 million for more than
1,000 power wheelchairs and other equipment his patients didn't need - which he
often didn't even provide.

And in Michigan, another physician allegedly prescribed unnecessary narcotic
painkillers in return for the use of his patients' IDs to generate additional
false billings. When they tried to escape the scheme, authorities say, he
threatened to cut off the medications, to which his patients were addicted.

It turns out that the government was checking on these and other doctors, nurses
and providers of psychotherapy, home care, drugs, physical therapy and medical
equipment. In the single largest crackdown in an eight-year campaign against
health-care fraud, the Justice Department charged 243 people Thursday with $712
million in false billings to Medicare - the medical insurance program for the
elderly - and Medicaid, which serves the poor.

Some of the schemes were so brazen that FBI Director James B. Comey likened
health-care providers to "ATMs" for the unscrupulous.

"If you want to find criminals, you follow the money," Comey said at a news
conference to announce the charges. "In this case, we followed the money and
found criminals who were attracted to doctor's offices, to clinics, to
hospitals, to nursing homes in search of what they viewed as an ATM, an ATM that
was a freebie to them but is actually filled with taxpayers' money."

The alleged fraud spanned the country, from Miami - where73 of the accused
worked - to Houston, Dallas, Los Angeles, New York, New Orleans, Detroit and
beyond. A sizable number allegedly targeted Medicare Part D, the
prescription-drug benefit that is the fastest-growing part of the huge program.

Since it was put together in 2007, the government "strike force" that focuses on
health-care fraud has charged more than 2,300 people accused of falsely billing
Medicare for more than $7 billion. Its efforts have been expanded with $350
million provided under the Affordable Care Act.

Medicare has long been an enticing target for fraud. Last year, The Washington
Post reported, a power wheelchair scam netted perpetrators untold amounts of the
program's money over 15 years. In 2011, a Miami health-care executive was
sentenced to 50 years in prison for  submitting more than $205 million in phony
claims.

As in the past, many of the current cases involve people who allegedly recruited
patients, the beneficiaries themselves and others who allegedly received
kickbacks for their involvement, the government charged.

leonard.bernstein@washpost.com

sari.horwitz@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2015 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                             943 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 13, 2014 Monday

California: Santa Clara Business Owners Indicted For Tax And Loan Fraud

LENGTH: 599  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


United States Attorney's Office for the northern District of California has
issued the following press release:

Fidencio Moreno, Arturo Moreno, and Elena Moreno were charged, yesterday, in a
superseding indictment with one count of conspiracy to defraud the United
States, eleven counts of filing a false tax return, one count of conspiracy to
commit wire fraud and bank fraud, and seven counts of making false statements on
a loan application, announced United States Attorney Melinda Haag, Assistant
Attorney General Kathryn Keneally of the Justice Department's Tax Division, and
Internal Revenue Service, Criminal Investigation, Special Agent in Charge José
M. Martinez.

According to the superseding indictment, defendants Arturo and Fidencio Moreno
were each fifty-percent owners of Quality Assurance Travel, a charter bus
company with an office in Santa Clara, Calif. Between 2005 and 2010, the
superseding indictment charges that the defendants conspired to defraud the
United States by impeding the ability of the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) to
ascertain, assess, and collect income taxes. The defendants are alleged to have
withheld cash business receipts from deposits into the company's bank accounts,
falsified the company's financial books and records, and filed false and
fraudulent tax returns. The defendants tracked the withheld cash in a cash
journal separate from the company's books and records, and did not disclose the
cash journal to their tax return preparer.

All three defendants are also charged with a separate conspiracy to commit wire
fraud and bank fraud. According to the superseding indictment, from at least
2005 through 2013, Fidencio, Arturo and Elena Moreno conspired to commit bank
fraud and wire fraud. The scheme involved submitting loan applications and
supporting documentation that made false and fraudulent statements regarding the
loan applicant's income, assets and the intended use of property that was the
subject of the loan. In all, five different properties are identified as having
been part of the scheme, which resulted in the approval of loans totaling more
than $3,328,600. Using these loans, the defendants purchased or refinanced
several different homes in the San Jose area. Fidencio and Elena are also
charged with individually and jointly making a false statement on a loan
application. Based on the bank fraud and wire fraud scheme, as well as the loan
fraud counts, the government is seeking forfeiture of various pieces of real
property that were derived from the false loan applications and a money judgment
of $3,328,600.

An indictment merely alleges that crimes have been committed, and all defendants
are presumed innocent until proven guilty beyond a reasonable doubt. If
convicted, the defendants face a maximum sentence of 5 years imprisonment and a
fine of $250,000 for conspiring to defraud the United States; up to 3 years
imprisonment and a fine of $250,000 for each false return count; and a maximum
term of imprisonment of 30 years and a fine of $1,000,000 for conspiracy to
commit bank fraud and wire fraud and for each false loan statement count. If
convicted, they could also be ordered to pay restitution to the IRS and any
financial institutions that they defrauded.

This case was investigated by IRS-Criminal Investigation. Trial Attorneys
Katherine L. Wong and Todd P. Kostyshak of the Justice Department's Tax
Division, along with Assistant U.S. Attorney Thomas Moore are prosecuting the
case, with the assistance of Kathy Tat and Saundra Burgess.

For more information please visit: http://www.justice.gov/usao/can

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             944 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 11, 2014 Saturday

California: Santa Clara Business Owners Indicted For Tax And Loan Fraud

LENGTH: 599  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


United States Attorney's Office for the northern District of California has
issued the following press release:

Fidencio Moreno, Arturo Moreno, and Elena Moreno were charged, yesterday, in a
superseding indictment with one count of conspiracy to defraud the United
States, eleven counts of filing a false tax return, one count of conspiracy to
commit wire fraud and bank fraud, and seven counts of making false statements on
a loan application, announced United States Attorney Melinda Haag, Assistant
Attorney General Kathryn Keneally of the Justice Department's Tax Division, and
Internal Revenue Service, Criminal Investigation, Special Agent in Charge José
M. Martinez.

According to the superseding indictment, defendants Arturo and Fidencio Moreno
were each fifty-percent owners of Quality Assurance Travel, a charter bus
company with an office in Santa Clara, Calif. Between 2005 and 2010, the
superseding indictment charges that the defendants conspired to defraud the
United States by impeding the ability of the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) to
ascertain, assess, and collect income taxes. The defendants are alleged to have
withheld cash business receipts from deposits into the company's bank accounts,
falsified the company's financial books and records, and filed false and
fraudulent tax returns. The defendants tracked the withheld cash in a cash
journal separate from the company's books and records, and did not disclose the
cash journal to their tax return preparer.

All three defendants are also charged with a separate conspiracy to commit wire
fraud and bank fraud. According to the superseding indictment, from at least
2005 through 2013, Fidencio, Arturo and Elena Moreno conspired to commit bank
fraud and wire fraud. The scheme involved submitting loan applications and
supporting documentation that made false and fraudulent statements regarding the
loan applicant's income, assets and the intended use of property that was the
subject of the loan. In all, five different properties are identified as having
been part of the scheme, which resulted in the approval of loans totaling more
than $3,328,600. Using these loans, the defendants purchased or refinanced
several different homes in the San Jose area. Fidencio and Elena are also
charged with individually and jointly making a false statement on a loan
application. Based on the bank fraud and wire fraud scheme, as well as the loan
fraud counts, the government is seeking forfeiture of various pieces of real
property that were derived from the false loan applications and a money judgment
of $3,328,600.

An indictment merely alleges that crimes have been committed, and all defendants
are presumed innocent until proven guilty beyond a reasonable doubt. If
convicted, the defendants face a maximum sentence of 5 years imprisonment and a
fine of $250,000 for conspiring to defraud the United States; up to 3 years
imprisonment and a fine of $250,000 for each false return count; and a maximum
term of imprisonment of 30 years and a fine of $1,000,000 for conspiracy to
commit bank fraud and wire fraud and for each false loan statement count. If
convicted, they could also be ordered to pay restitution to the IRS and any
financial institutions that they defrauded.

This case was investigated by IRS-Criminal Investigation. Trial Attorneys
Katherine L. Wong and Todd P. Kostyshak of the Justice Department's Tax
Division, along with Assistant U.S. Attorney Thomas Moore are prosecuting the
case, with the assistance of Kathy Tat and Saundra Burgess.

For more information please visit: http://www.justice.gov/usao/can

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             945 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       TELEGRAM & GAZETTE (Massachusetts)

                           December 12, 2009 Saturday
                                  ALL EDITIONS

Money Briefs

SECTION: MONEY; Money Briefs; Pg. A9

LENGTH: 476 words


Insider trading case

A former lawyer pleaded guilty in federal court in New York Thursday to
securities fraud, admitting a role in a $53 million insider trading case already
brought against 20 others. The case involves Marlboro-based 3Com Corp.

Brien Santarlas, 33, of Hoboken, N.J., entered the plea in U.S. District Court
in Manhattan. He is the third lawyer charged in the case; in October a
prosecutors said it is the largest hedge fund insider trading scheme ever
prosecuted.

The Securities and Exchange Commission announced civil charges against Mr.
Santarlas and said the secrets he disclosed regarding two deals made public in
2007 - Bain Capital Partners LLC's eventually unsuccessful bid for 3Com Corp.,
and TPG Capital's acquisition of Axcan Pharma Inc. - led to $20 million in
illegal profits. According to court papers, Mr. Santarlas received $7,500 in
cash for feeding tips about the 3Com deal and $25,000 in cash for secrets about
the Axcan acquisition. As part of his plea, Santarlas agreed to forfeit $42,500.

Fraud cost $133M

NEW YORK - On the anniversary of the arrest of Ponzi king Bernard Madoff, a fund
manager whose customers became spooked by Madoff's arrest and asked to retrieve
their own money pleaded guilty to fraud charges in a scheme the government says
cost investors $133 million.

James Nicholson, 43, of Saddle River, N.J., pleaded guilty in U.S. District
Court in Manhattan to securities fraud, investment adviser fraud and mail fraud
in what prosecutors said was a Ponzi scheme of his own.

Nicholson's scheme was discovered when he was unable to pay customers who tried
to retrieve their investments after hearing about Madoff.

Qteros official honored

MARLBORO - Susan Leschine, a professor at the University of Massachusetts at
Amherst, and co-founder of biofuels company Qteros, has been named one of the
Top 25 Women in Tech by technology and media blog AlwaysOn.

Those named to the blog's first list, intended to be an annual event, were
chosen for overall innovation, ability to identify new market opportunities and
creation of stakeholder value. A decade ago, Ms. Leschine discovered an
anaerobic microbe, now known as the Q Microbe, near the Quabbin Reservoir. Her
discovery and subsequent research led to the 2006 founding of Qteros, which is
using the microbe to make cellulosic ethanol from plant waste.

Six Flags plan OK'd

Six Flags Inc., the New York-based theme-park owner, which has a park in Agawam,
got court permission to finance its exit from bankruptcy using loans and a stock
sale, if the company wins approval of its reorganization proposal.

U.S. Bankruptcy Judge Christopher Sontchi approved the proposed $800 million
loan and a $450 million rights offering at a hearing Friday in Wilmington, Del.

Six Flags filed for bankruptcy in June with plans to cut debt by $1.8 billion.

From local and wire service reports

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2009 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             946 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              February 6, 1986, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

C.H. Butcher Arrested

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section D; Page 12, Column 6; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 96 words

DATELINE: KNOXVILLE, Tenn., Feb. 5


C. H. Butcher Jr., the younger brother of the convicted swindler Jake Butcher, a
Tennessee financier, was arrested today on fraud charges in connection with the
1983 failure of a thrift institution that was not federally insured, the F.B.I.
said. James E. Steiner, 43, the former president of the institution, the
Southern Industrial Banking Corporation, was also arrested, the F.B.I. said.
Each man has been charged with 11 counts of mail fraud, 10 counts of wire fraud
and 5 counts of security fraud. Both face up to 130 years in prison and as much
as $26,000 in fines.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company


                             947 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                 The Daily News (Jacksonville, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             June 1, 2011 Wednesday

Jacksonville duo to enter plea in federal fraud case

BYLINE: Lindell Kay, The Daily News, Jacksonville, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 595 words


June 01--Two Jacksonville men indicted in a Georgia credit card fraud case
involving an illegal immigrant and a former police officer are to appear before
a federal judge this week.

Dashun McQuiller, 32, and Shaun Grittner, 31, have been indicted by a federal
grand jury on charges of conspiracy to commit credit card fraud. They are
scheduled to appear before a federal magistrate in Macon, Ga., this week to
enter a plea.

The two men are accused of helping Vikas Yadav, a now-deported India native,
clone credit cards and steal hundreds of thousands of dollars from residents in
Athens, Ga.

Yadav, the supposed ringleader of the outfit, pleaded guilty last year to to
fraud charges and was deported.

McQuiller, Grittner and Dwight Riddick, a former New York City police officer
who lives in Atlanta, were indicted May 12 in U.S. District Court. The
indictments allege that the three men conspired with Yadav to use cloned credit
cards on a several-state shopping spree to buy flatscreen plasma televisions,
haul them back to Yadav's home in rental trucks and resell them online.

McQuiller and Grittner work together at a Jacksonville car audio shop, according
to a website registered to the store.

McQuiller has a criminal conviction history in North Carolina that includes
possession of stolen goods, breaking and entering vehicles, larceny, keeping
hired property and seven counts of writing worthless checks, according to the
N.C. Department of Correction.

He has pending cases in Onslow and Pender counties on charges of fictitious
tags, driving without insurance and driving while license revoked, according to
the N.C. Criminal Court Calendar.

Grittner was convicted of possession of Schedule II and Schedule IV narcotics in
2006, according to the DOC.

The federal fraud investigation began in 2007 when authorities intercepted a
package containing 20 cloned credit cards Yadav sent to McQuiller, according to
a U.S. Secret Service arrest affidavit.

After a year-long investigation by federal and local authorities, Yadav was
taken into custody in August 2008 near a Mississippi Walmart where he made a
suspicious transaction. Yadav had cloned credit cards, cloning equipment and
goods bought with stolen credit card numbers in his van, according to the
affidavit.

An expelled University of Georgia student who worked at a liquor store, Yadav
was leasing a house in an upscale Athens suburb for $2,300 a month and driving a
Hummer, a Mercedes Benz, an Escalade and a BMW, according to archived news
reports and court documents.

To bankroll his lifestyle he was re-coding blank gift cards with stolen credit
card numbers from about a hundred customers at the liquor store, according to
arrest and search warrants.

Subsequent to his arrest, authorities search Yadav's home and found 140
new-in-the-box items, including 36 televisions, 13 Nintendo WIIs, Garmin GPS
units and 50 copies of Windows Vista software. More than $100,000 in cash was
also found, according to the search warrant.

McQuiller was at Yadav's house when authorities searched it in late 2008 but was
not arrested at that time. While police searched the home, Riddick drove up in a
rental truck full of new TVs and cloned credit cards, according to the Athens
Banner Herald.

To see more of The Daily News, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.jdnews.com. Copyright (c) 2011, The Daily News, Jacksonville, N.C.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110601-JN-Jacksonville-duo-to-enter-plea-in-federal-fraud
-case-0601-20110601

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JN


                         Copyright 2011 The Daily News


                             948 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Herald-Sun (Durham, NC)

                           August 11, 2004 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Man pleads guilty to 2 of 12 charges in mortgage fraud ring

BYLINE: Associated Press

SECTION: DURHAM; Pg. C14

LENGTH: 305  words


RALEIGH -- A man accused of helping lead a massive mortgage fraud ring that
affected more than 100 investors has pleaded guilty to two of 12 charges against
him under a plea deal with federal prosecutors.

Under a plea agreement reached Monday, James David Bullock, 42, faces a possible
sentence of seven years and three months to nine years in prison.

A judge may cut the sentence if Bullock cooperates with the ongoing
investigation into his company, Jalen Investments of Raleigh, and a related
company, Mega Group of Charlotte.

The companies are accused of orchestrating a complex series of fraudulent
mortgage deals, primarily in Johnston and Wake counties. Investigators called it
one of the largest cases of mortgage fraud in state history.

A December indictment said the ring defrauded more than 100 investors and
fraudulently obtained mortgages worth more than $23 million.

Bullock pleaded guilty in U.S. District Court in Charlotte to two of the 12
charges against him -- conspiracy to commit mail fraud, wire fraud, bank fraud
and witness tampering; and conspiracy to launder money.

In the plea agreement, Bullock said he caused mortgage companies to lose $2.5
million to $7 million.

Two co-defendants, Eric C. Crawford and Christopher R. Hines of Charlotte, face
trial next month in Charlotte on the same conspiracy charges, plus charges of
bank fraud, wire fraud, mail fraud and money laundering.

An indictment of all three men alleged that they recruited investors to sign for
mortgages, telling them they could earn $50,000 or more by buying homes with no
money down. According to the indictment, the companies offered them cash at
closing and promised to make the mortgage payments.

In the agreement, Bullock agreed to pay restitution to victims, cooperate with
investigators and testify against other defendants in the case.

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2004 The Durham Herald Co.


                             949 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                      IBNS

                      April 12, 2014 Saturday 6:30 AM EST

US businessman indicted for bankruptcy fraud

BYLINE: India Blooms News Service

LENGTH: 447  words


Jackson, Apr 12 (IBNS) William D. "Butch" Dickson, 58, of Jackson, was indicted
by a federal grand jury on April 8, 2014, on six counts of bankruptcy fraud, six
counts of bank fraud, and five counts of wire fraud, announced U.S. Attorney
Gregory K. Davis and FBI Special Agent in Charge Daniel McMullen.

According to the indictment, Dickson's company, Community Home Financial
Services (CHFS), is in Chapter 11 Bankruptcy in the Southern District of
Mississippi Bankruptcy Court. Dickson is alleged to have illegally transferred
$9,095,000 out of various bankruptcy escrow accounts to an account he controlled
at Banco Panemeno in Panama City, Panama.

The indictment alleges that Dickson relocated his businesses to Panama and Costa
Rica and began instructing CHFS customers to submit their monthly mortgage
payments to addresses in Las Vegas, Nevada, and Miami, Florida, for the purpose
of having those payments re-shipped to Costa Rica, in order to prevent the
Bankruptcy Court from acquiring CHFS income.

As part of the bankruptcy proceeding, the indictment alleges that all of CHFS
assets, both the $9,095,000 transferred to Panama and the incoming mortgage
payments from CHFS customers, were under the control of the Bankruptcy Court and
were to be retained for the benefit of CHFS creditors.

Dickson was detained in Panama by Panamanian Immigration officers and was
expelled to the United States on March 12, 2014.

Dickson was arrested on a criminal complaint and appeared before a U.S.
Magistrate Judge in Miami, Florida, on March 19, 2014, where he was ordered to
be detained by the U.S. Marshals without bond and returned to the Southern
District of Mississippi. His next court date in Jackson, Mississippi, has not
been set.

If convicted, Dickson faces maximum penalties of five years in prison on each
count of bankruptcy fraud, 30 years on each count of bank fraud, and 20 years on
each count of wire fraud. He also faces maximum fines of $250,000 on each count.

FBI Special Agent in Charge Daniel McMullen stated, "Bankruptcy protection is a
privilege afforded to individuals who have suffered financial setbacks,
appropriately allowing them to get a fresh start. It is not a means for debtors
to fraudulently conceal their assets from legitimate creditors. When this
privilege is abused, it threatens the integrity of the bankruptcy process.

"The FBI is committed to combating bankruptcy fraud and abuse, thereby ensuring
the public's continued trust in the bankruptcy process."

The public is reminded that an indictment is a formal charge that a defendant
has committed a violation of the federal criminal laws.

All defendants are presumed innocent unless and until proven guilty.

LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


            Copyright 2014 India Blooms., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             950 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     August 25, 1997, Monday, FINAL EDITION

Columbia/HCA probe narrows Government links four raided sites to company execs

BYLINE: Chris Woodyard

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 2B

LENGTH: 329 words

DATELINE: TAMPA, Fla.


TAMPA, Fla. -- Only four Columbia/HCA Healthcare sites raided
by federal agents last month will figure into the Medicare fraud
prosecution of three company executives, federal authorities say.

At least a dozen other sites were searched in Florida, indicating
most are tied to the the federal government's broader, ongoing
investigation of the nation's largest for-profit hospital chain.

Federal agents executed 20 search warrants in Florida last month,
including some sites where multiple warrants were served at the
same time. About 35 search warrants were executed as part of a
six-state roundup of Columbia's business records. Defense attorneys
were told by prosecutors after a hearing last week that while
hundreds of items were seized in the July 16 raids, documents
being used in the government's case against the three executives
are comparatively narrow in scope.

They will include only documents confiscated from Columbia's North
division offices in Jacksonville, its Southwest division offices
in Fort Myers, an Orlando storage center and the Port Charlotte
hospital where the violations allegedly occurred.

Defendant Michael Neeb is chief financial officer in Jacksonville
and Jay Jarrell is CEO in Fort Myers. They, together with Reimbursement
Director Robert Whiteside at Columbia's headquarters in Nashville,
have pleaded innocent to charges of defrauding Medicare.

Prosecutors have said the Columbia investigation is much larger
in scope, and has become the centerpiece of the government's effort
to root out Medicare fraud.

That effort got a boost last week as the Clinton administration
announced grants of $ 2.5 million more for its Medicare fraud programs.
Called "Operation Restore Trust," the program is touted as wiping
out $ 23 in fraud for every $ 1 expended.

Much of the funds will be spent on high technology, such as software
to develop fraud-tracking systems and detecting Internet scams.

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1997 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             951 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                             July 9, 2016 Saturday

Hudson County Man Sentenced To Five Years In Prison For Role In $13 Million
Mortgage Fraud Scheme

LENGTH: 479  words


CAMDEN, N.J.  A Hudson County, New Jersey, man was sentenced today to 60 months
in prison for his role in a $13 million mortgage fraud scam that used phony
documents and straw buyers to make illegal profits on overbuilt condos in
Wildwood and Wildwood Crest, New Jersey, U.S. Attorney Paul J. Fishman
announced.

John Leadbeater, 59, of Kearny, New Jersey, previously pleaded guilty before
U.S. District Judge Jerome B. Simandle to a superseding indictment charging him
with conspiracy to commit wire fraud. Judge Simandle imposed the sentence today
in Camden federal court.

According to documents filed in this case and statements made in court:

Leadbeater and his conspirators located condominiums overbuilt by financially
distressed developers in Wildwood and Wildwood Crest, New Jersey. They then
recruited straw buyers from New Jersey, New York, Ohio, Arkansas, and
California, to purchase those properties. The straw buyers had good credit
scores, but lacked the financial resources to qualify for the mortgage loans.
The conspirators created false documents, including loan applications that
contained fraudulent financial and employment information, to make the straw
buyers appear more credit-worthy and induce the lenders to make the loans.

Once the loans were approved, Leadbeater and his conspirators created and signed
fraudulent closing documents in order to induce the mortgage lenders to send the
loan proceeds in connection with real estate closings on the properties. Once
the mortgage lenders sent the loan proceeds, Leadbeater and his conspirators
took a portion of the proceeds, having funds wired or checks deposited into
various accounts they controlled. They also distributed a portion of the
proceeds to the other members of the conspiracy for their respective roles.

Leadbeater admitted to personally participating in fraudulent activity related
to nine properties in Wildwood and Wildwood Crest.  He admitted causing mortgage
lenders to fund $4,711,557 worth of mortgages based on the bogus loan
applications and closing documents prepared by him and his conspirators.

In addition to the prison term, Judge Simandle sentenced Leadbeater to five
years of supervised release. A restitution hearing has been set for July 28,
2016.

U.S. Attorney Fishman credited special agents from the FBIs Atlantic City
Resident Agency, under the direction of Special Agent in Charge Timothy
Gallagher in Newark; and special agents of IRS-Criminal Investigation in Mays
Landing, under the direction of Special Agent in Charge Jonathan D. Larsen in
Newark, for the investigation leading to todays sentencing.

The government is represented by Assistant U.S. Attorneys Jacqueline M. Carle
and Matthew T. Smith of the U.S. Attorney's Office Criminal Division in Camden.

Defense counsel: Thomas J. Cammarata Esq. and Jeffrey Garrigan Esq., Jersey City
2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: July 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             952 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                              June 12, 2015 Friday

Four Charged with Running an Investment Fraud Scheme

LENGTH: 400  words


United States Attorney James L. Santelle announced today that a 31-count
indictment was handed down Tuesday charging four individuals with running an
investment fraud scheme from 2008 through 2012. Todd Dyer, age 51, a resident of
Lake Geneva, Wisconsin, was charged in all 31 counts, including 21 counts of
wire fraud, five counts of money laundering, and five counts of transporting
funds obtained from fraud across state lines. Nicholas Hindman, age 63, a
resident of Glen Ellyn, Illinois, was charged with engaging in the scheme with
charges of wire fraud, money laundering, and transporting funds obtained from
fraud across state lines. Melvin Krumdick, age 73, a resident of Oak Park, IL,
was also charged with engaging in the scheme and with wire fraud and money
laundering counts. Tracy Bolton, age 47, a resident of Lakemoor, IL, was also
charged with engaging in the scheme to defraud and with counts charging wire
fraud and interstate transportation of funds obtained by fraud. Each wire fraud
count carries a maximum penalty of 20 years in prison, the money laundering
counts and interstate transportation of funds obtained by fraud each carry a
maximum penalty of 10 years' imprisonment.


According to the indictment, the defendants created and marketed investment
entities that were involved in purchasing valuable and scarce Midwest farmland
property. The defendants offered investors an opportunity to invest in these
entities by selling investors common stock, limited partnership interests, and
stock warrants. Despite representations to the contrary, none of the investment
entities ever purchased any farmland. According to the indictment, investors
gave the defendants approximately $1.5 million, and instead of using the funds
to purchase farmland, the defendants diverted the money and used it for personal
purposes or to pay costs necessary to continue the promotion of the fraud
scheme.
The case was investigated by agents from the Internal Revenue Service Criminal
Division, and agents the Federal Bureau of Investigation. The case is being
prosecuted by Assistant United States Attorneys Joseph R. Wall and Benjamin W.
Proctor.
The public is cautioned that criminal charges do not constitute evidence of
guilt. An individual is presumed innocent until such time, if ever, that the
government establishes his or her guilt beyond a reasonable doubt. 2015 Legal
Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: June 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             953 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 4, 2014 Friday

Washington: Valuation Fraud Risk Jumps in First Quarter

LENGTH: 338  words

DATELINE: Washington


American Land Title Association has issued the following news release:

Risk of fraud in property valuations spiked in the first quarter, according to a
report released Wednesday by a risk analytics firm.

Interthinx reported a 1 percent decline in its national Mortgage Fraud Risk
Index from the fourth quarter of 2013 to the first quarter of 2014, bringing the
index's value down to 100. The index measures fraud trends among loan
applications analyzed by the company's fraud detection tool.

Three of the component indices--measuring identity fraud, occupancy fraud, and
employment and income fraud--came down over the quarter. The remaining
component, property valuation fraud, surged up 27 percent to an index value of
128.

Analysts for Interthinx attribute the increase in valuation fraud risk to a rise
in buyers purchasing and listing multiple properties in the same neighborhood.

"By controlling those markets, these persons have the ability to artificially
control the price of a property to their advantage," the company said in its
report. Another factor in the spike is an increase in properties "being
appraised well above traditional valuation thresholds," Interthinx added.

Interthinx president Jeff Moyer called the rise in property valuation risk
"troublesome," as "collateral values are a critical element in making sound
lending decisions."

"To make lending decisions with increased confidence in the loan's quality, we
recommend that lenders use automated tools early in the valuation process to
double check opinions of value, quality of work and regulatory compliance on
issues such as licensing," he said.

In all fraud areas, California remained the riskiest state, bringing a Mortgage
Fraud Risk Index of 146. The Golden State also has the dubious distinction of
being home to eight of the 10 riskiest metro areas as well as eight of the 10
riskiest ZIP codes.

Also ranking high in fraud risk were the District of Columbia, Florida, Arizona,
and Connecticut.

For further information please visit: http://www.alta.org

LOAD-DATE: July 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             954 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                            October 18, 2009 Sunday
                                  Main Edition

Appraiser board toothless, say critics

BYLINE: Russell Grantham; Staff

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 14A

LENGTH: 416 words


New home appraisal rules echo earlier crisis-inspired reforms of the industry.

After the savings and loan crisis in the 1980s and 1990s led to failures of
hundreds of financial institutions, federal lawmakers required states to create
boards to license and certify the appraisers who provide valuations for most
home mortgages.

But critics say the agency the Georgia Legislature created in 1990 to oversee
appraisers has been relatively toothless even as the state headed toward the
most recent financial crisis, becoming the nation's epicenter for mortgage fraud
cases in 2005.

Other hot spots for mortgage fraud, the FBI said at the time, included
California, Florida, Nevada, Utah, Michigan and Illinois.

Those states are now leaders in another category: bank failures caused by
collapsing loan values tied to the real estate crash. Georgia is now the
nation's leader, with 24 bank failures in less than 14 months.

Most of the mortgage fraud cases involved collusion by real estate investors and
appraisers or lying by loan brokers and borrowers. But problems also arose
because appraisers feared their business might dry up if their value estimates
came in too low and caused deals to fall apart.

After almost two decades in existence, the Georgia Real Estate Appraisers Board
still exists mostly on paper, grafted onto the tiny Georgia Real Estate
Commission, which regulates real estate agents.

The appraisal board has no staff of its own. The combined agency currently
oversees about 102,000 real estate agents and 5,000 real estate appraisers with
a staff of about 30 people. That's roughly 3,500 professionals per state
regulator.

"Mortgage fraud, it's the easiest crime to get away with," said Atlanta
appraiser Greg Wilkinson, because the agency is so overwhelmed. He said he was
pressured to produce inflated appraisals but refused.

The epidemic of mortgage fraud "created a lot of cases for us," said Real Estate
Commissioner Jeff Ledford. But he said the agency's workload is not as heavy as
the statistics suggest because it has automated most routine tasks such as
processing license renewals. "We have people mostly for investigations," he
said.

The mortgage fraud crisis has inspired other new regulations as well. Last year,
Congress enacted a law requiring all states to set up systems to license and
regulate loan brokers and other originators of residential loans.

Georgia's version, administered by the agency that oversees state-chartered
banks, is scheduled to go into effect Jan. 1.

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2009 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                             955 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               January 26, 1986, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

THE NATION;
Inquiry Finds A Pattern in Mortgage Frauds

BYLINE: By Micheal Wright and Caroline Rand Herron

SECTION: Section 4; Page 4, Column 1; Week in Review Desk

LENGTH: 240 words


Federal officials confirmed last week that they had found a pattern in their
continuing investigation of home mortgage fraud. Across the country, they said,
real-estate investors have used similar methods in defrauding the Department of
Housing and Urban Development of tens of millions of dollars.

In a typical scheme, the officials said, an investor conveys a home to a sham
purchaser, sometimes a child, inflating the value of the property and obtaining
a Government-insured mortgage on the basis of a falsified application. The buyer
defaults, leaving the Government liable for the loan. ''We're very alarmed
because there seems to be some sort of whispering campaign among these people,''
said Robert E. Nipp, an H.U.D. spokesman. ''These schemes go from city to city,
and it looks like they use the same routine.''

Another Federal official said that in Washington, D.C., alone, the Government
faced a loss that might exceed $25 million, which would make the District's
mortgage swindle potentially the costliest in H.U.D.'s history. Similar frauds
have been reported in Houston, Milwaukee and Camden, N.J., among other cities.

''It becomes apparent with each passing indictment the fraud is more extensive
than this Court ever thought,'' said Federal District Judge Stanley Brotman as
he sentenced five men in Camden on Jan. 10. ''The Court cannot close its eyes to
the fact that every taxpayer is hurt. Money is being stolen.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company


                             956 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 22, 2016 Friday

Texas: Career Securities Law Violator Pleads Guilty To Manipulation

LENGTH: 357  words

DATELINE: New York



 Austin: JD Supra Business Advisor, The State of Texas has issued the following
news release:



   The Manhattan U.S. Attorney's Office secured a guilty plea in a stock
manipulation case from a career securities law violator. The guilty plea is the
fourth conviction for defendant John Galanis. U.S. v. Galanis, No. 1:15-cr-00643
(S.D.N.Y.).





 The case centers on a microcap fraud and the manipulation of shares of publicly
traded Gerova Financial Group. To execute his scheme Mr. Galanis, with the
assistance of an investment adviser, caused the firm to issue 5 million shares.
That represented nearly half of the public float for the company. It was then
placed in an account under the name of Shahina. This disguised his ownership of
the stock.



 A series of accounts under the Shahina name were then opened. Mr. Galanis
induced investment advisers and others to purchase shares of Gerova stock for
their clients by paying bribes. These arrangements permitted him to control the
timing of the market transactions. That activity was coordinated with wash sales
and matched trades which manipulated the share price. As this market activity
unfolded Mr. Galanis and his conspirators sold their stock. The manipulation
yielded about $20 million in profits.



 Mr. Galanis pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy to commit securities
fraud and one count of securities fraud. The date for sentencing has not been
set. Mr. Galanis was previously convicted of securities fraud and bribery in
1973 and sentenced to serve 6 months in prison. In 1988 he was convicted of
multiple counts of racketeering, tax fraud, securities fraud, bank fraud and
bribery and sentenced to serve 27 years in prison. That same year he was
convicted in New York County Supreme Court of grand larceny and sentenced to
serve seven to seventeen years in prison.



 Previously, in this case, Gavin Hamels pleaded guilty to one count of
conspiracy to commit securities fraud. He is awaiting sentencing. Four other
defendants are scheduled for trial in September 2016.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             957 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                       March 9, 2001 Friday FINAL EDITION

3 INDICTED IN EBAY AUCTIONS ART FRAUD;
CHARGES SAY THEY WERE PART OF A BIDDING RING THAT BILKED BUYERS OF $450,000 BY
PLACING SHILL BIDS;
FBI HUNTS ONE SUSPECT

BYLINE: John Schwartz and Judith H. Dobrzynski

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B01

LENGTH: 554 words


Three men accused of trying to sell a colorful abstract painting on the eBay
auction Web site last year for $135,805 were indicted Thursday on charges that
they were part of a bidding ring that bilked art buyers of $450,000.

The 35-page indictment charges two Northern California men, Kenneth Fetterman of
Placerville and Kenneth A. Walton of Sacramento, and Scott Beach of Lakewood,
Colo., with 16 counts of wire fraud, mail fraud and placing "shill" bids in
1,100 auctions, including the painting auctioned in May 2000 and purported to be
by the modern master Richard Diebenkorn.

Using online user IDs, or screen names such as thriftstorebob and
big-fat-mamba-jambas, the indictment says, the bidders buoyed prices and
intended to trick other bidders into believing that the sellers were respected
members of the eBay community. In all, the auctions brought the sellers
$450,000.

Shill bidding, or bidding on one's own auctions, is forbidden by eBay rules and
is generally illegal in the traditional auction world.

Each count of mail fraud and wire fraud could, if proved in court, lead to a
maximum penalty of up to five years in prison and $1 million in fines.

Walton and Beach have been contacted by investigators but have not been
arrested, but "Mr. Fetterman has not been located, and the FBI is currently
looking for him," said Nick Rossi, a spokesman for the FBI in Sacramento, where
the indictment was issued.

The FBI opened its investigation after reading a June 2, 1999, newspaper article
that outlined how Walton, a Sacramento lawyer, almost sold the $135,805 painting
after putting it up for sale for 25 cents.

Walton paid a fee to eBay to have the painting listed as a "Featured Auction" in
the art category on the Web site.

According to the indictment, "the description of the work stated that he had
purchased the painting at a garage sale in Berkeley, California, before he was
married, and that his child had punctured a hole in it with a Big Wheel." A
picture of the hole happened to show the initials "R.D."

The indictment states that "In fact, these statements were misrepresentations
designed to deceive potential bidders." It added that Walton "had never been
married, and had never had a child," and he bought the picture at a second-hand
shop in Littlerock, near Los Angeles.

The price of the painting skyrocketed on speculation that it might have been
created by Diebenkorn, the renowned California abstract painter.

The three defendants made more than 50 bids on the painting, the indictment
says, and a man in the Netherlands placed the winning bid. The auction company
later nullified the sale and suspended Walton for bidding on his own painting
under at least five Internet names, including golfpoorly, cheesesix and
grecescu.

According to the indictment, the bidding ring had eclectic tastes in art,
selling and bidding on hundreds of paintings that purported to be created by
such artists as Edward Hopper, William Wendt, Percy Gray, Alberto Giacometti,
Clyfford Still and Maurice Utrillo.

The indictment states that Fetterman and Walton went so far as to create user
IDs that included the names "Giacometti" and "Still" to give the impression that
"a family member of the famous artists was bidding in the auctions of those
paintings."

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: New York Times
Mug of Fetterman

                       Copyright 2001 Contra Costa Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             958 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                           November 18, 1997, Tuesday

Florida launches assault on state, local workers comp fraud

BYLINE: BY HELEN R. MACLEOD

SECTION: INSURANCE; Pg. 13A

LENGTH: 538 words


A crackdown on fraudulent insurance claims for on-the-job injuries by government
workers has resulted in 11 arrest warrants from the Florida Department of
Insurance in Tallahassee.

Officials said last week that another 80 current or former state and local
employees remain under investigation.

Insurance fraud has become such a recognized problem in Florida that, last
month, Florida Treasurer and Insurance Commissioner Bill Nelson announced a plan
to offer cash for insurance fraud tips.

Mr. Nelson said he'll offer a bill to the 1998 Legislature. Tipsters would
receive rewards of up to $5,000 or 10 percent of the amount of fraud uncovered,
for information resulting in convictions.

These latest arrests - part of a probe into suspected workers compensation fraud
by government employees, dubbed Operation Stop Payment - were announced last
Thursday by Florida Treasurer and Insurance Commissioner Bill Nelson. Another 80
workers compensation cases involving government employees in Miami, Tampa,
Orlando, Jacksonville, Pensacola and West Palm Beach remain under scrutiny as
investigators with the state's Division of Insurance Fraud search for evidence
of possible fraud, Mr. Nelson said.

In addition to one current and two former social service workers, others named
in arrest warrants include one current and two former prison system workers, a
former road department employee, a university employee and a former employee of
a school board. Two non-public employees, one of them already in prison, also
are being charged.

Mr. Nelson said the crimes charged had already cost taxpayers more than $200,000
in payments to cover current or former state employees claims for on- the-job
injuries.

""We're not going to tolerate public employees ripping off insurers and
taxpayers,'' he said.

Operation Stop Payment - part of a continuing crackdown on all forms of workers
compensation fraud, which has included a statewide grand jury - uncovered
instances of alleged injury fraud and double dipping by government workers.

The first, injury fraud, begins as a minor on-the-job injury that develops into
an opportunity for an early retirement or a paycheck supplement from Florida's
self-insured risk management funds.

So-called double dipping involves claimants collecting disability benefits while
working full-or part-time at another job.

Insurance Department officials described how one of the double-dipping schemes
worked.

A woman who worked at the former Department of Health and Rehabilitative
Services collected $19,515 in workers compensation benefits from the state. But
during the two years in which she received the money, investigators found, she
ran a home day-care center and also worked at a florist shop.

She was arrested Thursday on charges of workers compensation fraud and grand
theft.

Despite the high profile problem of workers compensation fraud, Mr. Nelson last
month noted a continuing reduction in the cost of claims for injured workers,
and ordered that premiums on workers compensation coverage be reduced an average
of 3.2 percent, effective Jan. 1.

It marked the second straight year Florida has cut rates on policies that cover
against on-the-job injuries.

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1997 Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                             959 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            August 30, 2008 Saturday
                                 Every Edition

Fewer Loans, But Still More Fraud

BYLINE: Kenneth R. Harney

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. F01

LENGTH: 809 words


You might assume that with home purchases and new mortgage volume off by 30
percent or more in many markets in the past year, loan fraud would be down as
well.

Wrong. A benchmark quarterly study released this week by the mortgage industry's
principal compiler of fraud reports, the Mortgage Asset Research Institute,
found that the number of cases jumped 42 percent between the second quarter of
2007 and the same period this year.

They ranged from hoked-up income verifications and credit reports to falsified
employment records, financial assets illegally "rented" to buyers to beef up
their loan applications, inflated appraisals, straw-buyer scams, and a wide
variety of hanky-panky schemes among sellers and purchasers aimed at fooling
lenders.

The highest numbers of fraud reports in the second quarter came from Florida,
California, Maryland, Illinois and Michigan.

Tough market conditions appear to actually increase pressures to commit fraud,
says Merle D. Sharick, vice president of the research institute.

"Mortgage fraud used to be a crime of opportunity," he said. "Now it's a crime
of necessity for people who are desperate to maintain lifestyles they became
accustomed to" during the housing boom years.

The Internet is a key facilitator of their activities, Sharick said, with dozens
of Web sites hawking fake income and employment verifications, tax filings,
credit scores, deposit verifications and other forms of deception. Some
individuals have begun using free advertising services such as Craigslist to
promote their wares, such as bank deposits that are available to home loan
applicants to claim as their own on mortgage applications. In fact, the deposits
remain in the control of the scammers; only the account identification is
changed for a short time.

One Web promoter recently blitzed loan officers with e-mails touting "pay stub
and job verifications -- show the income you need on paper." Recipients were
directed to submit requests by text message. A Web site address also was listed
but was not functional when I tried it in late August.

A scam that recently popped up online involved promoters trolling the Web for
"straw buyers" -- people with good credit scores and incomes who would rent
their names and asset verifications for home purchases by unqualified buyers. In
one case, said Sharick, straw buyers were offered $7,500 per transaction for
their financial identities. Legal title subsequently was transferred from the
straw buyer to the actual purchasers, who otherwise would have been rejected by
the lender. The straw buyers later could claim identity theft.

Web-based crooks tend to be nimble, creative and technically savvy. The Mortgage
Asset Research Institute and private lenders may flag online vendors to the FBI
or state financial crimes investigators. But by the time they focus in on the
site, the sponsors often have covered their tracks electronically and moved on
to new addresses and new pitches.

Some vendors try to skate to the edge of the law, selling pay stubs and
employment verifications, or the software to manufacture them in bold print,
while in fine print disclaiming any connection with improper uses of the
documents or software. One site characterized its pay stubs as "novelty"
products. "Although these stubs are authentic looking and will FOOL ANYONE --
EVERYTIME," said the site, the pay-stub software being sold is "not intended to
be used to acquire a mortgage" or other types of loans.

At the other end of the spectrum, low-tech records systems maintained by some
counties sometimes allow scam perpetrators to file fake documents that give them
effective control of properties, at least temporarily, according to Sharick.

"There are 3,800 county courthouses out there," he said, many of them with
outdated systems, low budgets and staff, and minimal defenses against
sophisticated con artists. "For a $10 filing fee, nine out of 10 times [in those
counties], they'll file whatever you want." For example, a faked lien release
from a bank or mortgage company indicating that the debt against a property has
been paid and that there is no further lien against the house.

That, in turn, opens the door for criminals to load large amounts of new
mortgage debt against the property with fake identities, or even to sell it for
cash. Other scam artists have begun hijacking the identities of law-abiding
professionals -- appraisers, in particular -- and then submitting bloated
valuations designed to squeeze higher mortgages out of lenders.

One bank flagged an appraiser on nine inflated valuations in its portfolio,
according to Sharick. But even though the letterhead and documentation were
identical to the appraiser's, he had not performed any of the appraisals. It
appeared that the scammers had scammed him as well as the bank.

Kenneth R. Harney's e-mail address is KenHarney@earthlink.net

LOAD-DATE: August 30, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Prince George's County

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             960 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                          Berkeley Voice (California)

                      March 29, 2002 Friday FINAL EDITION

CHEF SIGNS BOND FOR SON ACCUSED OF FRAUD

BYLINE: STAFF AND WIRE REPORTS

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A02

LENGTH: 581 words

DATELINE: SAN FRANCISCO


SAN FRANCISCO - Bay Area chef and food critic Narsai David appeared in federal
court in San Francisco on Monday to sign a $750,000 bond for his 36-year-old
son, who is accused of fraud and money laundering in an alleged pay phone scam.

David spoke only briefly during the court session, telling U.S. Magistrate
Joseph Spero that he understood he could forfeit the $750,000 if his son
violates the terms of pretrial release.

Outside of court, David said, "We're really concerned, my wife and I. We look
forward getting this resolved as quickly as possible."

The celebrity gourmet's son, Daniel David of Berkeley, was indicted earlier this
month on charges of conspiracy, mail fraud, money laundering and filing a false
income tax return.

Another Berkeley resident, Scott Nisbet, 38, was also indicted on the conspiracy
and fraud charges.

The two men are accused of fraudulently collecting $444,000 in long-distance
fees in 1999 from pay phone lines they allegedly leased and programmed to make
thousands of toll-free 800 calls.

Daniel Davis also posted the deed to property he owns in Kensington as partial
surety for the bond.

Nisbet's father, retired AC Transit general manager and attorney Robert Nisbet,
signed a similar $750,000 bond for his son.

Both men have pleaded not guilty to the charges.

Daniel David's lawyer, Richard Hove, said outside of court that the defense will
show that the defendants did nothing illegal.

The attorney said, "We'll come back to show that the conduct of Daniel David and
Scott Nisbet was entirely legitimate and done for lawful purposes."

Man shot in head during street fight

A 25-year-old San Pablo man, Raymond Smith, was shot in the head and critically
injured Saturday night at McGee and Russell streets in Berkeley.

Investigators are still searching for the assailant.

Around 11:30 p.m., police responded to reports of a fight in the area. "As they
were arriving, a citizen reported that one of the combatants had been shot,"
said Berkeley Lt. Cynthia Harris.

Police are questioning as many as five other people who may have witnessed the
incident, according to a report. "Given that, somebody knows who (the gunman)
is," said Harris.

The victim was transported to Highland Hospital in Oakland, where he was listed
in critical condition several days later.

Solicitor seeks cash for fake program

A man posing as a fund-raiser for a nonexistent Berkeley High School program has
been going door to door trying to collect donations, according to school
co-principal Laura Leventer.

The school sent out a warning about the man, who reportedly has approached
residents to raise money for a tutoring program he calls "Basic."

"I have been told by two different parents that this man is using my name, as
principal, and saying that I know all about his program and support it," said
Leventer. "I couldn't tell you whether this program is legitimate as a tutorial
service, but this program is not affiliated with BHS or me in any way."

Leventer said she thinks the same man showed up at her doorstep two years ago
with a flier referring to the phony high school service. "I was suspicious and
told him I needed to look into it," she said.

He has since returned, she said, "and verbally abused my husband when he tried
to explain why we don't give money to solicitors."

Leventer is advising parents not to give money to anyone who goes to their door
without looking into the program first.

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2002 Contra Costa Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             961 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                          November 14, 2007 Wednesday

Big case of fraud crushes lender

BYLINE: By Lesley Mitchell The Salt Lake Tribune

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 928 words


Utah regulators have shut down Champion Mortgage in Sandy and revoked the
licenses of five employees, alleging that they doctored loan applications.

"It isn't unusual for a company to have one 'rogue' loan officer, but we rarely
we a company with so many loan officers involved in fraud," said Derek Miller,
director of the Utah Division of Real Estate. "From that perspective, it's one
of the worst cases of mortgage fraud we've seen."

The state revoked the licenses of five loan officers at Champion: Phillip Rowson
of Riverton, Leo Kanell II of Salt Lake City, Eric C. Larsen of Sandy, Shawn
Roach of Draper and Carlos Lira of Riverton.

Of the five, only Lira returned a call Tuesday offering comments. He said he
considered the investigation a "witch hunt" and denied any wrongdoing.

The state, which took administrative actions, would not say whether the cases
would be forwarded to state or federal prosecutors for possible criminal
charges.

Utah is ranked fifth in the country - behind only Florida, California, Michigan
and Georgia - in loans that show signs of fraud or misrepresentation, according
to the Mortgage Asset Research Institute, which tracks such data.

Utah's fraud rate is nearly one-fourth higher than what would be expected based
on the state's population and volume of mortgages being made.

No one is sure why Utah has such a high rate of mortgage fraud, although some
have speculated that high debt loads, the added expenses of Utah's large
families and what some consider to be a trusting population could all be
factors.

In the case of Champion Mortgage, Miller said Rowson was principal lending
manager, a state-licensed position responsible for overseeing the actions of the
loan officers working there.

Rowson has been ordered to pay a $20,000 fine for admitting he employed
unlicensed individuals to originate mortgage loans, according to the state
order. He also admitted to being aware of several instances in which loans were
fraudulently approved with fake documents or false information, and that in one
instance he verified false employment and income information for a co-worker's
brother who was trying to get a home loan.

In actions taken against his staff:

* Kanell II was ordered to pay a $20,000 fine for admitting he submitted a
fraudulent document in support of a loan application and temporarily adding loan
applicants to bank accounts to inflate their assets.

He also admitted to submitting false employment and income information on a loan
application and indicating that some properties were to be "owner-occupied,"
when in fact they were being purchased as investments. Borrowers who seek money
to purchase a property they plan to occupy often pay lower mortgage rates and
have to put down less money than those who are buying a home as an investment.
Kanell II also admitted to misrepresenting his own income on a personal loan
application, according to the state order.

* Larsen was ordered to pay a $30,000 fine for admitting that he submitted
fraudulent employment and inflated income information on a mortgage loan
application, according to the order. He also admitted to providing his
assistant's cell phone number as a person who could verify a borrower's income
and that he altered an applicant's credit report.

* Roach was ordered to pay a $15,000 fine for admitting he submitted a loan
application on behalf of a co-worker with false information, according to the
order. He also admitted to doctoring numerous documents used to support loan
applications.

* Lira, who the order said neither confirmed nor denied the allegations against
him, was ordered to pay a $2,500 fine. State officials allege that he submitted
false loan data, including an income statement claiming than an applicant earned
$12,000 per month. Investigators confirmed he made only half that amount.

Lira said Tuesday he did not inflate that borrower's income. He contends that he
was "strong-armed" into accepting the revocation of his license and the fine.

"I did not admit to any wrongdoing. It's either you have money saved up to pay
for a good lawyer or you're going to lose your license."

The state order said investigators found a fraudulent employment letter
submitted in conjunction with one of the loan applications submitted by Lira.

Lira said he did not alter that employment letter and noted that at least six
other people had access to the letter and could have altered it. Additionally,
Lira said the loan never closed because the borrower canceled the loan request.

lesley@sltrib.com

Additional actions

The Utah Division of Real Estate revoked the licenses of three other individuals
in the mortgage lending business:

* Tigh Gunderson of Envision Lending in Salt Lake City lost his license after
admitting that he submitted false information on loan applications and sent an
e-mail asking a company manager to falsely state that his employee had worked
for the company since 2004.

* Jaime Solarte lost his license after pleading guilty in U.S. District Court to
charges of conspiracy to launder money and conspiracy to structure money
transactions.

* Joshua Brown of New Concept Mortgage lost his license after state officials
said they found false verification of employment, income statement and
employment history in Brown's loan application to refinance his home. Brown said
he did not sign the loan documents and was unaware of the false information but
agreed to surrender his mortgage license. According to a state order, Brown's
loan officer was his brother-in-law, Eric C. Larsen of Champion Mortgage, whose
license also has been revoked.

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             962 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 13, 2016 Saturday

IRS Employee Sentenced to Nine Years and Two Months in Prison for Leading $1
Million ID Theft Tax Fraud Scheme

LENGTH: 961  words

DATELINE: New York



 Office for the United States Attorneys,Northern District of Alabama has issued
the following news release:



  A federal judge today sentenced an IRS employee to nine years and two months
in prison for using her access to taxpayer information to lead a complex,
multi-year, $1 million stolen identity refund scheme involving hundreds of
victims, announced U.S. Attorney Joyce White Vance, IRS Criminal Investigation,
St. Louis Field Office, Special Agent in Charge Karl A. Stiften, and Treasury
Inspector General for Tax Administration, Mid-States Field Division, Special
Agent in Charge Ruben Florez.





 NAKEISHA HALL, 40, pleaded guilty in February to theft of government funds,
aggravated identity theft, unauthorized access to a protected computer and
conspiracy to commit bank fraud and mail fraud affecting a financial
institution. Chief U.S. District Judge Karon O. Bowdre sentenced Hall to nine
years and two months in prison on the charges, ordered her to pay $438,187 in
restitution to the Internal Revenue Service, and to forfeit the same amount to
the U.S. government as proceeds of criminal activity. Bowdre's sentence was
based in large part on Hall's role in the extensive scheme and the fact that she
abused her position of trust as an IRS employee to commit it.



 Hall is the daughter of a long time IRS employee and began working for the IRS
in 2000. Hall worked in the IRS Taxpayer Advocate Service office in Birmingham
from July 2007 to November 2011. After November 2011, she worked in TAS offices
in Omaha, Neb., New Orleans, La., and Salt Lake City, Utah. TAS is responsible
for assisting taxpayers who are having difficulties with the IRS. TAS works with
victims of identity theft and assists them in removing fraudulent tax
information from their accounts and in filing corrected tax returns, if
necessary.



 "This defendant abused her position of trust as an IRS employee, using her
access to compromise taxpayers' identities to attempt to steal more than $1
million from the agency. She successfully claimed more than $400,000 in
fraudulent tax refunds," Vance said. "Hall victimized United States taxpayers
and jeopardized the reputation of the IRS and its division that is intended to
assist taxpayers experiencing problems resulting from identity theft. Today's
sentence reflects the outrageous and serious nature of her crime."



 "Misusing her position with the Internal Revenue Service, Ms. Hall stole the
identities of American taxpayers and filed false tax returns in their names,"
Stiften said. "Today, Ms. Hall is being held accountable for her criminal
actions. Refund fraud and identity theft of this magnitude and with this degree
of dishonesty and deceit, deserves to be punished to the fullest extent of the
law."



 "Violations of federal law, particularly those committed by IRS employees who
are entrusted to protect taxpayers' sensitive information, will not be tolerated
and will be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law," Florez said. "TIGTA
will continue to work closely with the United States Attorney's Office to
identify, investigate and hold those individuals responsible for their illegal
activities."



 Three co-conspirators have pleaded guilty in the case. Lashon Roberson, 36, of
Birmingham, pleaded guilty to conspiracy to commit mail fraud affecting a
financial institution and mail fraud affecting a financial institution. Roberson
worked for many years in the financial services industry. She was sentenced in
July to three years in prison and ordered to pay $119,185 in restitution to the
IRS.



 Jimmie Goodman, 37, of Birmingham, pleaded guilty to conspiracy to commit mail
and bank fraud. Goodman, who had a prior identity-theft conviction, was
sentenced in July to three years and five months in prison and was ordered to
pay $82,802 in restitution to the IRS and to forfeit that amount to the
government.



 Abdulla Coleman, 40, also of Birmingham, pleaded guilty to conspiracy to commit
mail fraud affecting a financial institution and bank fraud. He is scheduled for
sentencing Sept. 14.



 According to court records, Hall led Roberson, Goodman, Coleman and at least
one other conspirator in the scheme operated out of Birmingham between 2008 and
2011 that involved stealing personal identity information from the IRS to create
fraudulent tax returns, and collecting the stolen refunds that were generated.



 The defendants conspired to defraud both the IRS and financial institutions,
and used the U.S. mail to execute the fraud. The multi-year conspiracy was
conducted as follows, according to court records.



 Hall obtained individuals' names, birth dates and Social Security numbers
through unauthorized access to IRS computers. She used the personal identity
information to prepare fraudulent income tax returns and submitted them
electronically to the IRS. Hall requested that the IRS pay the refunds onto
debit cards and directed that the cards be mailed to drop addresses that she
controlled. Hall solicited and received drop addresses from Goodman, Coleman,
Roberson and at least one other person. The co-conspirators also collected the
refund cards from the mail.



 Hall activated the cards by using the stolen personal identity information. She
and her co-conspirators took the money off the debit cards at ATMs or used the
cards for purchases. If the fraudulent returns generated U.S. Treasury checks
rather than the requested debit cards, the group used fraudulent endorsements in
order to cash the checks. Hall compensated Goodman, Coleman, Roberson and the
fifth co-conspirator by giving them a portion of the refund money, or by giving
them refund cards for their own use.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             963 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                            October 6, 2012 Saturday
                              SAT REGIONAL Edition

Business briefs

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 15A

LENGTH: 602 words


COLO. TO GET $1.9 MILLION FROM DEPAKOTE ACCORD

The state of Colorado will receive $1.9 million as part of a multistate, $1.5
billion settlement of alleged off-label marketing and misbranding by Abbott
Laboratories, Colorado Attorney General John Suthers announced Friday.

The settlement was announced in May and involved the drug Depakote.

The U.S. Food and Drug Administration approved Depakote for only three uses.
However, prosecutors alleged that from 1998 through 2008, Abbott promoted
Depakote for unapproved uses.

Springs filter manufacturer acquired. Parker Hannifin Corp. announced Friday
that it has signed an agreement to buy Colorado Springs-based Velcon Filters, a
niche manufacturer of filtration systems.

Velcon manufactures filtration equipment and replacement cartridges for the
aviation, industrial-fuel and industrial-process-filtration markets. Terms were
not disclosed.

Woman sentenced to five years for mortgage-fraud scheme. A 32-year-old Denver
woman was sentenced to five years in federal prison for mail and wire fraud in
connection with a mortgage-fraud scheme, federal prosecutors said Friday.

Vicki Dillard Crowe was also ordered to pay $2.4 million in restitution. She was
indicted in April 2010 and found guilty by a jury in December.

Federal prosecutors said Crowe pocketed close to $1 million during the course of
her scheme, from June 2004 to December 2006.

Conservation group buys leases Cheyenne A land-conservation group has reached a
long-sought agreement with a petroleum company to prevent a controversial
gas-drilling project inside a national forest by buying out a vast area of
federal oil and gas leases in northwest Wyoming.

The Trust for Public Land announced Friday that it plans to pay $8.75 million
for nearly 58,000 acres of leases from Houston-based Plains Exploration and
Production Co. The deal would end PXP's plans to drill 136 gas wells near the
Hoback River headwaters inside Bridger-Teton National Forest.

Landowners file suit over oil spill Bozeman More than a dozen eastern Montana
landowners filed a lawsuit Friday against Exxon Mobil Corp. claiming the company
ignored warnings before a pipeline break that spilled an estimated 1,500 barrels
of crude oil into the Yellowstone River.

The lawsuit from property owners along the scenic waterway claims last year's
spill could have been avoided if Exxon followed the lead of other companies and
shut down its pipeline during severe flooding in July.

Olive Garden dumps slogan, image new york Olive Garden is tossing out its famous
"When You're Here, You're Family" slogan to cater to a more modern lifestyle.

After a 14-year run, the Italian restaurant chain will launch a new ad campaign
Sunday night as it looks to freshen up its image and boost struggling sales. The
new ads will feature brightly lit snapshots of modern life.

Zynga chops forecast. Zynga Inc. tumbled to a record low after the game maker
cut its forecast for full-year bookings, a predictor of sales, citing lower
demand for titles such as "The Ville."

Zynga dropped 12 percent to $2.48 in New York, the lowest closing price since
the company's initial public offering in December.

IPhone workers strike over working conditions. Workers on Foxconn Technology
Group's iPhone 5 production lines in Zhengzhou, China, went on strike Thursday,
according to advocacy group China Labor Watch.

"Three to four thousand" production employees walked off the job after being
made to work through a holiday week and being subject to "overly strict"
product-quality demands without adequate training, the group said in a press
release.

Denver Post staff and wire reports

LOAD-DATE: October 09, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2012 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             964 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

                     July 28, 1988, Thursday, DAILY EDITION

Racketeering charged in insider case

BYLINE: United Press International

SECTION: SECTION 1, NEWS; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 203 words

DATELINE: Chicago,Il


  A former partner in a major law firm has been named in a 70-count securities
fraud indictment, marking the first time the federal government has brought
racketeering charges in an insider trading case.

Alfred Elliott, 44, is charged with wire fraud, securities fraud, racketeering
and income tax evasion, U.S. Attorney Anton Valukas said.

If convicted of the all the charges, Elliott, a former partner in Schiff Hardin
& Waite, could be sentenced to 363 years in prison and fined up to $13.7
million.

Valukas said the racketeering allegation, the first in an insider trading
investigation, is ''an appropriate charge'' designed to bring Elliott an
''enhanced sentence.'' The case ''displays our concern about maintaining
integrity in our markets,'' he said. The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission
and the New York Stock Exchange helped in the investigation. The Schiff Hardin
law firm co-operated fully in the probe, Valukas said.

Elliott is accused of learning of nine separate pending stock acquisitions
involving the law firm's clients, then buying up stock in order to reap large
profits.

Valukas said Elliot reaped more than $687,000 between March, 1984, and April,
1986.




LOAD-DATE: December 9, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: NEWS

                       Copyright 1988 Financial Post Ltd.


                             965 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald Tribune (Florida)

                            December 1, 2009 Tuesday

In major fraud hot spot, agency sets an example

BYLINE: MATTHEW DOIG, Staff Writer

SECTION: A; ARTICLE; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 1302 words


In major fraud hot spot, agency sets an example

If there were any doubts that Miami-Dade's Mortgage Fraud Task Force filled a
need, the cases that poured in upon its creation two years ago erased them.

Real estate agents, mortgage brokers and victims whose fraud complaints had been
met with indifference or confusion in the past found investigators willing and
able to help.

"We found folks that were frustrated hearing, 'We don't take those kinds of
cases,'" said Glenn Theobald, the chief of the task force and chief counsel of
the Miami-Dade Police Department.

Today, Miami is one of the few places in the nation where people who want to
report mortgage fraud have a local office equipped to investigate their
complaint.

The Miami-Dade Police Department has two dozen officers devoted full time to
chasing mortgage fraud. The vast majority of Florida's police departments and
sheriff's offices have few detectives even trained to investigate such cases.

As a result, Theobald and other mortgage fraud experts say, some agencies steer
fraud victims away by telling them their only recourse is to file a lawsuit or
convince the FBI to investigate.

Since at least 2007, Theobald has been on a mission to change that.

A police officer with a law degree, Theobald worked with Miami-Dade County Mayor
Carlos Alvarez to carve out resources and create Miami's fraud task force.

Theobald and Alvarez then recruited politicians and business leaders to their
cause, using the fact that Miami was consistently rated among the nation's worst
real estate fraud hot spots as a cudgel to win support.

"The community demanded it. They demanded us to get involved in this," Theobald
said.

Expanding the program

From the start, the task force was about more than just policing. Among the
group's first initiatives: a plan to reduce property taxes in communities where
mortgage fraud had artificially inflated home values.

Theobald also launched a lobbying effort in Washington to get federal grant
money set aside so local agencies across the nation could train or hire
detectives to crack down on mortgage fraud. Earlier this year, Congress set
aside tens of millions of dollars to do just that.

Unlike many of his peers in law enforcement, Theobald is convinced that the
mortgage fraud problem that contributed to the nation's recession is too big for
the FBI alone. Only local police agencies have enough resources to make a
significant impact, he said.

"You can't allow people to get off without paying some type of price," he said.
"There has to be some type of retribution."

The trick has been getting mid-sized law enforcement agencies to believe that
they, too, can build a successful task force. So far, Theobald said, there is
not a local law enforcement agency in the country that compares with what Miami
has done.

But Miami's task force leaders say their system could work just as well in
Tampa, Fort Myers or even Sarasota. "You can absolutely do it if you make the
commitment," Theobald said.

If Theobald had his way, every law enforcement agency in Florida would have
detectives trained to investigate mortgage fraud. Task forces like Miami's would
spring up all over the state.

And state attorneys would be trained and receptive to prosecuting the cases that
came before them.

The state is still far from such a lofty goal.

This summer, a yearlong Herald-Tribune investigation revealed that most police
agencies in the state were unable or unwilling to investigate cases despite the
fact that mortgage fraud during the real estate boom was one of the largest
white-collar crime sprees in state history.

A newspaper analysis of 18 million real estate sales identified $10 billion in
likely fraud. The review looked for only one type of fraud -- illegal property
flipping in which sale values were artificially inflated so participants could
qualify for oversized bank loans.

Despite clear evidence of fraud and hundreds of complaints forwarded to local
law enforcement agencies through the state Attorney General's fraud hotline,
most cases do not get pursued, according to representatives of the state's
police and sheriff's associations.

Since 2007, Theobald has chipped away at the problem by organizing free training
sessions for investigators and prosecutors across the state.

So far about 400 people have attended the seminars, and a few agencies have
increased their commitment to the problem, Theobald said.

Since its creation, the Miami task force has made more than 175 arrests --
second only to the FBI, Theobald said. The task force has an additional 780 open
investigations.

Task force officials concede that they have much left to do.

"The truth of the matter is, in my heart, I don't think there's enough cops in
the world to get it all," said Nancy Hogan, a Coldwell Banker broker who
volunteers her time and expertise to the task force.

But Theobald believes the example set by the Miami-Dade task force might be the
answer to stopping the next wave of mortgage fraud before it starts.

And the federal government, intrigued by his plan, has flown him around the
country to make his pitch to government officials and real estate industry
groups.

Theobald's plan includes task forces in major metropolitan areas, particularly
those that have been hotbeds for mortgage fraud.

If his five-year, $50 million task force plan is implemented, Theobald believes
the nation will have ensured that rampant mortgage fraud will never again
threaten the country's financial stability.

"It absolutely can be done," he said. "It's not something like a street crime.
This is something that can be solved as a preventative measure."

The Miami model

Theobald said it was in early 2006 that he started hearing suspicious tales
about unfinished condos flipped for big profits and property transactions that
ended in default without a single payment made.

At the time, Florida was safely tucked into its real estate bubble and Theobald
did not find many people who shared his concerns about mortgage fraud.

"At the beginning, yes, it was a tough sell," Theobald said.

A little more than a year later, after the implosion of the real estate market
left behind a collapse in sales, a spike in foreclosures and a rash of mortgage
fraud complaints, Theobald found a much more receptive audience.

Theobald said the key to directing more resources to fight mortgage fraud is
finding a champion to direct the effort. In Miami's case, Theobald won support
from the mayor and from state and federal lawmakers. But a local sheriff or a
state attorney could also organize the effort, he said.

Task force members investigate complaints made by citizens. But they also sift
through land records looking for suspicious deals.

Cases can be completed in as little as a month, but six months to a year is more
typical. In some cases, investigators have posed as real estate agents and
staged stings to shut down fraud rings.

Officer training is crucial given the complicated nature of mortgage fraud. In
addition to standard training, task force leaders recruited real estate
professionals to provide expertise and contacts within the industry.

Hogan, the Coral Gables broker who also is a former member of the Florida Real
Estate Commission, decided to volunteer her time because she was concerned about
how mortgage fraud was impacting her profession and the economy.

"People would come into our office, want to put a deal together. We'd say 'no'
and they'd walk across the street and do the deal," Hogan said. "Because it's my
profession, it's so frustrating to see this happen."

When she expressed her concerns to others on the Real Estate Commission, she
said she was told not to worry.

"The initial response I got was, 'That's just a Miami thing,'" she said. "I knew
that was not the case. I was troubled by the whole thing. I had a gut feeling
that this was going to blow up."

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Capt. Edward Gallagher, of the Miami-Dade Police Department's Economic
Crimes Bureau, walks past one of the condominium buildings in Miami where he has
investigated cases of mortgage fraud. PHOTO:PHOTOS PROVIDED BY JOHN VANBEEKUM
Glenn Theobald, chief counsel of the Miami-Dade Police Department, heads the
Mortgage Fraud Task Force.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             966 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Day (New London, Connecticut)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            January 28, 2014 Tuesday

Straw buyer in mortgage fraud scheme sentenced to 30 months

BYLINE: Karen Florin, The Day, New London, Conn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 367 words


Jan. 28--A Norwich man who received tens of thousands of dollars for serving as
a straw buyer in a mortgage fraud sceme that cost lenders more than $725,000 was
sentenced today in U.S. District Court in Hartford to 30 months of prison
followed by three years of supervised release.

Judge Alvin W. Thompson also ordered Marc Jean, a citizen of Haiti who was
residing in Norwich, to pay restitution in the amount of $688,852.74. On July 9,
2013, Jean pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy to commit bank fraud and
wire fraud.

According to the U.S. Attorney's office, Jean conspired with Syed Babar of New
London and others in a sceme to obtain millions of dollars in residential real
estate loans through the use of sham sales contracts, false loan applications
and fraudulent property appraisals.  The scheme involved nearly 30 properties in
Connecticut, most of which ended up in foreclosure, and resulted in a loss of
more than $4 million to various private lenders and to the Federal Housing
Administration, which insured many of the loans that were fraudulently obtained.

Jean was paid tens of thousands of dollars for acting as a straw buyer of four
properties in New London, New Britain and Meriden.  According to the government,
he accepted deposits into his bank account in order to show that he made more
money than he actually did and that he had cash available for the real estate
transactions.  He provided fictitious documentation and made false statements to
lenders, including that he intended to occupy the properties as his primary
residence, that he earned income from a rental property, that he had provided
cash for the transaction, and that he is a U.S. citizen.

Fifteen individuals have been convicted in connection with this scheme.  Babar
was sentenced in November 2011 to 120 months of imprisonment.

This matter was investigated by the Federal Bureau of Investigation and the U.S.
Department of Housing and Urban Development, Office of Inspector General.  The
case was prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorneys Eric Glover, Susan Wines and
Liam Brennan.

___ (c)2014 The Day (New London, Conn.) Visit The Day (New London, Conn.) at
www.theday.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140128-NL-Straw-buyer-in-mortgage-fraud
-scheme-sentenced-to-30-months-0128-20140128

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NL


                             Copyright 2014 The Day


                             967 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           February 21, 2002 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

U.S. Judge Dismisses Several AccusationsAgainst Health Insurers

BYLINE:  By MILT FREUDENHEIM

SECTION: Section C; Column 1; Business/Financial Desk; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 625 words


A federal judge yesterday dismissed several charges against the nation's largest
health insurance companies, but he said plaintiffs could proceed with
accusations that the insurers had violated federal fraud and pension laws.

Judge Federico Moreno of the United States District Court in Miami ruled that
plaintiffs representing many health plan subscribers could proceed with claims
of fraud under RICO, the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act,
against Aetna, Cigna and United Healthcare. Humana is also a RICO defendant
under a ruling by Judge Moreno last year.

Fraud claims were dropped against two other companies, the Prudential units of
Aetna in California and Virginia, and Health Net, formerly Foundation Health
Systems, in Florida. Aetna remains a defendant in other states, and both Aetna's
Prudential units and Health Net remain defendants in fraud suits filed by
doctors and medical societies.

Judge Moreno is weighing the issues raised in consolidated lawsuits that accuse
the companies of conspiring to deny care and of withholding information about
the business reasons for medical decisions. Roughly 50 lawsuits across the
country have been filed against the managed care companies.

Judge Moreno said plaintiffs in California, Florida, Virginia and New Jersey
were barred from making RICO claims against health insurers because of the
structure of insurance fraud laws in those states. He did not specify the states
in which RICO claims could now proceed, but defense lawyers suggested that
plaintiffs in Texas and Mississippi, and possibly many other states, could still
pursue such cases.

Judge Moreno also said the plaintiffs could proceed with claims that the health
insurers violated the pension law that governs them, the Employee Retirement
Income Security Act, or Erisa. The plaintiffs said the insurers had done so by
interfering with physician-patient relationships.

But the judge dismissed claims that the insurers had violated pension laws by
misrepresenting the "medical necessity" for actions that the plaintiffs argued
were taken for nonmedical financial reasons. While former members of health
plans could still claim violations of pension laws on these grounds, Judge
Moreno said current health plan members could use administrative channels to
appeal decisions on the medical necessity of different treatments.

Spokesmen for both sides said that they were pleased by yesterday's ruling. "We
can now move forward with the core claims," said Stephen Neuwirth, a plaintiffs'
lawyer with the law firm of Boies, Schiller & Flexner.

David Carter, a spokesman for Aetna, said the company regarded the ruling as "a
significant narrowing of the plaintiffs' claims."

Stephanie Kanwitt, an executive vice president of the Association of American
Health Plans, an insurers' trade group, said the ruling had reduced the
plaintiffs' cases to "a shadow of their former self."

Lawyers on both sides said the next important step would be a decision on
whether the lawsuits would be accorded class-action status.

In a ruling on Feb. 13 that lawyers for the defendants said was an important
precedent, the United States Court of Appeals for the 11th Circuit in Atlanta,
which hears appeals in federal cases from Florida, said that plaintiffs in a
case involving fraudulent telephone calls "bear the burden" of proving that each
person was damaged. Insurance company lawyers said in a legal brief filed this
week that the ruling in that case, Sikes v. Teleline Inc., showed that the
plaintiffs in the health insurance cases could not establish a class.

But Mr. Neuwirth said the plaintiffs believed that the Sikes ruling did not
change "existing law that we were relying on" in seeking court approval for a
class action.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2002 The New York Times Company


                             968 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              accountingtoday.com

                               September 29, 2016

Tax Fraud Blotter: Dare to Scheme Big

BYLINE: Jeff Stimpson

SECTION: TAX PRACTICE Vol. 1 No. 1

LENGTH: 1066  words


A roundup of our favorite recent tax fraud cases.

Rochester, N.Y.: Preparer Frank Wilson, 55, of Tonawanda, N.Y., has been
arrested and charged by criminal complaint with preparing fraudulent returns.

Authorities said that according to the complaint, Wilson operated an income tax
prep business and prepared at least 18 false returns claiming total refunds of
at least $90,508. The complaint further states that Wilson's conduct appears to
be related to a much larger, nationwide fraud scheme involving approximately
3,529 false returns that sought a total of approximately $12,361,498 in
fraudulent refunds.

Many of the taxpayers who hired Wilson did not review their returns, did not
know that the defendant had included fraudulent information on their returns and
received no refund from Wilson as result of the fraudulent returns.

The charge carries a maximum three years in prison and a fine of $100,000.

New York: Former preparer Lester Morrison, whopleaded guiltyin 2010 to
orchestrating a large-scale tax fraud, has been banned from working as a federal
income tax return preparer or engaging in any conduct that interferes with the
administration and enforcement of federal tax laws.

Four of Morrison's associates who also had pled guilty to tax fraud have already
been barred from engaging in the prep business.

According to case documents, between 2000 and 2008 Morrison and his associates
orchestrated a tax fraud involving preparation of thousands of false and
fraudulent returns through a prep business in the New York City borough of the
Bronx and in Englewood, N.J. The phony returns sought improper deductions by,
among other things, using stolen IDs of deceased children to claim dependent
deductions and claiming phony business losses for non-existent businesses.

In 2010, Morrison and his four associates pleaded guilty to tax fraud. As of
last April, all been released from prison.

The court's findings include that Morrison was the organizer and leader of the
scheme, caused tax loses to the U.S. of more than $17 million, and lied to the
IRS during the course of the investigation.

El Dorado Hills, Calif.: Local resident Sherry Taggart, 56, has pleaded guilty
to conspiring to file false claims and filing false claims.

According to court documents, Taggart and her co-conspirator, Barbara Antonucci,
an unlicensed preparer, prepared federal returns for clients seeking to maximize
refunds.

In 2008, Antonucci began her scheme, and Taggart joined her after May 2010. The
two conspired to prepare and file hundreds of false claims with the IRS between
June 2012 and March 2014, seeking refunds totaling some $1.4 million.

In total, including the period in which Antonucci operated the scheme by
herself, the IRS issued more than $1.8 million in illegitimate refunds from more
than $2.5 million illegitimate claims filed during the scheme.

On Aug. 19, Antonucci pleaded guilty to conspiracy to file false claims and
filing false claims.

The fraudulent returns that Taggart and Antonucci prepared and caused to be
filed reported false wages and dependents for their clients and, in many cases,
qualified the clients for the Earned Income Credit when the client's true wages
or family situation would have qualified the client for no credit or a lower
credit. Most of the fraudulent returns listed wages associated with
self-employment not documented by a W-2, such as "housekeeper."

The defendants obtained the names, Social Security numbers and other personal
identifying information of minors and falsely listed those minors as dependents
on returns for clients who were unrelated to those minors. Taggart and Antonucci
also filed false claims on their own behalf.

Sentencing for both is in early December. Taggart and Antonucci face a maximum
of up to 10 years in prison and a $250,000 fine for conspiracy to file false
claims. The maximum penalty for filing false claims is up to five years in
prison and a $250,000 fine.

New York: Preparer Eliana Sarmiento, 32, of Passaic, N.J., and formerly with K&S
Tax Solution in the Bronx, has been found guilty of multiple charges in
connection with her participation in schemes to file fraudulent returns to
receive refunds in the form of checks and wire transfers.

Together with her co-workers at K&S, Sarmiento stole more than $19 million in
refunds by submitting false returns using stolen IDs, largely stolen from
residents of Puerto Rico. To date, 14 employees and associates of K&S, in
addition to Sarmiento, have been convicted in connection with this scheme.

According to the allegations in the indictment and trial evidence presented
during trial, since January 2010 Sarmiento obtained stolen IDs in part through
one co-conspirator, based in Puerto Rico, who stole the IDs of patients of a
medical clinic in Ponce. She then obtained EFINs for filing hundreds of returns
under the names and Social Security numbers of the victims of the ID theft.
Sarmiento and other employees of K&S also used the stolen IDs of children as
false dependents on the returns of certain K&S clients.

The IRS has identified $281,348,627 in attempted fraudulent returns and
$19,799,175 in Treasury funds stolen by Sarmiento and her criminal associates.

Sarmiento was found guilty of two counts of theft of public funds, each carrying
a maximum of 10 years in prison; two counts of conspiring to steal public funds,
each carrying a maximum of five years in prison; and two counts of aggravated ID
theft, each carrying a mandatory sentence of two years in prison.

St. Louis: Preparer Asmerom Keleta, former owner of U-City Tax Service, and two
preparers have been charged with filing false returns on behalf of clients,
according to federal prosecutors cited in news reports.

Prosecutors reportedly said that Keleta owned U-City from 2011 to 2013 and
employed two preparers, Miyoshi Lewis and Teklom Paulos. The three allegedly
conspired to prepare and file false returns using unjustified tax credits and
listing false income, then concealed their role by falsifying the name of the
preparer.

They inflated and then took a cut of refunds by taking clients to a nearby
check-cashing business and demanding a share, prosecutors told news outlets.
Keleta, 31, and Lewis, 30, are from St. Louis and Paulos, 36, lives in
Florissant, Mo., prosecutors reportedly said. Each faces one count of conspiracy
and six counts of filing false income tax returns, according to reports.

URL: http://www.accountingtoday.com

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBCPA_NEWS


                        Copyright 2016 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             969 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                    July 10, 2004 Saturday Michigan Edition

Brief Case

BYLINE: STAFF AND WIRE REPORTS

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B10

LENGTH: 558 words


NEW YORK

Day's gain not enough to avert weekly loss

Wall Street rebounded Friday as better-than-expected earnings from General
Electric Co. brought buyers back to the market, but profit warnings from a
number of other companies made for a largely subdued session. The major indexes
suffered their second straight weekly loss.

At the close of trading, the Dow Jones industrial average had gained 41.66, or
0.4 percent, to 10,213.22, after posting declines in four of the last five
sessions.

The broader gauges also closed higher. The Nasdaq composite index added 11.01,
or 0.6 percent, to 1,946.33. The Standard & Poor's 500 index was up 3.70, or 0.3
percent, at 1,112.81.

For the week, the Dow was down 0.7 percent. The S&P shed 1.1 percent and the
Nasdaq fell 3 percent.

NEW YORK

Michael Rigas fraud case ends in mistrial

The fraud case against former Adelphia Communications Corp. operations chief
Michael Rigas ended in a mistrial Friday, with the jury deadlocked on 17 counts
against him.

Jurors were dismissed after telling a federal judge they could not reach a
consensus on 15 counts of securities fraud and two counts of bank fraud. Rigas
was acquitted of conspiracy and wire fraud charges a day earlier.

The mistrial came a day after Rigas' father, 79-year-old Adelphia founder John
Rigas, and his brother, former chief financial officer Timothy Rigas, were
convicted of conspiracy, bank fraud and securities fraud.

NEW YORK

Deliberations begin in trial of Tyco's Belnick

A jury began deliberating the fate of Mark Belnick, Tyco International's former
top lawyer, after hearing the judge's final instructions Friday on charges of
grand larceny, securities fraud and falsifying business records.

Belnick, 57, has been on trial in Manhattan's state Supreme Court for the past
nine weeks, accused of stealing $17 million by accepting an illegal bonus and of
abusing Tyco's loan programs by borrowing nearly $15 million he was not entitled
to.

WASHINGTON

FDA acts on spreading of mad cow disease

Closing loopholes in protections against mad cow disease, the Food and Drug
Administration on Friday banned brains and other cattle parts that could carry
the disease's infectious agent from use in cosmetics and dietary supplements.

The action puts the agency's restrictions in line with those issued by the
Agriculture Department to keep those cattle parts out of meat after the
brain-wasting disease was found in December in a Holstein cow in Washington
state.

The ban affects products made from animals 30 months of age and older, the age
in which the government has said the brain-wasting disease can be found.

SOUTH BEND

Area gas prices end fall; now up a nickel

Area gas prices climbed slightly during the past week, reversing a welcomed
downward trend.

South Bend averaged $1.85 per gallon Friday, up about a nickel from a week ago,
according to AAA travel club's online report.

Indiana registered $1.84, while Michigan reported $1.90 per gallon Friday. The
national average price was $1.89 per gallon, according to AAA.

Retail gasoline prices are likely to increase in the coming weeks due to a climb
in oil prices, according to the Energy Information Association. However, the
agency said it could not predict the timing of the price fluctuations.


LOAD-DATE: July 13, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                 Copyright 2004 South Bend Tribune Corporation


                             970 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  June 7, 1997, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

Teamster Vote Under a Cloud In a Fraud Case

BYLINE: By STEVEN GREENHOUSE

SECTION: Section 1; Page 1; Column 5; National Desk

LENGTH: 1106 words


The Federal Government announced yesterday that it was charging a campaign
fund-raiser working for Ronald Carey, the teamsters' president, with mail fraud,
asserting that the fund-raiser masterminded a scheme in which embezzled union
money was contributed to Mr. Carey's re-election campaign in 1996.

The charges are expected to step up pressure on the Federal election monitor to
vacate the close election and order a new one. The charges, filed in Manhattan,
accuse the fund-raiser, Martin Davis, who runs a direct-mail business, of
scheming to have the teamsters' union and other groups illegally funnel at least
$95,000 to the Carey campaign. Federal prosecutors said Mr. Davis had acted in
one instance with the knowledge and urging of teamster headquarters in
Washington.

Mr. Carey was elected in 1991 on a pledge to clean up one of the nation's most
corrupt unions and was re-elected last December after a bitter campaign in which
he asserted that his opponent, James P. Hoffa, son of the legendary teamsters'
president, had close ties to organized crime -- ties that were denied.

A spokesman for Mr. Carey said prosecutors did not cite any wrongdoing by Mr.
Carey, adding that the teamsters' president planned to take appropriate and
decisive action to clean up any wrongdoing uncovered in the Federal
investigation.

According to a criminal complaint unsealed yesterday, Mr. Davis arranged for the
International Brotherhood of Teamsters to pay nearly $100,000 to a Boston-area
telemarketing executive, who in turn asked his wife to contribute $95,000 to the
Carey campaign.

The executive, Michael Ansara, has agreed to plead guilty to conspiracy and
admitted that he used teamsters' money and other improperly received money to
reimburse his wife, Barbara Arnold, for her donations to a Carey group called
Teamsters for a Corruption-Free Union.

Richard Leebove, a spokesman for Mr. Hoffa, said the charges demonstrated that
Mr. Carey's victory was tainted and that Barbara Zack Quindel, the Federal
official overseeing the election, should order a new one.

"This $95,000, which came in late in the campaign, was absolutely essential for
winning the election for Mr. Carey," Mr. Leebove said. "There can no longer be
any justification for delay by the election officer in overturning this election
and removing Ron Carey from office."

Mr. Carey won 52 percent of the vote to Mr. Hoffa's 48 percent.

Mr. Hoffa has asked Ms. Quindel to overturn the election because Federal law
bars union candidates from using any money from their union's treasury in their
campaign. Federal law generally prohibits union candidates from receiving money
from employers or their spouses, and the Hoffa forces say Mr. Ansara qualified
as an employer because he heads a telemarketing company, the Share Group of
Somerville, Mass.

Michael Belzer, a expert on the union and a researcher at the Cornell University
School of Industrial and Labor Relations, said: "My suspicion is this
fund-raising was a rogue operation that fund-raisers sometimes do when things
are not going well. It sounds out of character for Carey, who has spent his
whole lifetime building this clean reputation."

The 1.4-million member union is one of the nation's largest and most politically
potent unions, and represents not only long-haul drivers but also warehouse
workers, parcel delivers and police officers.

Federal officials said it remained unclear whether Ms. Quindel would overturn
the election. Ms. Quindel said Ms. Arnold's $95,000 had helped finance a
last-minute Carey mailing of more than 1 million pieces of campaign literature
-- a mailing that the Hoffa camp said was instrumental to Mr. Carey's victory.
The $95,000 represents about 5 percent of the $2 million that Federal officials
say the Carey forces spent in the campaign.

Asked whether the criminal charges would cause the election to be overturned,
Jeff O'Mara, a spokesman for Ms. Quindel, said, "The election officer does not
comment on pending protest investigations." Her investigation is separate and
independent from that of the United States Attorney's Office in Manhattan, Mr.
O'Mara said.

Mr. Davis, whose direct-mail business, the November Group, is based in
Washington, surrendered to the Federal authorities yesterday and appeared at a
brief arraignment in Manhattan before Federal Magistrate Sharon E. Grubin.

Mr. Davis remained silent in court. His lawyer, David Schertler, said it was Mr.
Davis's intention to plead not guilty. His maximum penalty would be five years
in prison and a $250,000 fine.

Federal officials said they would now seek a formal grand jury indictment,
although they said it was possible that Mr. Davis would instead agree to waive
indictment and cooperate with the authorities.

John Bell, spokesman for the Carey campaign, said, "The complaint against Martin
Davis, which remains allegations provided to a grand jury, does not cite any
wrongdoing or knowledge of wrongdoing by I.B.T. president Ron Carey."

Asked whether Mr. Carey knew of the fund-raising scheme, Matthew Witt, another
spokesman, declined to go beyond the prepared statement.

Prosecutors said Mr. Ansara received $97,175 from the teamsters for a contract
to make 149,500 get-out-the-vote phone calls for last November's Congressional
elections. But the complaint said Mr. Davis -- with the teamster headquarters'
encouragement -- told Mr. Ansara "to lose some of the calls" and use the profits
from the calls not made to reimburse his wife for her donations.

Special Agent Joseph T. Phelan of the Federal Bureau of Investigation said in
the complaint that his investigation found that only 107,578 calls had been
made.

In the charges filed yesterday, prosecutors also said that at the urging of an
individual not named as a defendant, an organization paid Mr. Ansara's company
$75,000 last October for services that Mr. Ansara admitted were never performed.
The complaint said that in or about November, Mr. Ansara asked his wife, who had
already contributed $45,000 to the Carey campaign, to contribute an additional
$50,000. She wrote a check for $50,000 on or about Nov. 27, which was sent to
Mr. Carey's campaign lawyers in New York.

Federal prosecutors said Mr. Davis had arranged a fraudulent contract in which
Mr. Ansara received $11,250 from a printing company for work never performed.
The printing company owed $11,250 to Mr. Davis in commissions for business he
helped the printer obtain.

Mr. Ansara told Special Agent Phelan that he had used money from the teamsters,
from the printing company and from the unnamed organization to reimburse his
wife.


LOAD-DATE: June 7, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Ronald Carey was re-elected the president of the teamsters in
1996 with 52 percent of the vote. (Associated Press)(pg. 25)

                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company


                             971 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 4, 2016 Tuesday

Florida: Preventing Identity Theft and Scams Among SWFL Retirees

LENGTH: 429  words

DATELINE: New York



 Tallahassee: The Bonita Springs Area Chamber of Commerce, The State of Florida
has issued the following news release:



   Preventing Identity Theft and Scams Among SWFL Retirees



 Hodges University's Identity Fraud Institute to host two AARP community forums
in October
 Retirees in Southwest Florida now have the opportunity to learn how to prevent
identity theft and becoming a victim of current scams thanks to Hodges
University and a generous donation from AARP of Florida.





 Hodges University's Identity Fraud Institute will host sessions from 3:00-4:00
p.m. on October 13 in the John White Community Room on the university's Naples
campus, as well as on October 20 in the Kleist Community Room on the Fort Myers
campus. Two additional sessions will be held in November.



 Carrie Kerskie, director of Hodges' Identity Fraud Institute, views the event
as an opportunity to "educate consumers about identity theft and current scams."
In addition, Kerskie encourages retirees living in Southwest Florida to
participate in this event, saying, "The Identity Fraud Institute at Hodges
University believes that education is key in the fight against fraud, scams and
identity theft. By attending this event, you will become better prepared to
detect, prevent and mitigate fraud and identity theft."



 During the hour-long sessions, attendees will hear from a panel of experts
focusing on fraud and identity theft protection. Panelists for the events
include experts from the Collier County Sheriff's Office, Florida Department of
Agriculture & Consumer Services, Hodges University, CPR Tools, Inc., IRS
Criminal Investigation, CyberSecurity Defense Solutions and Vernon Litigation
Group. Jeff Lytle, retired Naples Daily News editorial page editor and TV host,
will serve as the moderator for both events.



 These community forums are free; however, advanced registration is required. To
register, visit https://hu.formstack.com /forms/ifi_public_forums or contact
Carrie Kerskie, director of the Identity Fraud Institute at Hodges University,
at ckerskie@hodges.edu or (239) 598-6281.



 About the Identity Fraud Institute:



 Hodges University 's Identity Fraud Institute is your research and education
partner in the fight against identity theft. Providing services for consumers
and professionals, the Identity Fraud Institute is led by Carrie Kerskie, a
highly sought-after speaker, trainer, author and consultant on the topics of
identity theft, fraud and data privacy.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             972 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 5, 2013 Thursday

Hawaii: Two Romanian Nationals Sentenced to Prison for Scheme to Steal Payment
Card Data

LENGTH: 516  words

DATELINE: Honolulu


Department of Justice, The State of Hawaii has issued the following news
release:

Adrian-Tiberiu Oprea, 29, of Constanta, Romania, and Iulian Dolan, 28, of
Craiova, Romania, were sentenced today to serve 15 years and seven years in
prison, respectively, for participating in an international, multimillion-dollar
scheme to remotely hack into and steal payment card data from hundreds of U.S.
merchants' computers, announced Acting Assistant Attorney General Mythili Raman
of the Justice Department's Criminal Division; U.S. Attorney John P. Kacavas of
the District of New Hampshire; and Holly Fraumeni, Resident Agent in Charge of
the U.S. Secret Service, Manchester, N.H., Resident Office.

On May 7, 2013, Oprea, who was extradited to the United States from Romania,
pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy to commit computer fraud, one count of
conspiracy to commit wire fraud and two counts of conspiracy to commit access
device fraud.  On Sept. 17, 2012, Dolan pleaded guilty to one count of
conspiracy to commit computer fraud and two counts of conspiracy to commit
access device fraud.

Court documents state that, from approximately 2009 to 2011, Oprea conspired
with Dolan and Cezar Butu, 27, of Ploiesti, Romania, to hack into hundreds of
computers located in the United States to steal credit, debit and payment
account numbers and associated data (collectively "payment card data") that
belonged to U.S. cardholders.

According to court documents, Oprea and Dolan remotely hacked into hundreds of
U.S. merchants' point-of-sale (POS) or "check out" computer systems, where
customers' payment card data was electronically stored.  Specifically, Oprea,
who was the leader of the scheme, and Dolan, who was his trusted aide, first
used the Internet to identify U.S.-based vulnerable POS systems.  After
identifying a vulnerable system, Oprea and Dolan would gain access and install
software programs called "keystroke loggers" (or "sniffers") onto the POS
systems.  These programs would record, and then store, all of the data that was
keyed into or swiped through the merchants' POS systems, including customers'
payment card data.

Oprea and Dolan retrieved the card data and then electronically transferred it
to various electronic storage locations ("dump sites") that Oprea had set up.
Oprea later attempted to use the stolen payment card data to make unauthorized
charges on, or transfers of funds from, the accounts.  He also attempted to
transfer the stolen payment card data to other co-conspirators for them to use
in a similar manner.  During the course of the conspiracies, the co-conspirators
hacked into several hundred U.S. merchants' POS systems, including 250 Subway
restaurant franchises, and stole payment card data belonging to more than
100,000 U.S. cardholders.  Their criminal conduct caused losses of at least
$17.5 million in unauthorized charges and remediation expenses.

The case was investigated by the U.S. Secret Service, with assistance from the
New Hampshire State Police and Romanian authorities.

For further information please visit: http://www.justice.gov/

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             973 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 4, 2013 Wednesday

Hawaii: Two Romanian Nationals Sentenced to Prison for Scheme to Steal Payment
Card Data

LENGTH: 516  words

DATELINE: Honolulu


Department of Justice, The State of Hawaii has issued the following news
release:

Adrian-Tiberiu Oprea, 29, of Constanta, Romania, and Iulian Dolan, 28, of
Craiova, Romania, were sentenced today to serve 15 years and seven years in
prison, respectively, for participating in an international, multimillion-dollar
scheme to remotely hack into and steal payment card data from hundreds of U.S.
merchants' computers, announced Acting Assistant Attorney General Mythili Raman
of the Justice Department's Criminal Division; U.S. Attorney John P. Kacavas of
the District of New Hampshire; and Holly Fraumeni, Resident Agent in Charge of
the U.S. Secret Service, Manchester, N.H., Resident Office.

On May 7, 2013, Oprea, who was extradited to the United States from Romania,
pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy to commit computer fraud, one count of
conspiracy to commit wire fraud and two counts of conspiracy to commit access
device fraud.  On Sept. 17, 2012, Dolan pleaded guilty to one count of
conspiracy to commit computer fraud and two counts of conspiracy to commit
access device fraud.

Court documents state that, from approximately 2009 to 2011, Oprea conspired
with Dolan and Cezar Butu, 27, of Ploiesti, Romania, to hack into hundreds of
computers located in the United States to steal credit, debit and payment
account numbers and associated data (collectively "payment card data") that
belonged to U.S. cardholders.

According to court documents, Oprea and Dolan remotely hacked into hundreds of
U.S. merchants' point-of-sale (POS) or "check out" computer systems, where
customers' payment card data was electronically stored.  Specifically, Oprea,
who was the leader of the scheme, and Dolan, who was his trusted aide, first
used the Internet to identify U.S.-based vulnerable POS systems.  After
identifying a vulnerable system, Oprea and Dolan would gain access and install
software programs called "keystroke loggers" (or "sniffers") onto the POS
systems.  These programs would record, and then store, all of the data that was
keyed into or swiped through the merchants' POS systems, including customers'
payment card data.

Oprea and Dolan retrieved the card data and then electronically transferred it
to various electronic storage locations ("dump sites") that Oprea had set up.
Oprea later attempted to use the stolen payment card data to make unauthorized
charges on, or transfers of funds from, the accounts.  He also attempted to
transfer the stolen payment card data to other co-conspirators for them to use
in a similar manner.  During the course of the conspiracies, the co-conspirators
hacked into several hundred U.S. merchants' POS systems, including 250 Subway
restaurant franchises, and stole payment card data belonging to more than
100,000 U.S. cardholders.  Their criminal conduct caused losses of at least
$17.5 million in unauthorized charges and remediation expenses.

The case was investigated by the U.S. Secret Service, with assistance from the
New Hampshire State Police and Romanian authorities.

For further information please visit: http://www.justice.gov/

LOAD-DATE: September 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             974 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Chico Enterprise-Record (California)

                             June 12, 2012 Tuesday

Letter: Speaking of voter fraud ...

BYLINE: Chico Enterprise-Record

SECTION: LETTERS TO THE EDITOR

LENGTH: 278 words


George Hoag has excellent writing skills. He can put together words and make
them sound good no matter how exaggerated.

His latest brings up the red herring of "voter fraud." He must be unaware of the
Bush administration Justice Department's Ballot Access and Voting Integrity
Initiative, which, as Alberto Gonzales put it, "made enforcement of election
fraud and corruption offenses a top priority."

They only prosecuted 38 people between October 2002 and September 2005,
resulting in 11 guilty pleas, and 13 convictions. Likewise, when Wisconsin's
attorney general, Republican J.B. Van Hollen, investigated the 2008 accusations
of voter fraud he found 19 cases of voter fraud out of 2,983,417 votes cast.

The real issue we should be investigating is allowing proprietary computer
software owned by private corporations to count our votes. Computer scientists
from the University of California were asked by the California Secretary of
State to evaluate the Diebold systems in California and their report said things
like "configuration discrepancies, and uncertified components, and unapproved
and largely disabled security settings, raising serious questions about the
voting system's accuracy, security, and reliability."

Or more partisan activity like found in the King Lincoln Bronzeville v.
Blackwell lawsuit in Ohio which appears to have uncovered, through sworn
depositions and discovery, the transfer of Ohio's vote to a server site in
Chattanooga, Tenn., owned by SmarTech. Haven't heard this? Project Censored
named the outsourcing of Ohio's 2004 election votes to SmarTech in Chattanooga
as one of the most censored stories in the world.

Paul Ellcessor, Durham

LOAD-DATE: June 12, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2012 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             975 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                  The State Journal-Register (Springfield, IL)

                           September 30, 2005 Friday

Illinois No. 3 in mortgage fraud;
FBI rating based on cases per person

BYLINE: LISA KERNEK STAFF WRITER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1082 words


An FBI analysis ranks Illinois No. 3 among the nation's top 10 "hot spots" for
mortgage fraud.

"Rapidly rising house prices leave an area open to incidences of mortgage fraud
," FBI supervisory special agent Stephen Kodak said in an e-mail when asked
about the ranking. Oakbrook broker Terry Bivins noted that prices have risen at
a more moderate rate in the Chicago area than in markets such as California or
Florida.

"Illinois just does a lot of mortgages because of the Chicago metro area," said
Bivins, who is president of the Illinois Association of Mortgage Brokers.

"Mortgage fraud is a huge industry," he added.

According to the FBI Financial Crimes Report, released in May, mortgage fraud
"is pervasive and growing."

Illinois' No. 3 ranking is based on the number of cases per person. The state
ranks No. 2 based solely on the number of active FBI cases of mortgage fraud.

Also in the FBI's list of hot spots were Michigan, Missouri, California, Nevada,
Utah, Colorado, Florida, Georgia and South Carolina.

A state was placed on the top-10 list based on the numbers of problem mortgages,
complaints to lenders and complaints to FBI field offices, said Stephen Kodak of
the FBI's Washington office.

In Springfield, the FBI and U.S. attorney's office have uncovered two mortgage
fraud schemes involving hundreds of central Illinois properties.

"These schemes often prey on people who are first-time homebuyers, people who
are relatively unsophisticated in the real estate business," said
Springfield-based U.S. Attorney Jan Miller.

"Oftentimes these folks are too trusting, and they accept statements from people
in the real estate business that this is how it's done."

Among the victims of such schemes are Stanley and Laura Painter of Springfield.
In 1997, the couple bought a house from Central Illinois Real Estate Inc. of
Springfield for a purported price of $66,000 - without knowing that Central
Illinois Real Estate had bought the same house on the same day for $30,000
before selling it to the Painters.

The owners of Central Illinois Real Estate - Randolph McAfee of Springfield and
Darrin Shipley of Peoria - have since pleaded guilty in federal court to a
mortgage scheme involving about 100 properties in Springfield, Decatur and
Peoria.

The men admitted concocting documents that persuaded banks to provide buyers
with mortgages that were worth substantially more than the two had paid for the
properties and then pocketing some of the loan proceeds. The Painters
unwittingly took out a $49,500 mortgage for their $30,000 house.

In August, McAfee and Shipley were sentenced to 20 months in federal prison and
ordered to pay $1.13 million in restitution to four lenders.

The Painters, however, couldn't keep up with repair bills, mortgage payments and
property taxes. They also couldn't sell their house without taking a big loss.
The mortgage company foreclosed, and their house was sold to a bank in August
2003.

"It put us so far in the hole," Stanley Painter said Thursday, adding that he is
getting ready to go to court to file for bankruptcy. He estimates his family
paid more than $36,000 on the house they lost.

Painter thinks McAfee and Shipley got off too easily.

"I think they should have to pay everybody back," he said.

A federal grand jury in Springfield indicted two men in July and a third man in
August in a separate real estate case.

The three are accused of running a real estate "flipping" scheme involving more
than 150 properties in Springfield and Decatur. Charged were Gary Knox of
Decatur, Frank "Kelly" Ciota of Riverton and appraiser Dennis Wiese Jr. of
Belleville. A pretrial hearing is scheduled for Jan. 20.

The scheme allegedly yielded more than $8 million.

Wiese is accused of preparing inflated appraisals that were used to buy
distressed rental houses. The houses were then quickly sold, or flipped, at
inflated prices.

Mortgage companies issued loans worth far more than the properties, and many of
the loans went bad. The resulting foreclosures forced some property owners into
bankruptcy.

State regulators this year revoked Wiese's license to appraise real estate. They
also are seeking fines from Knox for allegedly selling real estate without a
license.

Miller encouraged victims of mortgage fraud to report cases to the FBI or his
office.

"The mortgage lenders who are victims, the banks who are victims, need to be
made aware that we are interested in prosecuting these crimes," Miller said.

Buyers and sellers also should come forward, he said.

"It's important that these crimes be reported, because they can, over time, have
a devastating impact on a particular neighborhood," he said.

The FBI's Financial Crimes report found that 80 percent of all mortgage fraud
losses involve collusion by industry insiders.

The report identified rising mortgage fraud trends, including:

* Property flipping: Property is purchased, falsely appraised and quickly sold.
Property flipping is illegal because the appraisal information is fraudulent.
Kickbacks to buyers, investors, brokers, appraisers or title company employees
are common in this scheme.

* Mortgage-related identity theft: A stolen identity may be used on a loan
application without the true person's knowledge.

* Equity skimming: An investor may use false documents to obtain a mortgage loan
in a straw buyer's name. At the closing, the straw buyer signs the property over
to the investor. The investor then withholds mortgage payments and rents the
property until the lender forecloses.

However, Bivins said "there's a lot going on that's very positive to clean up
the industry."

He said his group, the Illinois Association of Mortgage Brokers, lobbied for
legislation that now requires loan officers to register with the state
Department of Financial and Professional Regulation.

Since fall 2004, all loan originators have had to undergo credit checks and
criminal background checks and must pass testing.

"We are hopeful that this system is going to eliminate some of those people who
are less than ideal candidates when it comes to trust," Bivins said.

Dean Martinez, acting secretary of the Department of Financial and Professional
Regulation, said his agency runs a financial literacy program and sends
representatives to communities around the state to educate potential homebuyers.

"The homebuying experience is a very daunting and confusing time period in one's
life," Martinez said.

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: LOCAL

                   Copyright 2005 The State Journal-Register


                             976 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  May 20, 1993, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

Bank Fraud Guilty Plea

BYLINE: Reuters

SECTION: Section D; Page 6; Column 6; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 135 words

DATELINE: LOS ANGELES, May 19


A former Republic Bank president has admitted that he defrauded the bank and Los
Angeles area investors of nearly $5 million, the United States Attorney's office
said today.

John O'Donnell, who is also a former official of the Federal Deposit Insurance
Corporation, pleaded guilty on Tuesday to 18 counts of bank fraud, securities
fraud, wire fraud and money laundering, said John Libby, the assistant United
States attorney for Los Angeles.

Mr. O'Donnell faces up to 155 years in Federal prison and $7.5 million in fines
when he is sentenced on July 26. The bank fraud charges stemmed from about
$550,000 in unsecured loans that Mr. O'Donnell obtained from Republic Bank
between 1986 and May 1990, while he was president. The bank is a subsidiary of
American Republic Bancorp of Torrance, Calif.

LOAD-DATE: May 20, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1993 The New York Times Company


                             977 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                           August 29, 2012 Wednesday

New England in Brief

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 541 words


Wednesday August 29, 2012

N.H. man sentenced in foreclosure fraud case

CONCORD, N.H. (AP) -- A New Hampshire man will remain on probation for two years
for initially lying to federal agents about his role in a mortgage fraud scheme
targeting financially distressed homeowners.

Fifty-four-year-old Robert Hayden of Lyndeborough was also ordered to pay a
$5,000 fine.

Hayden, a former insurance agent, wrote insurance policies to back the
refinancing of homes in a scheme prosecutors say was orchestrated by former
Nashua Business International president Michael Prieto.

Assistant U.S. Attorney William Morse said in court Tuesday there is no evidence
that Hayden knew Prieto was rewriting mortgages at higher principles and
pocketing hundreds of thousands of dollars in equity.

Hayden has agreed to testify against Prieto, who is scheduled to go on trial in
November.

Mass. Dem. chairman to GOP: Let's debate the issues

BOSTON (AP) -- The head of the Massachusetts Democratic Party is challenging his
Republican counterpart to a series of five debates on the parties' competing
platforms.

Democratic chairman John Walsh said he wants the debates to focus on issues like
job creation, middle-class security, Medicare, women's health care and equal
pay.

Walsh made the offer in a letter Tuesday to Massachusetts Republican Party
Chairman Bob Maginn.

Walsh said he envisioned debates in Framingham, Salem, Worcester, Springfield
and New Bedford hosted jointly by both parties.

Massachusetts Republican Party Communications Director Tim Buckley didn't
respond to the offer, but said Walsh's time would be better spent giving anger
management classes to Elizabeth Warren's driver and staff.

That's a reference to a video showing an encounter between a cab driver for
Warren and a Republican campaign "tracker."

2 islands off Conn. coast put up for sale

NEW HAVEN, Conn. (AP) -- A woman who amassed a collection of small islands off
the Connecticut coast is selling two of them.

Christine Svenningsen, a widow of a party-goods magnate, is selling Belden
Island for $3.95 million and Jepson Island for nearly $2 million. They are part
of the Thimble Islands off Branford which have attracted legends and celebrities
for generations.

Svenningsen, an artist who has restored many of the properties, said in 2006
when she owned about 10 islands the properties were like pieces of art that she
puts her brush to. Her real estate agent says she's looking for
preservation-minded buyers.

West Nile virus confirmed in woman visiting Maine

AUGUSTA, Maine (AP) -- The Maine Center for Disease Control and Prevention
Control says West Nile virus has been confirmed in a Pennsylvania resident who
was visiting Maine.

State epidemiologist Dr. Stephen Sears says a federal lab on Tuesday confirmed
West Nile in a Philadelphia woman who developed symptoms while visiting Maine
earlier this month. He says the woman was treated at a Lincoln County hospital
and has since recovered.

Sears says it's believed that the woman contracted the virus before she arrived
in Maine, so she's being counted as a Pennsylvania case instead of Maine case.

So far, there has been no documented case of someone contracting West Nile in
Maine, but mosquitoes bearing the virus have been confirmed in the state.

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2012 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             978 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 9, 2016 Saturday

Hudson County Man Sentenced To Five Years In Prison For Role In $13 Million
Mortgage Fraud Scheme

LENGTH: 499  words

DATELINE: New York



 Office for the United States Attorneys, District of New Jersey has issued the
following news release:



  A Hudson County, New Jersey, man was sentenced today to 60 months in prison
for his role in a $13 million mortgage fraud scam that used phony documents and
"straw buyers" to make illegal profits on overbuilt condos in Wildwood and
Wildwood Crest, New Jersey, U.S. Attorney Paul J. Fishman announced.





 John Leadbeater, 59, of Kearny, New Jersey, previously pleaded guilty before
U.S. District Judge Jerome B. Simandle to a superseding indictment charging him
with conspiracy to commit wire fraud. Judge Simandle imposed the sentence today
in Camden federal court.



 According to documents filed in this case and statements made in court:



 Leadbeater and his conspirators located condominiums overbuilt by financially
distressed developers in Wildwood and Wildwood Crest, New Jersey. They then
recruited "straw buyers" from New Jersey, New York, Ohio, Arkansas, and
California, to purchase those properties. The straw buyers had good credit
scores, but lacked the financial resources to qualify for the mortgage loans.
The conspirators created false documents, including loan applications that
contained fraudulent financial and employment information, to make the straw
buyers appear more credit-worthy and induce the lenders to make the loans.



 Once the loans were approved, Leadbeater and his conspirators created and
signed fraudulent closing documents in order to induce the mortgage lenders to
send the loan proceeds in connection with real estate closings on the
properties. Once the mortgage lenders sent the loan proceeds, Leadbeater and his
conspirators took a portion of the proceeds, having funds wired or checks
deposited into various accounts they controlled. They also distributed a portion
of the proceeds to the other members of the conspiracy for their respective
roles.



 Leadbeater admitted to personally participating in fraudulent activity related
to nine properties in Wildwood and Wildwood Crest.  He admitted causing mortgage
lenders to fund $4,711,557 worth of mortgages based on the bogus loan
applications and closing documents prepared by him and his conspirators.



 In addition to the prison term, Judge Simandle sentenced Leadbeater to five
years of supervised release. A restitution hearing has been set for July 28,
2016.



 U.S. Attorney Fishman credited special agents from the FBI's Atlantic City
Resident Agency, under the direction of Special Agent in Charge Timothy
Gallagher in Newark; and special agents of IRS-Criminal Investigation in Mays
Landing, under the direction of Special Agent in Charge Jonathan D. Larsen in
Newark, for the investigation leading to today's sentencing.



 The government is represented by Assistant U.S. Attorneys Jacqueline M. Carle
and Matthew T. Smith of the U.S. Attorney's Office Criminal Division in Camden.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             979 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                            August 18, 2011 Thursday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

DIDN'T NEED A CRYSTAL BALL TO SEE THIS SCAM. PSYCHIC PREYED ON NAIVE - NEIGHBORS

BYLINE: BY MATT LYSIAK and CHRISTINA BOYLE DAILY NEWS STAFF WRITERS With Scott
Shifrel

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 403 words


A MANHATTAN psychic busted in a $40 million scam preyed on naive tourists who
were all too eager to pony up cash for glimpses of the future, neighbors said
yesterday.

Accused swindler Nancy Marks, a relative of the flamboyant, late gypsy leader
Jimmy Marks, lured customers into her W. 58th St. parlor by promising "psychic
intuition."

Instead, the unwitting journeyers were tricked into handing over piles of money
and valuables in return for nothing more than curse-killing prayers.

The feds arrested the 42-year-old along with nine other family members in New
York and Florida Monday for crimes that spanned 20 years and included
conspiracy, mail fraud, wire fraud and money laundering, prosecutors said.

"She mainly took advantage of tourists who didn't know any better, giving them
palm readings and things like that," said one longtime resident of the swanky,
12-story apartment building, where Marks had her scam parlor on the first floor.

"I have no idea how that translates into $40 million."

The parlor's glass window was shattered yesterday. A small globe, a statue of a
Buddha and a green candle were still inside. A sign outside read: "Laws of
Attraction guided by psychic intuition. Walk-ins welcome."

The gypsy clan duped unknowing or all-fearing people into handing over chunks of
cash and valuables to avoid being haunted or suffering bad luck, authorities
charge.

An indictment against the clan includes 61 counts, each carrying a maximum
penalty of 20 years in prison, The Miami Herald reported.

The Marks clan, of Romanian descent, first achieved notoriety in 1986 when
police raided the Spokane, Wash., home of Jimmy Marks and his father, Grover
Marks, searching for stolen goods.

They found $1.6 million in cash and $160,000 in jewelry, which the men claimed
they were holding for Romanian families that did not trust banks.

Courts later ruled the raids were illegal, and an intense legal battle ensued.

Jimmy Marks, a used car salesman and a colorful character known for his
abundance of hats, jewelry and neckties, claimed to have put a curse on all of
Spokane.

He frequently battled with officials at Spokane City Council meetings.

His legal battles later became the subject of the PBS documentary "American
Gypsy."

The city of Spokane paid the family $1.43 million to settle their civil suit in
1997. Jimmy Marks died 10 years later after suffering a heart attack while at
the dentist.

cboyle@nydailynews.com

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Family of late gypsy leader Jimmy Marks has been busted in psychic
fraud scheme. Photo by Colin Mulvany The Spokesman-Review

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Daily News, L.P.


                             980 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                               May 5, 2014 Monday

Hawaii: Starkist America Samoa Seeks Dismissal Of Class Action Lawsuit

LENGTH: 981  words

DATELINE: Honolulu


Pacific Islands Development, The State of Hawaii has issued the following news
release:

StarKist Inc., has filed a new amended motion to dismiss a lawsuit filed at the
federal court in Oakland, Calif., against the Pittsburgh based company over
allegations of fraud and negligent misrepresentation over the company's canned
tuna products.

The latest action by the tuna cannery giant followed a decision in late March
this year by U.S. District Court Judge Yvonne Gonzalez Rogers, presiding over
the class action suit, which was filed by California resident Patrick Hendricks
seeking monetary damages and injunctive relief on the grounds that four of
StarKist's canned tuna products are under-filled and, thus, substantially
underweight.

The four products at issue are 5-ounce cans of StarKist: Chunk Light Tuna in
Water; Chunk Light Tuna in Vegetable Oil; Solid White Albacore Tuna in Water;
and Solid White Albacore Tuna in Vegetable Oil.

Originally filed early last year, Hendricks accused StarKist in a nine-count
complaint, which included breach of express warranty; breach of Implied warranty
of merchantability; breach of implied warranty of fitness for a particular
purpose; unjust enrichment; negligent misrepresentation; and fraud.

StarKist responded last summer asking the court to dismiss the case on several
grounds including Hendricks' failure to sufficiently plead claims; failure to
plead fraud with particularity; and lack of standing. It also says that the
claim of unjust enrichment does not constitute a claim for relief.

In her order/decision in March, Rogers granted in part and denied in part
StarKist motion to dismiss. She also requested StarKist to file a new amended
motion to dismiss the remaining standing counts that were not dismissed.

FRAUD CLAIM NOT DISMISSED

Perhaps the biggest issue faced by StarKist is the allegation of fraud, which
was not dismissed by the court. (An industry official, who asked not be
identified, told Samoa News early this week that the 'fraud' allegation is a
"very serious one because it affects the cannery's canned tuna products, cited
in the complaint)

In his complaint, Hendricks alleges -- under the fraud claim -- that among other
things, StarKist "misrepresented that its products contained an adequate amount
of tuna for a 5-ounce can and were legal for sale in the United States."

Additionally, the defendant's conduct was false and misleading because "StarKist
Tuna is under-filled and thus substantially underweight, does not contain an
adequate amount of tuna for a 5-ounce can, and is illegal for sale in the United
States."

Further, plaintiff "relied on StarKist's false representations in purchasing the
product" and plaintiff "was induced to pay substantially more for StarKist Tuna
based on these false representations."

StarKist sought to dismiss the fraud claim, arguing that all of the fraud-based
claims, fail to plead the elements of fraud insufficiently, as required by
provision of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure.

Rogers disagrees with StarKist's argument, saying that these "allegations are
sufficient to meet the fraud pleading standard."

PREEMPTIONS

Another major argument for dismissal by StarKist targets the accusation (under
counts: five to seven) dealing with violation of California's "Consumer Legal
Remedies Act", "Unfair Competition Law", and "False Advertising Law".

StarKist argued that "under the primary jurisdiction doctrine, the court should
defer to the Food and Drug Administration, which has unique expertise and
resources suited to resolving the issues presented by Plaintiff's claims, and
which is currently in the process of considering a Citizens Petition addressing
the same issues raised by Plaintiff's claims."

According to StarKist, the "complex [federal] regulation" that provides the sole
basis of the plaintiff's complaint was developed in 1957, at a time when tuna
was customarily packed in three-piece cans rather than in the two-piece cans
used today.

StarKist contends that federal law preempts state statute; but Rogers disagrees,
saying that whether the FDA might eventually change those standards is of no
consequence to a decision on whether the claims here are preempted or otherwise
properly stated.

The Court therefore concludes that StarKist has not established that Plaintiff's
claims should be dismissed based upon preemption, she said, and noted that
"unless and until there is some indication beyond mere speculation that the FDA
may change the regulation, the Court sees no need to defer under the primary
jurisdiction doctrine."

Rogers denied StarKist's request to dismiss counts five to seven.

OTHER COUNTS

Rogers granted StarKist's motion to dismiss "breach of implied warranty of
fitness for a particular purpose" count, but denied to dismiss the counts on
breach of express warranty and breach of implied warrant of merchantability.

On the plaintiff's claim of 'unjust enrichment', Rogers said she agrees with
StarKist that this claim and relief sought is duplicative of plaintiff's
statutory claim under California's Legal Remedies Act and California's Unfair
Competition Law (which is part of the complaint)

As to the claim of negligent misrepresentation and lack of standing, Rogers
denied a dismissal of these counts.

NEW AMENDED MOTION

Late last month, StarKist filed a new 16-page amended motion to dismiss the
charges that were left in the initial complaint and not dismissed by the court.
StarKist denied the allegations and "demanded" a jury trial.

"StarKist denies each and every allegation alleged in the Complaint and further
denies that Plaintiff has suffered any damages by reason of any act, omission,
or conduct on the part of StarKist and further denies that Plaintiff is entitled
to the relief sought in the Complaint, or to any relief at all, from StarKist,"
according to the motion.

For further information please visit: http://pidp.eastwestcenter.org/

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             981 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Press Democrat, Santa Rosa, Calif.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           February 14, 2013 Thursday

Santa Rosa man faces prison after confessing to fraud, money laundering

BYLINE: Lori A. Carter, The Press Democrat, Santa Rosa, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 600 words


Feb. 14--A Santa Rosa man faces a potentially lengthy federal prison sentence
after pleading guilty to wire fraud and money laundering in a case prosecutors
say defrauded a dozen investors up to a total of $7 million.

Douglas Dean Hollingsworth, 64, admitted Wednesday in U.S. District Court in San
Francisco that from June 2007 through October 2012 he defrauded investors of his
businesses, Baytree Investors Inc., and Capsule Partners.

He told investors he had developed a sophisticated computer system that allowed
him to identify market trends and generate substantial profits from trading
activity, U.S. Attorney Melinda Haag said in a written statement Thursday.

In the plea deal, Hollingsworth admitted he didn't trade with investors' money,
but instead spent it on personal expenses including jewelry, Haag said, and to
make promised payments to other investors in a Ponzi scheme.

Hollingsworth's attorney could not be reached Thursday.

The FBI searched his Santa Rosa home in July 2010, leaving with several items of
evidence.

A month later, a federal grand jury indicted Hollingsworth with nine counts of
wire fraud involving a single East Coast victim.

Hollingsworth continued to defraud other investors while out of custody awaiting
prosecution, Haag said.

Additional indictments were issued in August 2012 and December 2012 that alleged
the bilking of 12 victims in all. Ultimately, he was charged with two counts of
mail fraud, 21 counts of wire fraud and four counts of money laundering.

But in San Francisco Wednesday, he agreed to admit guilt to one count of wire
fraud and one count of money laundering. The agreement includes the forfeiture
of $80,000 in bank accounts that were seized in 2010 and restitution of at least
$3 million.

Hollingsworth agreed that as a result of his scheme, he bilked investors of at
least $4 million and as much as $7 million, Haag said.

When the family's house was searched in 2010, neighbors said Hollingsworth and
his wife did not appear to have a lavish lifestyle, although they favored hiring
limousines for travel to airports, birthday parties, trips to San Francisco
Giants games and the like. They said Hollingsworth had between 20 and 30
computers in the house.

Hollingsworth's wife, Rebecca, was not charged in the criminal case, although
she is named in civil lawsuits filed in connection with the fraud.

Hollingsworth's victims were from California, New Jersey, Michigan, Virginia and
Quebec, Canada.

Paul and Kim Danoff of Santa Rosa filed suit against the Hollingsworths in
September 2010 and won a judgment of $890,000, to be paid by May 5, 2015,
according to Sonoma County court documents.

The largest single investor appears to be Appu Kuttan, founder and chairman of a
Virginia-based nonprofit organization called the National Education Foundation,
which provides training and grants to disadvantaged students.

Between mid-2008 and mid-2009, Kuttan gave Hollingsworth $2.35 million,
receiving only two repayments of $10,000 and $264,000, court documents said.

The money laundering charges involved checks of more than $75,000 to Best Buy,
Santa Rosa Dental Care and the now-defunct Earthworks jewelry store.

Sentencing is set for July 17. The maximum prison term for both counts is 30
years(total), but federal sentencing guidelines could result in a lesser
sentence and could include fines and restitution.

You can reach Staff Writer Lori A. Carter at 762-7297 or
lori.carter@pressdemocrat.com

___ (c)2013 The Press Democrat (Santa Rosa, Calif.) Visit The Press Democrat
(Santa Rosa, Calif.) at www.pressdemocrat.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130214-UR-Santa-Rosa-man-faces-prison-after-confessing-to-fraud
-money-laundering-0214-20130214

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UR


                                 Copyright 2013


                             982 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                           November 4, 2009 Wednesday
                                2 Tampa Edition

105 CHARGED IN MORTGAGE FRAUD

BYLINE: KEVIN GRAHAM, Times Staff Writer

SECTION: TAMPA BAY; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 467 words

DATELINE: TAMPA



HIGHLIGHT: Florida is "ground zero" for this type of crime, U.S. Attorney A.
Brian Albritton says.


An intensive, nine-month federal investigation of mortgage fraud that stretched
from Jacksonville to Tampa and Fort Myers has resulted in charges against 105
people, authorities said Tuesday.

U.S. Attorney A. Brian Albritton called Florida ground zero for mortgage fraud
in the nation. He released details of an investigative "surge" in May, saying
the goal was to restore confidence in the real estate market and send a message
that "mortgage fraud won't be tolerated."

"This is by no means the end of vigorous mortgage fraud prosecution in the
Middle District of Florida," Albritton said at a news conference Tuesday, where
he touted the successful effort.

He warned that those who lie on mortgage applications will face stiff penalties,
which could include up to 30 years in prison.

"You will be caught, you will be prosecuted and subject to significant jail
terms," Albritton said.

The U.S. Attorney's Office said the joint investigation with the FBI and other
federal and state agencies involved more than $400 million in loans procured by
fraud on more than 700 properties.

Those charged in the surge range from multiple borrowers to real estate and
title agents, investors and the president and owners of mortgage companies.

Tampa Bay area banks reported $213 million in losses from mortgage fraud in the
last fiscal year, said Tampa FBI Special Agent in Charge Steven Ibison. That
accounts for about 8 percent of the losses nationally due to mortgage fraud, he
said.

"Losses that were once unthinkable are now becoming commonplace," Ibison said.

Albritton required each of his prosecutors to handle a mortgage fraud case, in
addition to their regular workload.

In Tampa, the surge netted 30 defendants, who authorities said caused fraudulent
mortgages that totaled more than $103 million on 313 bay area properties.

The St. Petersburg Times has previously reported on several cases in the Tampa
surge, including charges against former 2nd District Court of Appeal Judge
Thomas E. Stringer Sr. and convicted telemarketing tycoon Peter Porcelli.

Stringer pleaded guilty to lying on a loan application in 2004. He claimed that
none of the money used for the down payment on a home in Hawaii was borrowed,
when in fact he had gotten cash from someone else. He resigned from the bench in
February amid questions about his financial dealings with a stripper. Stringer
has worked out a deal with prosecutors to avoid prison. He's scheduled to be
sentenced next week.

Porcelli of Oldsmar has been indicted on a mail fraud charge involving a
mortgage foreclosure program. He's already serving 13 years in prison for a
credit card scam that victimized tens of thousands of credit-poor consumers
nationwide.

Seven cases among the 105 charged individuals remain sealed, but Albritton said
those should become public soon.

LOAD-DATE: November 4, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2009 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             983 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                April 3, 1984, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition

NIGERIANS SUSPECTED OF LINK TO WIDE PATTERN OF WHITE-COLLAR FRAUD IN U.S.

BYLINE: By WILLIAM E. SCHMIDT

SECTION: Section A; Page 27, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 1518 words

DATELINE: ATLANTA, April 2


For the last several years, loosely organized rings made up mostly of Nigerian
nationals have been suspected of involvement in a widespread pattern of
white-collar criminal fraud by various Federal and local law-enforcement
officials.

The problem has recently come to the attention of law-enforcement officials in
the Southeast with the arrests since last fall of more than 30 Nigerian
nationals in Georgia, Florida and Louisiana on charges of using fraudulently
obtained credit cards to purchase large amounts of retail goods.

Local reports have already evoked protests from representatives of the Nigerian
Government, who say sweeping allegations about organized criminal activity
involving Nigerians are ''reckless and precipitous.''

According to investigators in the Southeast, and in California, Texas and New
York, the frauds often involve identical ways of using counterfeit
identifications, multiple aliases and fake addresses, and have caused losses of
many millions of dollars to banks, credit card companies, retailers and
insurance companies.

Since 1976, scores of Nigerians have been arrested or indicted on various fraud
charges, including fraudulent use of credit cards and bank checks and false
applications for federally guaranteed student loans. Those who have been
convicted are generally subject to deportation.

Official Nigerian Response


Officials say it is difficult to know exactly how many Nigerians have been
arrested, since records are not kept according to nationality.

Representatives of the Nigerian Government acknowledge their nationals are the
target of law-enforcement activities in several parts of the country, but
sharply rebut suggestions of organized criminal activity by Nigerians in this
country.

''I'm not suggesting that all Nigerians are angels,'' said Moses O. Ihonde, the
Nigerian Consul General in Atlanta, ''but Nigerians have been unfairly singled
out and targeted by law- enforcement agencies, and the effect of that has been
to stigmatize our entire country.''

Last week, Mr. Ihonde sent sharply worded letters to Mayor Andrew Young of
Atlanta and Gov. Joe Frank Harris of Georgia protesting a law-enforcement
seminar in Atlanta this month at which suspected organized criminal activity
among Nigerians in the region is to be discussed. He called the workshop
''dangerous, racist, unlawful and blatantly prejudicial to the rights of
Nigerian citizens in this country.''

As of today, neither the Mayor nor the Governor has replied to the protest.

Extent of Frauds Cited


Law-enforcement officials say Nigerians are not the only group of foreign
nationals to come under scrutiny because some element of their population has
been involved in organized criminal activity. But they say the extent and
sophistication of the frauds attributed to Nigerians have forced some
law-enforcement agencies to single them out for special attention.

Some investigators say that an active black market in Nigeria, which pays large
profits on the resale of foreign goods, has fueled the criminal activity here.

Last December President Shehu Shagari of Nigeria was overthrown in a coup led by
an army officer, Maj. Gen. Mohammed Buhari, who vowed to end widespread
corruption in the country.

Verne Jarvis, a spokesman for the Immigration and Naturalization Service, said
about 40,000 Nigerian nationals are legally residing in the United States, the
largest number of African nationals in the country.

He said they also accounted for the largest number of deportations among African
nationals. In 1982, 472 were deported, as against 294 the year before. Most of
those deportations resulted from the use of fraudulent or expired documents, he
said.

Information Exchanged


As a measure of Washington's concern, representatives of the Federal Bureau of
Investigation, the United States postal inspector's office and other Federal
agencies met in New York City last year with banking and retail representatives
to discuss credit card violations by Nigerians.

They discussed intelligence from informers linking the violations to a
nationwide ring directed from Manhattan through a system of regional lieutenants
who tutor thousands of Nigerians and other Africans on loopholes in the United
States credit system.

According to a confidential memorandum sent to other law-enforcement agencies by
United States postal inspectors, the leader of the alleged ring was making up to
$50,000 a month.

The police and Federal agents say they have no way of knowing how many people
are involved in the criminal activity believed to involve Nigerians.  They also
say they do not know exactly how highly organized it is.

Credit Card Fraud


Local and Federal investigators say the most common activity involves the use of
credit cards fraudulently obtained through the use of multiple aliases,
counterfeit identifications and post office boxes.

More recently, Federal agents say, these activities have also come to include
gun smuggling and narcotics trafficking.

The police say the credit cards are used to purchase a large variety of
household goods for shipment to Nigeria where they presumably will be sold on
the black market at much higher prices.

Agents of the United States Customs Service in Baltimore and San Francisco have
seized shipping containers in which there were tens of thousands of dollars
worth of fraudulently obtained goods including new automobiles destined for
Nigeria.

Small Share of Total


Credit card fraud in general has grown sharply in the last three years,
according to industry sources. A spokesman for Visa in California says that,
over all, fraud increased to $95.6 million in 1982 from $66.1 million in 1980.

Banks and credit card companies say they are aware of fraud by Nigerians, as
well as other foreign nationals, but add that such activities make up a
relatively small share of their fraud losses. The industry backs a bill pending
in Congress that would make credit card fraud a Federal crime.

Among the goods customs officials have seized were large numbers of guns. Phil
Orsini of the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms, a Treasury Department
agency, says that except for its dealings with Mexico, the largest part of the
bureau's foreign case load last year involved illegal gunrunning to Nigeria.

Agents say the guns are mostly pistols that sell here for less than $70 apiece
and are resold in Nigeria, where the private ownership of guns is prohibited,
for upward of $2,000.

David Hoover, a spokesman for the Drug Enforcement Administration, called drug
trafficking by Nigerians ''an emerging trend,'' and reported that arrests of
Nigerians on drug trafficking charges grew to 25 in 1983 from only five in 1982.


Common Pattern Seen


Law-enforcement officials say that successful investigations of Nigerians in
various parts of the United States reflect a common pattern.

Steven Simmons, an investigator with the Georgia Bureau of Investigation, says
he has traced links between several Nigerians arrested in Georgia in recent
months for credit card fraud and others in Florida, Louisiana, Illinois, Indiana
and New York.

The connection of Nigerians to white- collar crime was made in 1976, by Irwin
Pentel, who checks the names of people applying for new accounts at 13,000
banking institutions in 41 states. He noticed a pattern that year of fraudulent
activity involving people with African-sounding names.

''Even now no one has even put the whole picture together,'' said Mr. Pentel,
who helped the police in more than a dozen states put together fraud cases
against Nigerian nationals. ''But the fact is, we are looking at a concerted
rape of our financial system.''

Patterns of Convictions

Reports of cases made against Nigerians by local police agencies and Federal
prosecutors seem to offer some confirmation of this view. Among them are
large-scale cases of credit card fraud in Miami, life insurance and credit card
fraud in California, student loan frauds in New York City and Providence, R.I.,
and counterfeiting of birth certificates by Nigerian students in Portland, Ore.

In Dallas, Federal prosecutors indicted 19 Nigerians in 1980 on charges of fraud
involving an estimated $10 million in losses to local banks.

''The scale of fraud was mind-boggling,'' said Dan Guthrie, the former assistant
United States Attorney who successfully prosecuted the cases. ''I've never had
knowledge of anything else as pervasive as this on a nationwide scale that was
going on unprosecuted.''

Like others, Mr. Guthrie complained that no Federal effort had been made to
coordinate information about the activities of Nigerians and other foreign
nationals.

Law-enforcement agencies say successful prosecution is complicated because many
of the perpetrators use multiple aliases and counterfeit identifications.
Further, they say, it often takes weeks before a credit card fraud can be
established, and goods that were obtained fraudulently are often exported before
a case can be prosecuted.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1984 The New York Times Company


                             984 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Charleston Daily Mail (West Virginia)

                           January 6, 2011, Thursday

Couple gets jail time for mail fraud

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P5A

LENGTH: 303 words


A Charleston couple was sentenced in federal court Wednesday for their roles in
a conspiracy to commit mail fraud after stealing retail merchandise valued at
nearly $80,000.

U.S. District Judge Thomas Johnston sentenced Lisa A. Knotts, 33, and her
husband, Ross A. Knotts, 42, to three months each in prison, to be followed by a
three-year term of supervised release, according to a report from the U.S.
Attorney's office. They were also ordered to pay $78,530 in restitution.

In September, the couple pleaded guilty to conspiracy to commit wire fraud after
they were caught selling shoplifted merchandise, such as diabetic test strips,
computer accessories and other expensive retail items.

According to the United States Postal Inspection Service, Lisa and Ross Knotts
took their young children to various Target stores in West Virginia, Ohio,
Kentucky and Indiana and instructed them to help hide the items in their
shopping carts and strollers.

The couple then sold the stolen goods online using Lisa Knotts' eBay account,
and mailed the items to the auction winners.

"This was not an isolated incident. It was not simply to make ends meet," said
U.S. Attorney Booth Goodwin, who is handling the prosecution. "These defendants
traveled interstate, used eBay and the U.S. Mails more than 900 times and used
their children in a significant criminal enterprise."

At Wednesday's sentencing, Johnson characterized the couple's conduct as
"unfortunate and immoral," telling them that their children were equally
victimized by their conduct.

For the safety and security of their children, the judge ruled Lisa and Ross
Knotts were allowed to serve their prison terms separately.

Ross Knotts has been ordered to report to custody on Jan. 17. Lisa Knotts will
be allowed to begin serving her sentence following her husband's release.

LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 Charleston Newspapers


                             985 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                             May 13, 2009 Wednesday
                              Correction Appended

Father, son plead guilty in mortgage scam;
The two admit their roles in a scheme that affected more than 200 properties.

BYLINE: By Lou Grieco Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. A4

LENGTH: 335 words


DAYTON - A father and son have pleaded guilty to federal charges in an extensive
mortgage fraud scheme that affected 210 residential properties, including 205 in
Montgomery County.

Edward McGee, 74, pleaded guilty to conspiracy to commit money laundering.

Kenneth O. McGee, 49, pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy to commit mail
fraud, wire fraud and money laundering, and one count of conspiracy to commit
money laundering.

They appeared before U.S. District Judge Michael A. Barrett on Monday, May 11.

So far, five people have pleaded guilty to charges in the scheme, which
investigators said took place between March 2002 and June 2008. All five are
awaiting sentencing.

In court, both McGees admitted that they were part of the conspiracy that
operated and controlled various mortgage and title insurance-related businesses
and corporations.

Each admitted that he had helped arrange, facilitate and manipulate documents
associated with real estate sales and closings in order to fraudulently obtain
excess mortgage loan proceeds from the sale of residential properties.

Julian M. Hickman, 31, formerly of Centerville and now living in East Cleveland,
pleaded guilty Dec. 15 to conspiracy and tax charges.

Robert Mitchell, 42, of Vandalia, pleaded guilty March 11 to one count of
conspiracy to commit mail fraud, wire fraud and money laundering, and one count
of conspiracy to commit money laundering.

Kamal J. Gregory, 34, of Centerville, pleaded guilty April 14 to one count of
conspiracy to commit mail fraud, wire fraud and money laundering, and one count
of conspiracy to commit money laundering.

Charges are pending against Jessica A. Zbacnik of Monroe.

The conspirators used various business names including Commercial Property
Advisor Group, Diamond Venture Capital Group, Gem City Professional Services,
First Union Appraisals, JMH Real Estate, E&A Investments, E&A Contractors, K M
Investments, Midwest Alliance Commercial, K&M Auto Sales LLC, All-City Title
Agency Inc., Partners Land Title and NETCO.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: May 14, 2009



CORRECTION: In the Wednesday, May 13, edition, Page A4, an article about a
mortgage fraud scheme was missing information. The U.S. Attorney's Office in
Dayton said Wednesday that Partners Land Title and NETCO were not willingly
involved in any wrongdoing in the scam. The defendants who pleaded guilty
Tuesday improperly used the companies in some of their transactions, said Fred
Alverson, spokesman for the U.S. attorney's office.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2009 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             986 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                   April 4, 1999, Sunday, THREE STAR EDITION

INMATES TOOK BANKS FOR $ 500,000 IN SCAM; 20 HAVE BEEN INDICTED

BYLINE: Roy Malone; Of The Post-Dispatch

SECTION: METRO, Pg. E4

LENGTH: 622 words


A bank scam operated by inmates using telephones at the federal prison in
Greenville, Ill., cost several banks more than $ 500,000, according to federal
prosecutors.

While authorities were not aware of it, the scam was broken up by a riot at the
prison in the fall of 1995. The inmates suspected in the fraud were shipped off
to other prisons, but not because of the fraud, which occurred in the summer of
1995.

U.S. Attorney W. Charles Grace announced recently that 20 people in several
states were indicted by a federal grand jury in connection with the case.

Several others have since been charged or have pleaded guilty.

The charges include bank fraud, bank fraud conspiracy, money laundering and wire
fraud.

Those indicted were arraigned last week in federal court in East St. Louis, and
those not already in prison were released on bond.

About 15 inmates were involved, including eight former Greenville inmates.
Ernest J. Hill III, 33, of San Pedro, Calif., is suspected of being the
ringleader.

He has been serving time for bank fraud and is in a federal prison in Terre
Haute, Ind.

After Greenville, he was sent to the federal prisons in Lewisburg, Pa., and
Florence, Colo. Investigations of possible bank fraud are under way at those
prisons.

Grace said Hill and other prisoners used prison telephones to recruit family
members and friends on the outside who had bank accounts in good standing.

They were mostly in Texas, Arizona and California.

The inmates arranged for bogus checks to be mailed for deposit into these
accounts and then directed accomplices and relatives to make withdrawals.

The prisoners told their accomplices how to divide the proceeds, some of which
is thought to have been sent to inmates to deposit in their commissary accounts
in prison.

Robert L. Garrison, an assistant federal prosecutor handling the case, said
local banks that lost money contacted law enforcement authorities, sparking a
three-year FBI investigation.

Garrison said that because the holders of the bank accounts had them for some
time, the deposits were not suspicious to bank personnel and were routinely
entered. The inmates reportedly used the telephones that are set aside for their
use at the Greenville prison to conduct the scheme.

Neil Robinson, a spokesman for the prison, said the policies of the federal
Bureau of Prisons are followed.

Every telephone call is recorded, and some are monitored at random. Inmates
thought to be abusing the telephone privilege are monitored more closely,
Robinson said.

He said prison officials could not comment on the bank fraud case.

Investigators said the banks will probably not be able to recover losses through
their insurance.

Some of the banks that lost substantial amounts are: Magna Bank of Carbondale
(now Union Planters Bank), $ 10,000; First of America Bank in Rockford, Ill., $
64,000; Bank One branches in Austin and Dallas, Tex., $ 78,000; First Interstate
Bank of Tucson, Ariz., $ 26,000; Shawmut Bank of Beverly, Mass., $ 12,000; and
Seafirst Bank in Grandview, Wash., $ 3,100.

Inmate Irvin C. Lemons, 24, of Carbondale, pleaded guilty last month to bank
fraud involving the Carbondale bank.

Two other inmates who recently pleaded guilty are Melvin Jones, 30, of Rockford,
Ill., for defrauding the bank in Rockford, and Clyde Dickerson, 47, of Alton,
who pleaded guilty to defrauding the Shawmut Bank.

Three other inmates indicted and now in other prisons are Daniel Jimenez, 33,
Carlos Lujan, 27, and Fidel Mendez, 30.

Two people still are being sought, including Jesus Bonillas, 42, of Tucson, who
was transferred to the Taft Federal Correctional Institution in California but
escaped recently.

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 1999

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1999 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             987 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                October 31, 1988

Fraud Has Been Widespread

BYLINE: By PAUL MUOLO

SECTION: FSLIC IN CRISIS: A SPECIAL REPORT; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 1126 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


Some three-quarters of all S&L failures can be tied to fraud and mismanagement
-- at least that's what a recent Congressional report released by the House
commerce, consumer and monetary affairs subcommittee says.

Using the subcommittee's estimates, if a bailout of the beleaguered Federal
Savings and Loan Insurance Corp. winds up costing $ 100 billion, then you can
attribute $ 75 billion of that to looting or squandering.

The committee's report conflicts directly with what the Federal Home Loan Bank
Board and thrift trade groups have been saying over the last several years --
that the slumping oil economy in the Southwest has been the chief cause of the
thrift industry's woes.

While it is true that the ailing oil economy has exacerbated the problem, the
criminal indictments filed in Texas over the last 36 months mention nothing
about oil prices.

What's more, the number of criminal investigations into fraud at financial
institutions, especially S&Ls, is growing.

Almost 7,400 cases of alleged financial fraud are pending.  About 2500
investigations involve alleged financial fraud in California, Florida, and
Texas.

Over the last couple of years financial fraud has turned into a growth industry.

The city of Dallas has its own criminal task force dedicated solely to financial
fraud at Dallas-area thrifts.  The task force has indicted four people and
obtained 13 guilty pleas so far, with more indictments imminent.

Sources say the task force will focus first on alleged wrongdoing at Vernon
(Texas) Savings and Loan Association, a thrift which had 96% of its assets
non-earning when it was shut down by Federal regulators.

Another spectacular Dallas-area failure, that of Empire Savings and Loan
Association of Mesquite in 1984, has produced 99 convictions to date.  Seven
said to be principals in the case have been under indictment since 1987, and the
case against them supposedly will go to trial in February.  So-called "land
flips," in which parcels of land are sold back and forth to artificially inflate
their values, were at the heart of the Empire investigations.

In another celebrated thrift fraud case, a witness in the Federal protection
program was convicted for his activities at a New York thrift under his new
identity.

That was Michael Rapp, formerly known as Michael Hellerman.  His conviction was
for activities at Flushing (N.Y.) Federal Savings and Loan Association.

In another case, fraud convictions were obtained in what prosecutors called a
pattern of back scratching loans resembling a variant on a Ponzi scheme among
thrifts in Louisiana, Washington State and Texas.

Convicted were Guy Olano, chairman of Alliance Federal Savings, Kenner, La., and
Raymond Gray, chairman of Home Savings of Burien, Wash.  Two officials of Irving
(Texas) Savings Association were convicted of conspiracy but acquitted of fraud
charges.

Southern California is rumored to be next in line for a financial fraud task
force.  Meanwhile mini-finanical fraud task groups are mushrooming across the
country -- from Maimi to Kansas City down to San Diego.  The only thing holding
down the spread of even more fraud task groups is the lack of Federal money
available.

Pending investigations of possible fraud also give indications of the scope of
the problems facing the industry.

For instance, Phillip B. Schwab, a former wrecking company magnate and
developer, has racked up more than $ 500 million in debts over the last three
years, and about $ 200 million of that is owed to banks and thrifts.

Some of them, like Freedom Savings and Loan Association, Tampa, Fla.; First
Federated Savings Bank, West Palm Beach, Fla., and Concordia Federal Bank for
Savings, Lansing, Ill., are either broke or out of business.

Mr. Schwab's activities, say those familiar with his case, are one reason for
the demise of these and other thrifts.

Mr. Schwab is the subject of criminal investigations in Chicago, New York, and
Tampa.

To date, no criminal indictments have been filed against Mr. Schwab in
connection with his S&L and bank loans, although he is a defendant in numerous
civil actions.

Mr. Schwab's attorneys have maintained that their client is not involved in any
wrongdoing but is just the victim of bad investment advice.

He invested heavily in real estate in Hilton Head, S.C., Florida, and
Pennsylvania.  He also invested in S&Ls and banks.

He is currently on trial for allegedly bribing an Environmental Protection
Agency inspector in Brooklyn.

Leonard Capezzi, a former employee of Mr. Schwab's sees his former boss'
misfortunes this way: "if the banks were stupid enough to lend Phil that much
money, then they deserve what they got."

Federal investigators are probing hundreds, if not thousands, of men like Phil
Schwab.

Last year, for example, a grand jury in Dallas issued 290 subpoenas in
connection with the task force investigation into S&L fraud.

Some of those subpoenaed, such as Dallas real estate developer Thomas Gaubert
have already been indicted -- albeit in another state -- while others, such as
Louisiana businessman Herman K. Beebe, have settled with law enforcement
officials.

Marvin Collins, U.S. Attorney for the Northern District of Texas in Dallas,
notes that the Dallas task force is not probing institutions, per se, but
"individuals."

Mr. Collins, who works closely with the task force, said "the institutional
approach just doesn't work.  These people defrauding S&Ls got around.  They
networked.  In many cases more than one institution is involved."

He noted that Mr. Gaubert, for example, who owned an S&L in Grand Prairie, a
suburb of Dallas, was indicted in Mt. Pleasant, Iowa in connection with an
alleged land flip involving Capitol Savings and Loan Association there.

"This investigation," said Mr. Collins, "is by no means geographically confined.
It spans many borders."

Ed Tomko, the former head of the Dallas Task force, said recently that "many of
the people we are studying have overlapping relationships.  If we separated
these cases there'd be a lot of wasted time."

Mr. Tomko, who left the task force this past summer to take a job in the private
sector, noted that financial fraud is the second major priority of the U.S.
Justice Department.  The first is defense contracting fraud.

As for the reasons behind financial fraud, Justice Department and industry
officials say the motives are varied.

One real estate executive who works for the Federal Savings and Loan Insurance
Corp. in handling foreclosed properites said, "it's a combination of things.
Greed plays a large role, of course.  You could also say that the wrong people
got involved in the industry.  Unscrupulous people, let's say.  People with
flawed characters, and yes, mobsters.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: NTN this week presents a special section on the thrift insurance crisis.

                   Copyright 1988 National Thrift News, Inc.


                             988 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Credit Union Journal

                               November 22, 2010

Justice Dept. Investigating Fraud At CUs

BYLINE: Ed Roberts, Washington Bureau Chief

SECTION: GENERAL NEWS; Pg. 3 Vol. 14 No. 47

LENGTH: 459  words


ALEXANDRIA, Va.-NCUA is working with the U.S. Justice Department on fraud
investigations surrounding as many as a dozen credit union failures since the
start of 2009, as the costs of failures continues to take a growing toll on the
National CU Share Insurance Fund.

A new report issued by the NCUA's Office of the Inspector General identifies at
least nine failures since October 2009 that may be attributed to management
fraud.

'An Awful Lot Of Fraud'

"There's been an awful lot of fraud," said Inspector General William DeSarno,
who suggested that the financial crisis and declining finances at many credit
unions have unearthed some of the malfeasance.

"It seems when times are good these kinds of things get covered over, but when
times get bad sometimes they get uncovered," he said. "When we started doing
these material loss reviews we didn't see so much fraud show up out there. Now
it seems to be more prevalent."

The new report identifies potential fraud at several small CU failures
including: Norbel CU, Lawrence County School Employees FCU; Fairfield County
Federal Employees FCU, Orange County Employees' CU; Alabama Bratcher FCU; Allied
Tube Employees FCU; Certified FCU; Second Baptist Church CU and Mutual
Diversified Employees FCU.

The new report does not include major fraud investigation being conducted on
recent failures of St. Paul Croatian FCU, a Cleveland CU estimated to cost $170
million in losses; Center Valley FCU, projected to cost $8 million; New London
Security FCU $12 million or Huron River Area FCU, some $45 million in NCUSIF
losses.

In investigating fraud NCUA works with attorneys at the Justice Department to
determine whether to launch a civil lawsuit to recover costs, or to file
criminal charges. More than 75 credit unions have failed since the start of the
financial crisis but only a few have resulted in criminal charges. In lesser
cases, NCUA may choose to just bring civil administrative charges resulting in
an individual being barred from CUs and banks

The new report also shows NCUA projections for some of the failures, even absent
of fraud. First American CU in Wisconsin is projected to cost $10 million;
Certified FCU, $9.2 million; California's Kern Central CU, $5.6 million; Norbel
CU, $3.5 million; First Service CU, $3.7 million; tiny Kappa Alpha Psi FCU,
$134,000.

Under previous rules, NCUA was required to conduct a material loss review on
every credit union failure costing the NCUSIF more than $10 million. The first
loss review was conducted on Norlarco CU, the Colorado credit union that was
sunk two years ago by its involvement in a massive Florida real estate
speculation. The recently passed Dodd-Frank Financial Reform Act will increase
the threshold for a material loss review to $25 million.

URL: http://www.cujournal.com/

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter

JOURNAL-CODE: CUJ


                        Copyright 2010 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             989 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Charleston Daily Mail (West Virginia)

                           February 15, 2010, Monday

Our views;
Insurance fraud affects everybody The state's efforts to stop scammers can save
residents a lot of money

BYLINE: Dmedit

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. P4A

LENGTH: 340 words


IN the last year, investigations by the fraud unit of the state Insurance
Commission led to the conviction of 55 people and court orders for almost
$600,000 in restitution.

The unit has seen a steady rise in convictions and indictments since it was
created in 2004.

Each year, more than 800 cases are referred to the unit, which has 49 employees,
including two state troopers.

Vickie Neal, regional director of the National Insurance Crime Bureau, explained
two years ago that insurance fraud doesn't just hurt insurance companies.

"Insurance fraud costs every homeowner in West Virginia $300 per year through
higher premiums," Neal told the State Journal in 2008. "And that's based on just
what has been established to be fraudulent claims."

These are not easy cases to investigate, and it may take over a year to build
the case for an indictment. Criminals can be creative.

One man filed more than 40 insurance claims for deer-vehicle collisions in just
three years. Eventually his deer magnetism landed him in court.

"There are people who make a living at this," Cline told the State Journal.
"Some people say, 'I want a new kitchen,' so they start a kitchen fire and have
the insurance company pay for the repairs.

"A lot of people don't even think of it as fraud. They think, 'Well, I paid my
insurance premium. This is money they owe me.' It doesn't work that way."

Unfortunately, many people have similar misconceptions about insurance
companies, not just in West Virginia but across the country.

That the state went so long without an insurance fraud unit is a shame. However,
Neal said of the six states in her region (Indiana, Kentucky, Michigan, Ohio,
Tennessee and West Virginia), West Virginia seems to have the lowest incidence
rate of insurance fraud, as well as vehicle theft.

"It's still a significant problem when you look at it on a per-capita basis, but
I'd say West Virginia is in the lower realm," Neal said.

An aggressive and successful insurance fraud team can help keep things that way.
West Virginia should be proud of its efforts.

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 Charleston Newspapers


                             990 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Edmonton Journal (Alberta)

                              July 4, 2014 Friday
                                 Early Edition

Mob boss's son convicted of looting company

SECTION: BUSINESS; Briefs; Pg. B2

LENGTH: 231 words

DATELINE: CAMDEN, N.J.


The son of a former Philadelphia mob boss and another reputed mob associate were
convicted Thursday of federal fraud charges for taking over a Texas-based
mortgage company and then plundering its assets to buy homes, luxury cars and
even a yacht.

Nicodemo S. Scarfo, the son of former Philadelphia Mafia leader Nicodemo D.
Scarfo, was convicted of multiple counts including racketeering conspiracy,
conspiracy to commit securities fraud, wire fraud and being a felon in
possession of a gun.

Salvatore Pelullo, who prosecutors said ran the business takeover, was convicted
of racketeering conspiracy, conspiracy to commit securities fraud and related
counts.

The government said Scarfo and his codefendants used threats of harm to take
over the board of publicly held FirstPlus Financial Group, an Irving,
Texas-based mortgage company, and then had FirstPlus buy shell companies they
owned so they could take out the assets. The company is now defunct.

Prosecutors said the conspirators plundered $12 million in less than a year,
buying homes, weapons, ammunition, a plane, luxury cars, jewelry and an $850,000
yacht they named "Priceless." They also alleged some of the money was used to
pay organized crime debt.

In 1989, the younger Scarfo was the victim of what authorities have described as
an attempted mob hit in a South Philadelphia Italian restaurant. He was shot a
half-dozen times.

LOAD-DATE: July 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Andy Ritchie, Philadelphia Inquirer, The Associated Press; Nicodemo S.
Scarfo used threats to take over a mortgage company with mob associates,
plundering it of $12 million.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Brief

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Edmonton Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                             991 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                             July 9, 2015 Thursday
                                  Main Edition

FRAUD CASE;
Filing: Plea deal reached

BYLINE: J. Scott Trubey; Staff

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 9A

LENGTH: 331 words



HIGHLIGHT: Atlanta hotel developer accused of defrauding investor of $1.5
million.


A resolution could be close in a federal fraud case involving an Atlanta-area
hotel developer.

A change of plea hearing is scheduled for Monday in Nashville for R.C. Patel of
Duluth, who was indicted last year on five counts of wire fraud, one count of
mail fraud and four counts of money laundering. He previously pleaded not guilty
to the charges.

A June 22 court filing states that Patel and the government "have reached a plea
agreement" to resolve the case. Terms of the possible deal were not immediately
available.

Don Samuel, an attorney for Patel, declined to comment beyond an acknowledgement
of the scheduled hearing. A spokesman for the U.S. Attorney's Office for the
Middle District of Tennessee also declined comment.

Patel is well known in Atlanta's hospitality community and ranked among the
region's most prominent Indian-American businessmen. But he ran into repeated
business troubles as the economy tanked.

The indictment accuses Patel of defrauding a Tennessee investor of $1.5 million
that was supposed to go toward equity in two hotels, including a plan to
purchase the mortgage of a Best Western hotel in Atlanta. Prosecutors allege
Patel diverted funds from the investor to pay personal expenses, including
unrelated debts.

Patel was a founder of Haven Trust Bank, a metro Atlanta institution that
focused on financing the businesses of the region's Asian communities, including
hoteliers.

The bank failed in December 2008, crippled by bad bets in commercial real
estate. A subsequent government post-mortem of the bank faulted bank insiders
for many issues, including lax internal controls, sloppy loan underwriting and
documentation and allegedly improper loans to family members. It also levied
some fault on regulators for not acting quickly enough to curb alleged abuses.

The FDIC later sued Patel and 14 other Haven Trust insiders seeking nearly $40
million in damages. The civil liability case was settled last year for about
$2.5 million, according to FDIC records.

LOAD-DATE: July 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2015 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                             992 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     April 28, 2003, Monday, FINAL EDITION

Scam artists use new technology

BYLINE: Edward Iwata

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 9B

LENGTH: 513 words

DATELINE: LAS VEGAS

LAS VEGAS -- As war and terrorism preoccupy the nation, scam artists quietly
continue to devise clever ways to rip off consumers and companies.

"Fraud is everywhere, and it is getting much worse," says Jim Baker, a former
homicide investigator with the Dallas Police Department and now the head of
Baker Technologies, an investigative firm in Rowlett, Texas.

Last year, U.S. companies lost $ 600 billion to fraud -- a 50% jump from $ 400
billion in 1996, according to the Association of Certified Fraud Examiners, a
worldwide group of fraud investigators and auditors.


The Internet, new software, wireless and other computer technology ensure the
rapid spread of new scams.

And the scams will be hard to slow, with the public and law enforcement still
more concerned about street crimes than financial wrongdoing, Baker warns.

White-collar crimes that appear to be spreading:

 * Casino scams. Strengthened security has snuffed many gambling-related scams
in recent years, but sharp con artists keep ripping off casinos nationwide for
hundreds of millions of dollars.

A large casino loses several million dollars a year to fraud by employees alone,
estimates Derk Boss, vice president of surveillance at the Stratosphere
Hotel-Casino & Tower here.

One hot scam involves promotional cards that casinos use to lure gamblers.

If a customer repeatedly uses a casino's slot machines, for instance, he can
build up card points and earn cash rebates or free meals and hotel rooms.

Dishonest casino employees will log onto computers at work and add points to the
accounts of friends and family members, Boss says.

Or con artists, using fake names, will insert 80 or 90 cards into slot machines
and video poker games to accumulate points.

 * "Smart" card schemes. High-tech thieves already are scheming to exploit smart
cards, the new credit and debit cards embedded with computer chips that hold
customer information.

In Europe, where financial firms are the first to roll out millions of smart
cards, crime rings and computer hackers are believed to be stealing the cards
from the mail.

"They're getting their hands on cards to test new schemes and circumvent the
(technology)," says Wesley Wilhelm, manager of fraud analytics at Fair Isaac, a
fraud-prevention firm in San Diego.

 * Bank fraud. FBI investigations of bank fraud in Chicago rose last year to 354
cases from 77 in 2001, when many FBI agents were diverted to investigate
terrorism.

FBI agents in Chicago are handling more cases involving theft of $ 250,000 or
more, including more $ 1 million cases, says FBI assistant special agent Joseph
Ways.

They're also seeing more crooks use new off-the-shelf software and printers to
make realistic-looking counterfeit checks, Ways says.

White-collar crooks are like cockroaches, Baker said, speaking at a recent
training workshop here of the Association of Certified Fraud Examiners.

"You can spray one house, but they just go down the street and hit another
home," he said.

LOAD-DATE: April 28, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2003 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             993 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 January 30, 2000, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

National News Briefs;
Utah Rejects Prosecutor For Polygamous Clans

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section 1; Page 19; Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 192 words

DATELINE: SALT LAKE CITY, Jan. 29


Utah lawmakers have voted down a bill that would have established a special
prosecutor to investigate abuse and fraud in polygamous communities.

The House bill, killed on Thursday by a vote of 43 to 28, would have allocated
$200,000 to hire a prosecutor to investigate welfare fraud, tax fraud, domestic
abuse and sexual abuse in polygamous societies.

The bill's sponsor, Representative Ron Bigelow, Republican of Salt Lake City,
said investigators were needed because polygamist societies were generally
secretive, making uncovering crime difficult.

Opponents argued that the measure singled out a group of people based on their
religious beliefs.

Utah was required to outlaw polygamy in its Constitution as a condition of
statehood, but the crime of plural marriage has been prosecuted only a handful
of times.

Two years ago, however, two prominent members of a polygamous clan were
convicted of child abuse. That case -- and reports of rampant welfare fraud in
Hildale, Utah, and Colorado City, Ariz., sister cities where polygamy is common
-- prompted heightened scrutiny.

There are an estimated 25,000 polygamists in Utah.



http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 2000 The New York Times Company


                             994 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 January 3, 1992, Friday, Late Edition - Final

New Measure Will Punish Fraud in Car Registration

BYLINE: By WAYNE KING,  Special to The New York Times

SECTION: Section B; Page 5; Column 5; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 717 words

DATELINE: TRENTON, Jan. 2


New Yorkers and other out-of-staters who try to beat high automobile-insurance
rates by falsely registering their cars in New Jersey will face stiff fines --
up to $15,000 -- under a bill signed into law today by Gov. Jim Florio.

The new law makes it a violation of the state's Fraud Prevention Act for any
out-of-state motorist to misrepresent his legal residence in applying for
automobile insurance. First offenders can be fined $5,000, a second offense is
subject to a fine of $10,000, and third and subsequent offenses, $15,000.

"People engage in this type of fraud to save money though New Jersey's lower
auto insurance rates, so the best way to eliminate this type of fraud is to
remove the economic incentive by fining violators," Governor Florio said in
signing the bill in Newark today.

Although New Jersey residents complain about high insurance rates, they are
still substantially lower than those paid in high-claim areas like New York City
and Philadelphia, where investigators say rate evasion is most common.

Contrast in Rates

Rates in New Jersey, according to the Insurance Department, currently average
about $1,000 a year, but insuring a car in New York City or Philadelphia can
cost more than $3,000 a year because of the high accident and theft rate.

The most common method of evading the high rates charged in those urban areas is
to register a car in New Jersey using an address of a vacation home on the
Jersey Shore, or arranging with New Jersey relatives to use their addresses,
particularly in rural or suburban areas where rates are lower.

Mr. Florio said such evasions cost New Jersey drivers about $100 a year in added
premiums to make up for claims made against policies fraudulently written using
New Jersey addresses.

The extent of the problem was suggested last May 20, when investigators from the
New Jersey Insurance Fraud Division went into Philadelphia and several New York
City boroughs to list and photograph vehicles bearing New Jersey plates between
6 and 9:30 in the morning. They recorded a total of 1,147 New Jersey plates, 663
in New York City and 484 in Philadelphia, many on expensive luxury cars. The
disparity in insurance rates is biggest on more expensive cars because of the
higher cost of repairs or replacement.

After investigators checked the vehicle registrations against other records --
local tax rolls, credit reports, post office records, school registrations,
utility bills, telephone directory listings, employment records, insurance
applications, voter registrations and lease company records -- to determine the
actual residence of the owners, about 800 were found to actually live in New
Jersey.

But without a specific statute specifically making such fraudulent registation a
crime, rate evaders were only subject to civil penalties if they filed a claim
against their insurance. The normal course of action when an insurer discovered
fraudulent registration, usually after a claim was filed, was to rescind the
policy and refund the premium.

Rate evaders who had not filed any claims could in theory be prosecuted
criminally for theft by deception -- getting a lower rate by lying about the
address -- but prosecution and proof were difficult, and in 1989, the most
recent year for which statistics were available, only 23 people were indicted
for theft by deception in such cases.

13,000 Cases Investigated

But the Fraud Division actually received more than 30,000 complaints of rate
evasion between 1988 and 1990, when investigators began to focus on the problem.
In 1990, about 13,000 cases were investigated, and nearly 40 percent involved
rate evaders who had filed claims.

Investigators said 95 percent of the cases involved out-of-state residents
fraudulently claiming New Jersey addresses.

New Jersey insurance officials also said the new law would allow insurance
companies and law-enforcement officials broader authority to physically inspect
vehicles for which applicants have requested insurance.

In some cases, the insured person simply lies on the application, creating a
vehicle that does not exist, gets a policy, then reports the nonexistent car
stolen and collects on the policy. Insurance companies refer to this type of
fraud as "the phantom vehicle scheme."

LOAD-DATE: January 3, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company


                             995 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 May 6, 1982, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

F.B.I. SEIZES HEAD OF BANKRUPT DIAMOND CONCERN

BYLINE: By SELWYN RAAB

SECTION: Section A; Page 1, Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 704 words


The head of a bankrupt diamond company and his wife, who have been linked to the
embezzlement of $6 million by a slain Federal witness, were arrested on mail
fraud charges yesterday by the Federal Bureau of Investigation.

At a hearing in Federal District Court in Manhattan, a prosecutor said Irwin M.
Margolies, the 47-year-old president of the defunct Candor Diamond Company, and
his wife, Madeleine, 40, were responsible for a ''fraud of monumental
proportions.''

The prosecutor, Stephen Schlessinger, an assistant United States Attorney, said
there was little hope of recovering the missing funds. He asserted that ''some
of the proceeds of the fraud were secreted'' in foreign countries by Mr. and
Mrs. Margolies last summer when they traveled ''under false and assumed names.''


Police Inquiry on Murder

Alice T. McGillion, a Deputy Police Commissioner, said the Federal fraud arrests
would have little effect on the Police Department's separate investigation of
the murder of Margaret Barbera. Miss Barbera was a Candor employee who had
agreed in March to plead guilty to a fraud conspiracy charge and to testify
against the Margolieses.  Three CBS employees who apparently tried to rescue
Miss Barbera from abduction in a West Side garage on April 12 were fatally shot
along with Miss Barbera with the same .22-caliber gun.

Police officials have said they believe the murder of the 37-yearold Miss
Barbera was related to the Candor fraud case. Miss Barbera had been the
controller at the diamond company, at 15 West 45th Street, in 1980 and 1981 when
the fraud was said to have occurred.

Another former Candor employee, Jenny Soo Chin, disappeared last January, and
the police fear she, too, may have been murdered for a motive related to the
embezzlement. Mrs. Chin, 46, of Teaneck, N.J., vanished after visiting Miss
Barbera at her apartment in Ridgewood, Queens.

Mr. and Mrs. Margolies were arrested on fraud charges at 7:15 A.M.  at their
home, 6 Haddon Road in Greenburgh, Westchester County. They were each later
released after signing a $200,000 personal appearance bond -which does not
require any money to be offered as security - for a hearing on May 25.

While waiting more than an hour in a small, stuffy courtroom at Foley Square,
Mr. Margolies put his arm around his wife as she rested her head on his
shoulder. United States Magistrate Kent Sinclair Jr.  allowed Mrs. Margolies to
be seated during the brief bail hearing when she complained of feeling ill.

Mrs. Margolies, who wore sunglasses, stared at the floor as Mr.  Schlessinger,
the prosecutor, asked Magistate Sinclair to set cash bail of $75,000 for each of
the defendants.

The prosecutor said Mr. and Mrs. Margolies had maintained ''a lavish, opulent
life style'' since the Candor company went bankrupt last September.

Gary Woodfield, a lawyer for Mr. and Mrs. Margolies, said they had surrendered
their passports last week to a grand jury that is investigating the fraud and
had cooperated with Federal authorities by providing requested samples of their
handwriting.

Did Not Have to Enter Pleas

Mr. and Mrs. Margolies were not required to enter pleas at the hearing. Before
the hearing, when asked by a reporter for their reactions to the fraud charges
and the homicide investigation, Mr.  Margolies said, ''I have nothing to say,
nothing.'' Mrs. Margolies shook her head, without replying.

The maximum sentence on the fraud charge is five years' imprisonment and a
$1,000 fine.  A suspect in the murder case, Donald J. Bowers, of Keansburg,
N.J., was seized April 19 after the police said his van had been used by the
garage gunman. Mr. Bowers, according to police officials does not match the
description of the killer, but detectives believe he can identify the gunman,
who they believe was hired to commit the crime.

Police officials, who asked for anonymity, said that as part of the murder
inquiry, detectives had obtained records of telephones used by Mr. Bowers, Miss
Barbera, Mr. Margolies and others.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustrations: photo of Irwin and Madeleine Margolies

                   Copyright 1982 The New York Times Company


                             996 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Muskogee Phoenix (Oklahoma)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             October 4, 2013 Friday

State drops adoption fraud charge

BYLINE: Thad Ayers, Muskogee Phoenix, Okla.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 291 words


Oct. 04--State charges were dismissed against a Muskogee woman who pleaded
guilty in federal court to wire fraud in a multistate adoption scam.

Davanna Dotson, 22, is serving 48 months in federal prison, to be followed by
three years of probation. As part of a plea deal, she was ordered to pay
$14,976.21 in restitution.

Muskogee County District Attorney Larry Moore dropped a felony charge of
obtaining money by false pretense Thursday. He said eight other felonies were
dismissed in September as part of the federal deal.

"We got our restitution through the federal system," Moore said. "There was no
use in trying to proceed on the same type of charges she's also plead guilty."

Dotson was accused of pretending to have a baby for adoption and persuading
potential adoptive parents in other states to send money to her for diapers,
transportation, car seats and other items.

The scheme involved families and agencies in several states, including Oklahoma,
Alabama, Arkansas, Illinois, Louisiana, Ohio, Virginia and Texas.

Dotson was indicted in November. She pleaded guilty in December and was
sentenced in August.

Because Dotson was convicted of a federal charge, Moore said, his office had
been planning to dismiss charges on or before Dotson's state preliminary
hearing.

He said there was "no rush" to file the dismissal because Dotson is already
serving her sentence.

Allowing the U.S. attorney to take the case Dotson also saved the state the
expense of  continuing court proceedings and bringing in people to testify, he
said.

Reach Thad Ayers at (918) 684-2903 or tayers@muskogeephoenix.com

___ (c)2013 the Muskogee Phoenix (Muskogee, Okla.) Visit the Muskogee Phoenix
(Muskogee, Okla.) at muskogeephoenix.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20131004-XK-State-drops-adoption-fraud-charge-1004-20131004

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: XK


                        Copyright 2013 Muskogee Phoenix


                             997 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Capital (Annapolis, MD)

                             April 16, 2006 Sunday

REGIONAL DIGEST

SECTION: INSIDE; Pg. A4

LENGTH: 311  words


Couple charged in glass-eating scheme

A Massachusetts man has been arrested to face charges with his wife in a
multistate glass-eating insurance fraud scheme, federal prosecutors said Friday.

Ronald Evano and his wife, Mary Evano, who is still being sought, filed
fraudulent insurance claims that there was glass in their food at restaurants,
hotels and grocery stores in Massachusetts, Rhode Island, the District of
Columbia and Maryland, according to the indictment made public Friday.

The couple used several aliases and had lived in Maryland and West Virginia as
well as Massachusetts, prosecutors said.

In some cases, prosecutors said, the Evanos had eaten glass, but they did so
intentionally to support their insurance claims. The glass did not come from the
food they had bought.

The indictment claims that between 1997 and 2005, the Evanos filed fraudulent
insurance claims worth more than $200,000 and left a trail of unpaid medical
bills worth more than $100,000.

The Evanos are charged with conspiracy and multiple counts of mail fraud, wire
fraud, identity fraud, social security fraud and making false statements on
health care matters.

Mr. Evano is being held by police in Maryland. He is scheduled to return to
Massachusetts where he will be charged in U.S district court.

Easter Egg Roll a hot ticket

WASHINGTON, D.C. - The hope of scoring tickets to this year's White House Easter
Egg Roll enticed hundreds of people to line up patiently in Washington, some of
them waiting overnight.

The White House handed out tickets early yesterday and planned to release a few
more tomorrow.

Maryland lotteries

Drawn April 15 (night): Pick 3, 8-8-4; Pick 4, 0-6-4-1; Bonus Match 5:
02-15-16-19-30 Bonus Ball 14; Multi-Match, 02-05-06-13-28-33. The next
Multi-Match drawing will be worth an estimated $700,000 million.

Drawn April 15 (afternoon): Pick 3, 4-7-5; Pick 4, 4-1-7-1.

LOAD-DATE: April 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2006 Capital Gazette Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             998 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                 The Daily Record of Rochester (Rochester, NY)

                            December 3, 2010 Friday

Brothers charged in investment fraud scheme

BYLINE: Daily Record Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 427  words


U.S. Attorney William J. Hochul Jr. announced Friday that a federal grand jury
has returned a 47-count indictment charging Michael H. Wilson, 23, formerly of
Hamburg, Erie County, with wire fraud, money laundering and conspiracy.

Wilson's brother, William W. Wilson, 21, of Cleveland, Ohio, is charged with two
counts of wire fraud and conspiracy. The maximum penalty for each fraud count is
20 years in prison and a $250,000 fine. The money laundering charge carries a
penalty of up to 10 years in prison and a $250,000 fine.

Assistant U.S. Attorney Paul J. Campana, who is handling the criminal case, and
Richard D. Kaufman, chief of the U.S. Attorney's Office's Asset Forfeiture and
Financial Litigation Unit, said Michael Wilson is accused of attempting to
defraud investors out of more than $8 million between June 2008 and July 2009
and another $71,875 in July 2010.

The indictment charges that Michael Wilson created several investment companies
known collectively as "New Frontier," including such names as "Phantom Holdings"
and others, all purportedly located at 6553 Boston State Road in Hamburg,
adjacent to his residence.

Prosecutors say the defendant induced individuals and companies to invest in
financial instruments with complex sounding names - such as "leveraging"
agreements - that promised high-yield earnings and returns.

The Indictment states that rather than investing clients' money, Michael Wilson
spent it on a variety of personal items, including $2.5 million for a down
payment for Boston State Road properties, automobiles - including a Hummer,
Corvette,  two Land Rovers, and a Mercedes ML 500, artwork  and other items.

The indictment also says that in January 2009, Wilson paid $1,800 to hire an
actor from a talent agency to portray a person using the name of an alias
("George Possiodis") which was used during his scheme.

The indictment seeks the forfeiture of more than $3 million that Michael Wilson
allegedly stole from investors and spent.

The brothers are also accused of conspiring in July to receive two wire
transfers totaling $71,875, which a client believed would be invested by "Zodiak
Capital," another one of Michael Wilson's companies.

Michael Wilson is believed to be residing in Canada. Hochul said his office will
apply to have Michael Wilson extradited from Canada if he does not appear
voluntarily in U.S. District Court in Buffalo to answer these charges. William
Wilson was arrested in Columbus, Ohio Friday morning by special agents of the
FBI and the Internal Revenue Service, Criminal Investigation Division.

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             999 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                             June 4, 1992, Thursday

INSURANCE BRIEFS

BYLINE: From Wire and Staff Reports

SECTION: INSURANCE, Pg. 9A

LENGTH: 364 words

DATELINE:  NEW YORK


III OFFERS PLAN TO CURB

INSURANCE FRAUD

A coordinated national approach to combat insurance fraud is urged in a new
report released by the Insurance Information Institute here and the National
Insurance Crime Bureau, Palos Hills, Ill.

The report, "Fighting the Hidden Crime: A National Agenda to Combat Insurance
Fraud," analyzes the insurance fraud problem and suggests initiatives needed to
curb this crime, which costs the property/casualty insurance industry $ 17
billion a year.

Suggestions include initiating public education and education and outreach
programs, anti-fraud procedures and training and developing databases.

Free copies of the report are available from the I.I.I. Publications Center, 110
William St., New York, N.Y. 10038, or call (212) 669-9250.

MAY STORMS CAUSED

$ 55 MILLION DAMAGE

NEW YORK - Severe weather, including wind, hail, tornadoes and flooding, caused
an estimated $ 55 million in insured losses in Oklahoma, Texas, Louisiana and
Arkansas, according to the Property Claims Services division of the American
Insurance Services Group.

Gary Kerney, PCS' director of catastrophe services, said the damage occurred May
10-15.

In Oklahoma, the Ponca City area was hammered by two-inch hail, which caused
widespread damage to structures and vehicles, he said. At least 13 tornadoes
occurred in the Oklahoma City area, but damage was minimal.

In Texas, the most severe damage was caused by hail the size of baseballs in the
Amarillo area.

FRANK B. HALL ACQUIRES

SAN FRANCISCO'S DSI

YORK - Brokerage firm Frank B. Hall & Co. acquired DSI Insurance Services Inc.,
a brokerage based in San Francisco. DSI was merged into Hall's San Francisco
office.

DSI was founded in April 1985 by Scott Heldfond, Barbara Reynolds and Douglas
Shorenstein, who is president of the Shorenstein Co., a property manager and
developer. Mr. Heldfond and Ms. Reynolds now hold positions with Hall. Mr.
Heldfond was named president and chief operating officer of the San Francisco
office, and Ms. Reynolds was named executive vice president.

Russell Sands continues as chairman and chief executive of Hall's San Francisco
office.

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

EDITOR-NOTE: INSURANCE BRIEFS

                  Copyright 1992 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                             1000 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Capital (Annapolis, MD)

                             June 19, 2008 Thursday

REGIONAL DIGEST

SECTION: INSIDE; Pg. A4

LENGTH: 475  words


4 more indicted in mortgage fraud case

GREENBELT - A federal grand jury in Maryland has indicted four more people in a
government investigation of mortgage fraud.

The defendants are accused of airing television advertisements that offered to
help people improve their credit, and save their homes from foreclosure. The
indictment says, however, the defendants took control of the homes and then
failed to pay mortgages on them, causing the original owners to default.

The defendants are Cheryl Brooke, 51, and Michael Lewis, 56, of Upper Marlboro,
Earnest Lewis, 59, of Takoma Park and Winston Thomas, 42, of New Carrollton.
They are charged with wire fraud and wire fraud conspiracy.

Last week, eight people were indicted in an alleged $35 million mortgage
foreclosure rescue scheme.

59 idled at Hagerstown's Volvo plant

HAGERSTOWN - Volvo Trucks North America announced 59 layoffs at the Volvo
Powertrain plant in Hagerstown.

The company said the layoffs took effect Monday. The move follows the layoffs of
99 workers in April.

The work force at the plant has been reduced to 1,278 employees.

The plant makes engines and transmissions for Mack and Volvo trucks. Company
spokesman John Walsh said the layoffs were needed because the economy has not
improved as officials had hoped. Volvo now expects flat truck sales for the
year.

Md. man sentenced for counterfeiting

WASHINGTON, D.C. - A U.S. District Court judge has sentenced a Maryland man who
pleaded guilty to counterfeiting to two years in prison.

Melvin Johnson, 35, of Hyattsville admitted last month that he had $520 in fake
$20 bills in his car when he was arrested during a traffic stop by D.C. police
in 2006.

Johnson was arrested again seven months later in Mount Ranier. Records show that
authorities found $6,780 in counterfeit bills in his pockets or next to him.

Metro logs high ridership days

WASHINGTON, D.C. - Metro has recorded two days of unusually high rail ridership
this week despite the lack of baseball games or other special events.

Yesterday was the system's sixth-highest ridership day ever with more than
823,000 people taking trains. On Tuesday, Metro had its 10th-biggest day with
more than 812,000 riders. Metro officials have been bracing for a spike in the
number of passengers, as gas prices continue to climb.

Meanwhile, the transit agency is holding an online contest today in honor of
National Dump the Pump Day, when people are encouraged to take public
transportation. Participants have until midnight to guess what the day's
ridership will be. The winner will receive a SmarTrip card worth $100.

Maryland lotteries

Drawn June 18 (night): Pick 3, 2-5-3; Pick 4, 9-6-4-3; Bonus Match 5,
04-10-13-23-30 Bonus Ball 38; Multi-Match, 03-06-15-28-38-41. The next
Multi-Match drawing will be worth an estimated $1.1 million.

Drawn June 18 (afternoon): Pick 3, 6-4-0; Pick 4, 6-5-7-0.

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2008 Capital Gazette Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved
