
                              1 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                           November 28, 2006 Tuesday
                                Marshall Edition

Gritty Graft a hardwood Rudy;
Former Penn player overcomes mysterious illness, helps Purdue's hoops team

BYLINE: By CURT RALLO, Tribune Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 870 words


When Purdue took the court for warm-ups against Western Carolina, no player
showed as much enthusiasm about wearing a gold and black jersey with Purdue
stamped on the chest as former Penn High School star A.J. Graft.

Graft, a 6-foot-6 walk-on, dished out high fives and encouraging words to his
fellow Boilermakers with the rapid-fire precision of a point guard running a
fastbreak.

But five months earlier, when Graft sat in a doctor's office and heard there was
a possibility that he was suffering from leukemia, basketball wasn't anywhere in
the big picture.

Graft felt severely run down during finals week and was tested for mono. After
his fourth visit to a family physician, Graft was told he was being sent to a
hematologist.

"I felt really down, but I was still working really hard to do basketball,"
Graft said. "When I went to the hematologist's office, they told me I wasn't
going to be able to work out for a while. At that point, I had kind of given up.
I thought maybe God was telling me that basketball wasn't what I was supposed to
do. I lost about 20 pounds in six weeks. I felt like maybe basketball wasn't
going to happen.

"The doctors said that it could be early development of leukemia," Graft said.
"Then, they dropped that scenario because I had an inflamed liver, and that
wasn't characteristic of leukemia. It (the illness) just kind of went away on
its own. They never did find out what the problem was. The doctors gave me the
go-ahead to start working out again."

Graft worked out to pursue his dream of making the Purdue basketball team
through open tryouts.

Graft turned down opportunities to play college basketball in order to pursue a
degree in business at Purdue.

"After my senior year of high school basketball, I said I was never going to
play basketball ever again," Graft said. "But, you have that competitive nature,
and I was looking for something, so I played intramurals. It wasn't as
competitive as I was hoping for, and I went looking for something more. So I
decided to go to the (Purdue) tryouts last year. I didn't make it, but I wasn't
going to let that stop me from trying out again this year. I wanted to prove to
myself that I had what it took."

Graft proved his ability in the workouts and earned a spot as a practice player.

"Growing up, it's everybody's dream to play a Division I sport, whether it's
football or basketball," Graft said. "Just the opportunity to warm up, I don't
even have to play. I went in not even knowing that I was going to dress for
games. This gives me an opportunity to go out and warm up with some of the
greatest athletes in the country throughout the season. That's really
awe-inspiring. I can't even put into words how it feels.

"When I had my meeting with (Purdue coach Matt) Painter, he told me that they
were low in big guys," Graft said. "He said he needed someone to come in and
push their big guys.

"He said 'You're from South Bend.' I said yes. He said, 'So you know the Rudy
story?' I said yes. He said, 'That's what we need you to do. We need you to come
out here and make the guys better for game day. You need to work your butt off
when you get here.'

"That's my role. I just go out there and do what the coaches tell me to do, and
I try to make the big guys better."

Graft, who maintains a 3.4 grade-point average and is deeply involved with
Habitat for Humanity and Big Brothers/Big Sisters, said that he leaves
everything on the court at practice.

"I go at it hard, but I try not to hurt them, if that's even possible," Graft
said. "They've all got at least 40 pounds on me. The coaches have told me,
though, beat them up. They've got to get tough. The Big Ten is not an easy
conference to walk through. It's really hard to not be real competitive because
that's how the coaches want the practices. They want everyone competing for a
position every day."

Playing in Penn's fundamentals-oriented system was a springboard to Graft
earning a spot on Purdue's team.

"Everyone said that I'd never see coach Foster's system at the college level,
but the first day of practice at Purdue, we were doing the shell drill, and then
we were doing the basic stuff that we were doing at Penn, the three-man weave,
five-man weave, speed dribble lay-ups," Graft said. "It was all similar. "The
first thing I did at Purdue, the shell defensive drill, I was like, yeah, I know
how this goes. They didn't have to teach me it because I did it at Penn. The
coaches at Penn really preach hard work, and that's what they demand at Purdue.
The reason I made the team at Purdue was I did all the things they wanted, and
they were all drills that I did when I was at Penn."

According to Graft, his opportunity to set foot on the hallowed hardwood at
Mackey Arena, even if it is only for warm-ups, is something he will never take
for granted.

"What I went through really gave me perspective," Graft said of his summer
health scare. "At any time, something like that could happen to anyone. You have
to go out there and play every day like it is your last. I never took that
saying to heart until last summer. It's more so now than ever, because I am a
just walk-on. I have to go out there and play hard every day. I can't call in
sick, because this is my one opportunity."

LOAD-DATE: November 30, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Penn basketball coach Dean Foster talks with former Penn standout A.J.
Graft at a recent practice. Graft has overcome a mysterious illness to make the
Purdue practice team.Tribune Photo/GENE KAISER Top 25 scheduleBy The Associated
Press All Times EST Today No. 1 UCLA vs. Long Beach State, 10:30 p.m.  No. 4
Florida vs. Southern U., 7 p.m.  No. 5 Kansas vs. Dartmouth, 8 p.m.  No. 6
Alabama vs. Louisiana-Monroe, 8 p.m.  No. 11 Duke vs. Indiana, 9 p.m.  No. 12
Wisconsin vs. Florida State, 7:30 p.m.  No. 16 Arizona vs. UNLV, 10:30 p.m.  No.
21 Georgia Tech vs. Penn State, 8 p.m.  No. 23 Maryland at Illinois, 7 p.m.
Wednesday No. 2 Pittsburgh vs. Robert Morris, 7:30 p.m.  No. 3 Ohio State at No.
7 North Carolina, 9 p.m.  No. 10 LSU vs. McNeese State, 8 p.m.  No. 13
Washington vs. Idaho, 10 p.m.  No. 14 Memphis vs. Arkansas State, 8 p.m.  No. 17
Wichita State vs. Missouri-Kansas City, 8:05 p.m.  No. 18 Georgetown vs. Oregon,
7:30 p.m.  No. 19 Butler at Valparaiso, 8:05 p.m.  No. 20 Connecticut vs. Sacred
Heart, 7:30 p.m.  No. 24 Nevada at Louisiana-Lafayette, 8:05 p.m.  No. 25
Virginia at Purdue, 7:30 p.m.  Thursday No. 22 Gonzaga vs. Portland State, 8
p.m.  Friday No. 8 Marquette vs. Northwestern State, 9 p.m.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2006 South Bend Tribune Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              2 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 19, 2014 Friday

US Patent granted to Advanced Bio Prosthetic Surfaces, Ltd (Texas) on December
16, titled as "Compliant implantable medical devices and methods of making same"

LENGTH: 252  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 8,910,363, on
December 16, 2014, to Advanced Bio Prosthetic Surfaces, Ltd (Texas), titled as
"Compliant implantable medical devices and methods of making same"

Inventors:  Palmaz; Julio C. (Napa, CA), Boyle; Christopher T. (Flushing, NY)
Assignee:  Advanced Bio Prosthetic Surfaces, Ltd. (Dallas, TX)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office:
"Implantable medical grafts fabricated of metallic or pseudometallic films of
biocompatible materials having a plurality of microperforations passing through
the film in a pattern that imparts fabric-like qualities to the graft or permits
the geometric deformation of the graft. The implantable graft is preferably
fabricated by vacuum deposition of metallic and/or pseudometallic materials into
either single or multi-layered structures with the plurality of
microperforations either being formed during deposition or after deposition by
selective removal of sections of the deposited film. The implantable medical
grafts are suitable for use as endoluminal or surgical grafts and may be used as
vascular grafts, stent-grafts, skin grafts, shunts, bone grafts, surgical
patches, non-vascular conduits, valvular leaflets, filters, occlusion membranes,
artificial sphincters, tendons and ligaments."

The patent was filed on June 3, 2013 Application no. 13/908,933

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              3 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                           November 2, 2016 Wednesday

Head Line: US Patent granted to Pepper; John R. (Connecticut) on November 1,
2016 titled as "Methods and systems for interbody implant and bone graft
delivery"

LENGTH: 223 words

DATELINE: New York


ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no.
9,480,576 on November 1, 2016, to Pepper; John R. (Connecticut) titled as
"Methods and systems for interbody implant and bone graft delivery"

Inventors: Pepper; John R. (Chesire, CT), Farley; Daniel K. (Traverse City, MI),
Martin; Christopher T. (Empire, MI), Zalucha; Stephanie (Williamsburg, MI),
Perez-Cruet; Miguelangelo J. (Bloomfield, MI)


Assignee: Pepper; John R.    Chesire     CT     US (Connecticut)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
bone graft system for providing bone graft material to a site of interest
includes a multiple unit bone graft material loading device and a conduit. The
multiple unit bone graft material loading device may be configured to accept a
plurality of pre-formed bone graft material units and includes a plurality
chambers configured to accept a pre-formed bone graft unit. The conduit may
include a first opening and second opening. The first opening may be operably
connected with the multiple unit bone graft material loading device to accept
bone graft material from the multiple unit bone graft material loading device.
The second opening may be configured to deliver bone graft material to a site of
interest."

The patent was filed on September 13, 2012 Application No. 13/614,393


LOAD-DATE: November 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              4 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 25, 2014 Thursday

US Patent granted to Cook Medical Technologies LLC (IN) on September 23 titled
as "Implantable graft to close a fistula"

LENGTH: 260  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 8,840,917, on
September 23, 2014, to Cook Medical Technologies LLC (IN), titled as
"Implantable graft to close a fistula"

Inventors: Armstrong; David N. (Atlanta, GA), Bates; Brian L. (Bloomington, IN),
Bleyer; Mark W. (West Lafayette, IN), Obermiller; F. Joseph (West Lafayette,
IN), Patel; Umesh H. (West Lafayette, IN)
Assignee: Cook Medical Technologies LLC (Bloomington, IN)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "An
implantable graft, which may be inserted into a fistula tract to occlude the
primary opening of the fistula, is provided. To prevent unintentional
displacement of the graft or extrusion of the graft from the fistula of a
patient, the graft may be provided with a cap that extends laterally from at
least one end of the body of the graft, where the cap may be integral with the
body of the graft, attachable to at least one end of the body of the graft,
and/or moveable along the body of the graft. The graft may also have a tail that
extends from one end of the body of the graft to assist in placement of the
graft in a fistula tract. The graft may be an integral unit made of a single
material, such as a heterograft material, or may include distinct components
made of the same or different materials. Methods for closing a fistula tract are
also provided."

The patent was filed on. July 15, 2013 Application no. 13/942,187

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              5 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 16, 2014 Tuesday

USPTO Published Patent application of Cook Biotech, Inc titled as "Implantable
Graft to Close a Fistula"

LENGTH: 276  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an application no.
20140364902, published on December 11, 2014, by Cook Biotech, Inc, titled as
"Implantable Graft to Close a Fistula" for the registration of patent.

Inventors:  Armstrong; David N.; (Atlanta, GA) ; Bates; Brian L.; (Bloomington,
IN) ; Bleyer; Mark W.; (West Lafayette, IN) ; Obermiller; F. Joseph; (West
Lafayette, IN) ; Patel; Umesh H.; (West Lafayette, IN)
Assignee:       Cook Biotech, Inc
Cook Medical Technologies LLC
West Lafayette
Bloomington
IN

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "An
implantable graft, which may be inserted into a fistula tract to occlude the
primary opening of the fistula, is provided. To prevent unintentional
displacement of the graft or extrusion of the graft from the fistula of a
patient, the graft may be provided with a cap that extends laterally from at
least one end of the body of the graft, where the cap may be integral with the
body of the graft, attachable to at least one end of the body of the graft,
and/or moveable along the body of the graft. The graft may also have a tail that
extends from one end of the body of the graft to assist in placement of the
graft in a fistula tract. The graft may be an integral unit made of a single
material, such as a heterograft material, or may include distinct components
made of the same or different materials. Methods for closing a fistula tract are
also provided."

The Patent was filed on August 21, 2014 under application No. 20140364902

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              6 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald-Tribune (Florida)

                             March 26, 2006 Sunday
                                  ALL EDITION

Grafts celebrate 55 years

SECTION: FLORIDA WEST & TRAVEL; Pg. E10

LENGTH: 113 words


John and Audrey Graft of Venice celebrated their 55th anniversary Feb. 23, 2006.

They were married Feb. 23, 1951, in Hunker, Pa., and have lived in Venice for 11
years.

They are the parents of Sherry Shannon of Chattanooga, Tenn., Sue Welch of
Brandon, John Graft Jr. of Las Vegas, Donald Graft of Sarasota, David Graft of
Irwin, Pa., Cora Walker of Northville, Mich., and Brian Graft and Timothy Graft,
both of Jeannette, Pa. The couple has 19 grandchildren and seven
great-grandchildren.

They celebrated with family in Las Vegas.

Mr. Graft is retired from the trucking industry in Irwin.

Mrs. Graft is retired from Hills Department Stores in Irwin.

Both attend Lakeside Lutheran Church.

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  Anniversaries

GRAPHIC: PHOTO

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.


                              7 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 11, 2014 Thursday

USPTO Published Patent application of ORTHOPEDIATRICS CORP. titled as "GRAFT
FIXATION"

LENGTH: 258  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an application no.
20140358230, published on December 04, 2014, by ORTHOPEDIATRICS CORP., titled as
"GRAFT FIXATION" for the registration of patent.

Inventors:  Niese; Brad Anthony; (Chandler, AZ) ; Wall; Eric; (Cincinnati, OH) ;
Yen; Yi-Meng; (Wellesley, MA) ; Arnett; Jeffery D.; (Gilbert, AZ) ; Anderson;
Allen F.; (Nashville, TN) ; Kocher; Minder; (Dover, MA) ; Ganley; Theodore J.;
(Bryn Mawr, PA) ; Koch; Rebekah; (Zionsville, IN) ; Hushka; Dylan Matthew;
(Niwot, CO) ; Harper; Ryan; (Leesburg, IN)
Assignee:       ORTHOPEDIATRICS CORP.
Warsaw
IN
US

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
system for graft fixation including ACL graft reconstruction and fixation is
presented. The system may comprise a loop fixation device for retaining a tissue
graft. The loop fixation device may comprise a graft retention portion and a
cortical fixation portion to allow the loop fixation device to rest on the
cortical portion of a bone. A tissue graft may pass through a bone tunnel and
engage the loop fixation device preventing withdraw of the tissue graft back
through the bone tunnel. The system may also include graft fixation within a
bone tunnel using a sleeve, or tube construct, with a fixation member, or screw,
to engage a tissue graft within the sleeve."

The Patent was filed on February 27, 2014 under application No. 20140358230

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              8 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          December 10, 2014 Wednesday

USPTO Published Patent application of ORTHOPEDIATRICS CORP. titled as "GRAFT
FIXATION"

LENGTH: 258  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an application no.
20140358230, published on December 04, 2014, by ORTHOPEDIATRICS CORP., titled as
"GRAFT FIXATION" for the registration of patent.

Inventors:  Niese; Brad Anthony; (Chandler, AZ) ; Wall; Eric; (Cincinnati, OH) ;
Yen; Yi-Meng; (Wellesley, MA) ; Arnett; Jeffery D.; (Gilbert, AZ) ; Anderson;
Allen F.; (Nashville, TN) ; Kocher; Minder; (Dover, MA) ; Ganley; Theodore J.;
(Bryn Mawr, PA) ; Koch; Rebekah; (Zionsville, IN) ; Hushka; Dylan Matthew;
(Niwot, CO) ; Harper; Ryan; (Leesburg, IN)
Assignee:       ORTHOPEDIATRICS CORP.
Warsaw
IN
US

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
system for graft fixation including ACL graft reconstruction and fixation is
presented. The system may comprise a loop fixation device for retaining a tissue
graft. The loop fixation device may comprise a graft retention portion and a
cortical fixation portion to allow the loop fixation device to rest on the
cortical portion of a bone. A tissue graft may pass through a bone tunnel and
engage the loop fixation device preventing withdraw of the tissue graft back
through the bone tunnel. The system may also include graft fixation within a
bone tunnel using a sleeve, or tube construct, with a fixation member, or screw,
to engage a tissue graft within the sleeve."

The Patent was filed on February 27, 2014 under application No. 20140358230

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              9 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

             Copyright 2017 Thomson Financial, All Rights Reserved
                            Reuters Knowledge Direct

                               February 27, 2017

                               CABG Medical, Inc.

                       Suite 212, 14505 21st Avenue North
                             MINNEAPOLIS,  MN 55447
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: Main Phone: 1-763-2588005
FAX: 1-763-2588008

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
TICKER: CABG
CUSIP: 124676107
IRS No.: 411958628
CIK: 0001122425
ISIN: US1246761076
SEDOL: B02J468
Reuters Instrument Code: CABG.OQ^D06
Display RIC: CABG.OQ

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
LEGAL STATUS: Equity Issue
OPERATING STATUS: Inactive
EMPLOYEES: 4

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   CABG Medical, Inc., incorporated in December 1999, is a development-stage
medical technology company seeking to improve the treatment of coronary heart
disease by advancing conventional bypass surgery. The Company has designed its
first product, the Holly Graft System, by leveraging its understanding of flow
dynamics, material sciences and drug combinations to create an artificial
coronary graft system that specializes in the development and commercialization
of new technologies to treat diseases of the heart. The Company's first product
is the Holly Graft System, which is being developed for use in cardiac bypass
surgery as an alternative to traditional surgical graft harvesting from the
patient's legs and arms. On April 27, 2006, the Company announced that it has
been liquidated.

   The Company expects that its Holly Graft System will provide cardiac surgeons
with a technology that will be differentiated and innovative in the market for
bypass procedures. CABG Medical has conducted tests of the Holly Graft System
and in its view, addressed the problems of hyperplasia, clotting and vessel wall
injury that are associated with substantially all preclinical coronary medical
devices. Based on these tests, the Holly Graft System should be at least as
effective as the saphenous vein graft (SVG) procedure in restoring blood
circulation in coronary arteries without the negative side effects of saphenous
vein harvesting. In terms of maintaining graft patency, the Company's system
delivers critical continuous high-blood flow from the aorta to the target
vessel, thereby diminishing the greater susceptibility of clotting and tissue
formation associated with low flow situations. Harvested vessels are low flow
due to the termination of flow at the target vessel.

   The Holly Graft System is an artificial coronary artery graft designed to
treat blockages in single or multiple coronary arteries from a single-graft
attached at one aperture to the aorta. Blood will flow into the Holly Graft
System at the aorta, where the blood pressure is high, and out of the Holly
Graft System at the superior vena cava, where the blood pressure is low. In
between, blood will flow to one or more coronary arteries through vessel
connections established by surgeons. CABG Medical has designed the Holly Graft
System to create a volume of blood flow through the main conduit to provide a
reliable source of supply for each of the coronary arteries to which a
connection is made. To maintain appropriate pressure in the system to feed the
coronary arteries, the flow limiter is incorporated at the outflow end to
restrict the flow of blood into the vena cava.

   The first human implant of the Holly Graft System took place in Brisbane,
Australia, in November 2004. This first human implant will not provide
sufficient data to conclude that the Holly Graft System will function as
intended in human patients. Rather, the Company will be able to evaluate the
performance of the Holly Graft System in humans only after testing in large
numbers of patients over a period of years. In March 2005, CABG Medical received
approval from the Therapeutic Goods Administration of Australia to initiate a
100 patient clinical trial evaluation of the Holly Graft System. The Company
intends to use the results of this clinical trial to submit to its notified body
for CE Mark approval. The endpoint of this clinical trial will be 30 day follow
up without the incidence of an adverse coronary event. Secondary endpoints of
the trial will be six-month quantitative coronary angiographic assessment and a
12-month clinical follow up that will include electrocardiogram assessment. In
2005, CABG Medical expects to initiate its clinical trials in Europe, with
centers in Germany and Spain.

   CABG Medical plans to seek regulatory approvals to market the Holly Graft
System in international markets before seeking FDA approval in the United
States. The Company will likely market its product in international markets with
a network of experienced cardiovascular surgery representatives. In the United
States, CABG Medical anticipates that the Holly Graft System will be marketed
using a combination of a direct sales force and independent representatives. The
Company is collaborating with partners in such areas as drugs, polymers, coating
technologies, the manufacture of graft material and the production of alloy
components.

   The Company competes with Medtronic, Inc., Guidant Corporation, St. Jude
Medical, Inc., Thoratec Corporation and Edwards Lifesciences Corporation.

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
NAICS CODES:
339112 - Surgical and Medical Instrument Manufacturing
SIC CODES:
3841 - Surgical And Medical Instruments
COMPETITORS:

     ·    Boston Scientific Corporation
     ·    St. Jude Medical, Inc.
     ·    Thoratec Corporation
     ·    Edwards Lifesciences Corp
     ·    AdvanSource Biomaterials Corporation
     ·    Kensey Nash Corporation


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: December 31, 2005

MOST RECENT EXCHANGE RATE:  1.0
CHART OF ACCOUNTS:  Industry
ACCOUNTING STANDARD:  U.S. GAAP
LATEST AVAILABLE ANNUAL:  20170227

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS ('000 USD)
                                    12/31/2005      12/31/2004      12/31/2003
Cash & Equivalents                      11,609          27,746             246
Short Term Investments                  21,039           1,190           1,491
Cash and Short Term                     32,648          28,936           1,737
Investments
Other Current Assets                        28              17              30
Other Current Assets, Total                 28              17              30
Total Current Assets                    33,263          29,227           1,767
Machinery/Equipment - Gross                210             261             113
Property/Plant/Equipment,                  210             261             113
Total - Gross
Accumulated Depreciation,                (140)            (62)            (39)
Total
Property/Plant/Equipment,                   70             199              74
Total - Net
Total Assets                            33,333          29,426           1,841



LIABILITIES ('000 USD)
                                    12/31/2005      12/31/2004      12/31/2003
Accounts Payable                           647             841              74
Accrued Expenses                            48              19              84
Total Current Liabilities                  695             860             158
Total Liabilities                          695             860             158



EQUITY ('000 USD)
                                    12/31/2005      12/31/2004      12/31/2003
Common Stock                            49,685          36,378           4,802
Common Stock, Total                     49,685          36,378           4,802
Retained Earnings (Accumulated        (16,394)         (6,670)         (3,119)
Deficit)
Total Equity                            32,638          28,566           1,683
Total Liabilities &                     33,333          29,426           1,841
Shareholders' Equity
Shares Outs - Common Stock              18,397          15,973           9,352
Primary Issue
Total Common Shares                     18,397          15,973           9,352
Outstanding



FOOTNOTE
                                    12/31/2005      12/31/2004      12/31/2003
Full-Time Employees                         12               9               8



RATIOS
                                    12/31/2005      12/31/2004      12/31/2003
Total Current Assets less               33,263          29,227           1,767
Inventory('000 USD)
Quick Ratio                                 48              34              11
Current Ratio                               48              34              11
Net Debt('000 USD)                    (32,648)        (28,936)         (1,737)
Tangible Book Value('000 USD)           32,638          28,566           1,683
Tangible Book Value per Share                2               2               0
(USD)

* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


('000 USD)
                                    12/31/2005      12/31/2004      12/31/2003
Selling/General/Administrative           2,105             996             405
Expense
Selling/General/Admin.                   2,105             996             405
Expenses, Total
Research & Development                   8,822           2,647           1,153
Total Operating Expense                 10,927           3,643           1,558
Operating Income                      (10,823)         (3,622)         (1,558)
Interest Income -                        1,099              71              16
Non-Operating
Interest/Invest Income -                 1,099              71              16
Non-Operating
Interest                                 1,099              71              16
Inc.(Exp.),Net-Non-Op., Total
Net Income Before Taxes                (9,724)         (3,551)         (1,542)
Net Income After Taxes                 (9,724)         (3,551)         (1,542)
Net Income Before Extra. Items         (9,724)         (3,551)         (1,542)
Income Available to Com Excl           (9,724)         (3,551)         (1,542)
ExtraOrd
Basic Weighted Average Shares           18,625          10,299           8,967
Basic EPS Excluding                        (1)               0               0
Extraordinary Items
Diluted Weighted Average                18,625          10,299           8,967
Shares
Diluted EPS Excluding ExtraOrd             (1)               0               0
Items



EXTRAORDINARY ('000 USD)
                                    12/31/2005      12/31/2004      12/31/2003
Net Income                             (9,724)         (3,551)         (1,542)
Income Available to Com Incl           (9,724)         (3,551)         (1,542)
ExtraOrd



NORMALIZED ('000 USD)
                                    12/31/2005      12/31/2004      12/31/2003
Normalized Income Before Taxes         (9,724)         (3,551)         (1,542)
Normalized Income After Taxes          (9,724)         (3,551)         (1,542)
Normalized Inc. Avail to Com.          (9,724)         (3,551)         (1,542)
Basic Normalized EPS                       (1)               0               0
Diluted Normalized EPS                     (1)               0               0



RATIOS
                                    12/31/2005      12/31/2004      12/31/2003
Normalized EBIT('000 USD)             (10,823)         (3,622)         (1,558)
Normalized EBITDA('000 USD)           (10,746)         (3,599)         (1,543)



SUPPLEMENTAL ('000 USD)
                                    12/31/2005      12/31/2004      12/31/2003
Basic EPS Including                        (1)               0               0
Extraordinary Items
Diluted Net Income                        (10)             (4)             (2)
Diluted EPS Including ExtraOrd             (1)               0               0
Items



FOOTNOTE
                                    12/31/2005      12/31/2004      12/31/2003
Pro Forma Stock Compensation                44             102              44
Expense
Net Income after Stock Based           (1,586)         (3,653)         (1,586)
Comp. Exp.
Basic EPS after Stock Based                  0               0               0
Comp. Exp. (USD)
Diluted EPS after Stock Based                0               0               0
Comp. Exp. (USD)
Depreciation, Supplemental                  77              23              15
Rental Expense, Supplemental               108              84             108
Research & Development Exp,              8,822           2,647           1,153
Supplemental

* * * * * * * * * * CASHFLOW STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


('000 USD)
                                    12/31/2005      12/31/2004      12/31/2003
Net Income/Starting Line               (9,724)         (3,551)         (1,542)
Depreciation                                77              23              15
Depreciation/Depletion                      77              23              15
Other Non-Cash Items                     4,555             353               3
Non-Cash Items                           4,803             353               3
Accounts Payable                         (194)             739              64
Accrued Expenses                            29            (37)              59
Changes in Working Capital               (569)             428             104
Cash from Operating Activities         (5,413)         (2,747)         (1,420)
Purchase of Fixed Assets                 (197)           (147)            (33)
Capital Expenditures                     (197)           (147)            (33)
Sale/Maturity of Investment              2,262           1,789             958
Purchase of Investments               (22,081)         (1,476)         (2,288)
Other Investing Cash Flow             (19,819)             313         (1,330)
Items, Total
Cash from Investing Activities        (20,016)             166         (1,363)
Sale/Issuance of Common                  9,180          30,081           2,252
Common Stock, Net                        9,180          30,081           2,252
Issuance (Retirement) of                 9,292          30,081           2,252
Stock, Net
Cash from Financing Activities           9,292          30,081           2,250
Net Change in Cash                    (16,137)          27,500           (533)
Net Cash - Beginning Balance            27,746             246             779
Net Cash - Ending Balance               11,609          27,746             246

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY SPECIFIC:


Balance Sheet
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                          33,263
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         33,263
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                            33,333
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           33,333
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             31,380
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                          32,638
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         32,638
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         28,566
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           32,638
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           32,638
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          32,648
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                          32,648
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent fiscal                              140
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent quarter                             140
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                              695
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                            695
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                                695
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                              695
USD)
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            102
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                102
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                             32,638
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                           32,638
USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                              77
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                             23
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                               77
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                       (5,610)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         (1,554)
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           (5,610)
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                         (291)
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                         5
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     10
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .01
Net Income/employee - most recent fiscal year                     (926,095,300)
('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - most recent quarter                         (510,064,100)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - trailing 12 month ('000                     (810,333,300)
USD)
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                             1.69
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 3.98
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   1.69
Revenue/employee - most recent fiscal year                             9,904.76
Revenue/employee - most recent quarter                                23,397.44
(annualized)
Revenue/employee - trailing 12 month                                   8,666.67
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                   47.86
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                       47.86
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                           33.98
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              1.77
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              1.77
quarter
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                       13.28
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                   13.28
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                             36.15
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                             -19.79
EPS Change % - year over year                                            -51.42
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                               -56.91
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         -13.88
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                      -19.03
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                -173.84
Net Income Change % - year over year                                    -173.84
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                        233.33
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                         105.88
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                           395.24
Revenue Change %, year over year                                         395.24
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                          (9,724)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                        (1,526)
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                         (9,724)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                          (9,724)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                         (9,724)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                       (1,526)
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                         (9,724)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                          (9,724)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              (10,823)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                   (1,847)
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (10,823)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             (10,746)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                           (3,599)
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  (1,824)
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                   (10,746)
Net Income available to common - most recent                            (9,724)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                            (1,526)
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                            (9,724)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                       (9,724)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                         (9,724)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                         (9,724)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                            8,822
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                            1,312
quarter ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - prior trailing                         2,647
12 month ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - trailing 12                            8,822
month ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                104
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                     70
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                 21
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                      104
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                        (9,724)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                        (9,724)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                 (548)
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                            (9,724)
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                            -30.99
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                           -17.99
(annualized)
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                             -30.99
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                            -31.78
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                           -18.32
(annualized)
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                             -31.78
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                           -31.78
Return on investment - most recent quarter                               -18.32
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                 -31.78
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               1,774
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               1,774
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             1,774
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             1,774
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                               11
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                                11
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                               0
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                             (518)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                         (343)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                              (65)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                 (313)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                             (78)
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                         (495)
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                            (351)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                            (518)
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            1,775
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           1,775
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            (577)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            (522)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                             (79)
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                           (349)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                 (548)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           (522)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                            (79)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                 (349)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (548)
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           (522)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                            (79)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                 (349)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (548)
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                            (522)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                           (301)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                             (281)
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                           (61)
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (320)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                             (81)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                         (504)
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                              (301)
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                                 6
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                             15
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                      4
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                  6
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                     .83
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                         .83
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            3.35
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                 264.87
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                      98.11
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                               3,076.87
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                       264.87
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                   .84
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                                .84
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                    .64
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                                .64
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .64
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .64
quarter
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                               -10,332.69
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                     -10,332.69
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                      -9,350.00
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                     -16,909.52
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                             -2,180.00
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                        -16,909.52
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                               -9,350.00
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                        -10,406.73
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                        -17,247.62
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                -2,638.57
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                 -10,406.73
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                            -9,350.00
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                           -16,909.52
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                   -2,180.00
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                     -9,350.00
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                         2,024.04
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                          864.29
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                          2,024.04
Float                                                                     12.40
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                         27,546
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             10.06
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            18.62
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          18.62
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         19.24
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          18.40
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              18.40
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                            15.97
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                              18.61
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         10.06
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            18.62
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           18.62
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           19.24
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            66.62



Cash Flow
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                          33,263
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         33,263
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                            33,333
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           33,333
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             31,380
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                          32,638
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         32,638
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         28,566
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           32,638
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           32,638
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          32,648
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                          32,648
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent fiscal                              140
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent quarter                             140
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                              695
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                            695
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                                695
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                              695
USD)
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            102
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                102
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                             32,638
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                           32,638
USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                              77
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                             23
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                               77
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                       (5,610)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         (1,554)
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           (5,610)
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                         (291)
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                         5
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     10
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .01
Net Income/employee - most recent fiscal year                     (926,095,300)
('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - most recent quarter                         (510,064,100)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - trailing 12 month ('000                     (810,333,300)
USD)
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                             1.69
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 3.98
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   1.69
Revenue/employee - most recent fiscal year                             9,904.76
Revenue/employee - most recent quarter                                23,397.44
(annualized)
Revenue/employee - trailing 12 month                                   8,666.67
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                   47.86
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                       47.86
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                           33.98
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              1.77
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              1.77
quarter
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                       13.28
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                   13.28
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                             36.15
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                             -19.79
EPS Change % - year over year                                            -51.42
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                               -56.91
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         -13.88
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                      -19.03
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                -173.84
Net Income Change % - year over year                                    -173.84
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                        233.33
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                         105.88
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                           395.24
Revenue Change %, year over year                                         395.24
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                          (9,724)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                        (1,526)
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                         (9,724)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                          (9,724)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                         (9,724)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                       (1,526)
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                         (9,724)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                          (9,724)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              (10,823)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                   (1,847)
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (10,823)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             (10,746)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                           (3,599)
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  (1,824)
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                   (10,746)
Net Income available to common - most recent                            (9,724)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                            (1,526)
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                            (9,724)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                       (9,724)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                         (9,724)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                         (9,724)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                            8,822
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                            1,312
quarter ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - prior trailing                         2,647
12 month ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - trailing 12                            8,822
month ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                104
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                     70
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                 21
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                      104
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                        (9,724)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                        (9,724)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                 (548)
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                            (9,724)
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                            -30.99
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                           -17.99
(annualized)
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                             -30.99
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                            -31.78
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                           -18.32
(annualized)
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                             -31.78
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                           -31.78
Return on investment - most recent quarter                               -18.32
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                 -31.78
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               1,774
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               1,774
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             1,774
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             1,774
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                               11
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                                11
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                               0
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                             (518)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                         (343)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                              (65)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                 (313)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                             (78)
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                         (495)
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                            (351)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                            (518)
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            1,775
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           1,775
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            (577)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            (522)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                             (79)
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                           (349)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                 (548)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           (522)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                            (79)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                 (349)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (548)
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           (522)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                            (79)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                 (349)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (548)
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                            (522)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                           (301)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                             (281)
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                           (61)
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (320)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                             (81)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                         (504)
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                              (301)
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                                 6
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                             15
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                      4
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                  6
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                     .83
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                         .83
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            3.35
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                 264.87
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                      98.11
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                               3,076.87
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                       264.87
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                   .84
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                                .84
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                    .64
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                                .64
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .64
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .64
quarter
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                               -10,332.69
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                     -10,332.69
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                      -9,350.00
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                     -16,909.52
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                             -2,180.00
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                        -16,909.52
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                               -9,350.00
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                        -10,406.73
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                        -17,247.62
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                -2,638.57
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                 -10,406.73
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                            -9,350.00
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                           -16,909.52
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                   -2,180.00
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                     -9,350.00
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                         2,024.04
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                          864.29
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                          2,024.04
Float                                                                     12.40
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                         27,546
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             10.06
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            18.62
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          18.62
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         19.24
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          18.40
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              18.40
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                            15.97
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                              18.61
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         10.06
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            18.62
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           18.62
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           19.24
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            66.62



Descriptive
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                          33,263
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         33,263
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                            33,333
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           33,333
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             31,380
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                          32,638
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         32,638
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         28,566
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           32,638
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           32,638
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          32,648
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                          32,648
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent fiscal                              140
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent quarter                             140
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                              695
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                            695
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                                695
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                              695
USD)
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            102
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                102
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                             32,638
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                           32,638
USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                              77
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                             23
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                               77
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                       (5,610)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         (1,554)
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           (5,610)
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                         (291)
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                         5
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     10
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .01
Net Income/employee - most recent fiscal year                     (926,095,300)
('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - most recent quarter                         (510,064,100)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - trailing 12 month ('000                     (810,333,300)
USD)
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                             1.69
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 3.98
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   1.69
Revenue/employee - most recent fiscal year                             9,904.76
Revenue/employee - most recent quarter                                23,397.44
(annualized)
Revenue/employee - trailing 12 month                                   8,666.67
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                   47.86
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                       47.86
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                           33.98
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              1.77
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              1.77
quarter
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                       13.28
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                   13.28
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                             36.15
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                             -19.79
EPS Change % - year over year                                            -51.42
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                               -56.91
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         -13.88
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                      -19.03
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                -173.84
Net Income Change % - year over year                                    -173.84
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                        233.33
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                         105.88
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                           395.24
Revenue Change %, year over year                                         395.24
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                          (9,724)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                        (1,526)
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                         (9,724)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                          (9,724)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                         (9,724)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                       (1,526)
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                         (9,724)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                          (9,724)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              (10,823)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                   (1,847)
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (10,823)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             (10,746)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                           (3,599)
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  (1,824)
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                   (10,746)
Net Income available to common - most recent                            (9,724)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                            (1,526)
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                            (9,724)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                       (9,724)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                         (9,724)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                         (9,724)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                            8,822
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                            1,312
quarter ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - prior trailing                         2,647
12 month ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - trailing 12                            8,822
month ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                104
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                     70
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                 21
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                      104
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                        (9,724)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                        (9,724)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                 (548)
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                            (9,724)
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                            -30.99
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                           -17.99
(annualized)
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                             -30.99
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                            -31.78
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                           -18.32
(annualized)
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                             -31.78
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                           -31.78
Return on investment - most recent quarter                               -18.32
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                 -31.78
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               1,774
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               1,774
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             1,774
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             1,774
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                               11
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                                11
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                               0
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                             (518)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                         (343)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                              (65)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                 (313)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                             (78)
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                         (495)
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                            (351)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                            (518)
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            1,775
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           1,775
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            (577)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            (522)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                             (79)
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                           (349)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                 (548)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           (522)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                            (79)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                 (349)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (548)
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           (522)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                            (79)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                 (349)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (548)
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                            (522)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                           (301)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                             (281)
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                           (61)
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (320)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                             (81)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                         (504)
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                              (301)
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                                 6
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                             15
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                      4
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                  6
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                     .83
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                         .83
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            3.35
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                 264.87
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                      98.11
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                               3,076.87
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                       264.87
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                   .84
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                                .84
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                    .64
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                                .64
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .64
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .64
quarter
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                               -10,332.69
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                     -10,332.69
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                      -9,350.00
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                     -16,909.52
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                             -2,180.00
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                        -16,909.52
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                               -9,350.00
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                        -10,406.73
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                        -17,247.62
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                -2,638.57
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                 -10,406.73
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                            -9,350.00
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                           -16,909.52
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                   -2,180.00
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                     -9,350.00
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                         2,024.04
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                          864.29
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                          2,024.04
Float                                                                     12.40
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                         27,546
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             10.06
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            18.62
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          18.62
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         19.24
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          18.40
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              18.40
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                            15.97
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                              18.61
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         10.06
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            18.62
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           18.62
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           19.24
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            66.62



Efficiency Ratios
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                          33,263
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         33,263
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                            33,333
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           33,333
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             31,380
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                          32,638
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         32,638
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         28,566
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           32,638
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           32,638
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          32,648
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                          32,648
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent fiscal                              140
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent quarter                             140
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                              695
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                            695
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                                695
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                              695
USD)
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            102
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                102
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                             32,638
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                           32,638
USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                              77
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                             23
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                               77
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                       (5,610)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         (1,554)
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           (5,610)
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                         (291)
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                         5
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     10
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .01
Net Income/employee - most recent fiscal year                     (926,095,300)
('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - most recent quarter                         (510,064,100)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - trailing 12 month ('000                     (810,333,300)
USD)
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                             1.69
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 3.98
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   1.69
Revenue/employee - most recent fiscal year                             9,904.76
Revenue/employee - most recent quarter                                23,397.44
(annualized)
Revenue/employee - trailing 12 month                                   8,666.67
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                   47.86
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                       47.86
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                           33.98
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              1.77
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              1.77
quarter
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                       13.28
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                   13.28
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                             36.15
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                             -19.79
EPS Change % - year over year                                            -51.42
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                               -56.91
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         -13.88
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                      -19.03
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                -173.84
Net Income Change % - year over year                                    -173.84
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                        233.33
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                         105.88
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                           395.24
Revenue Change %, year over year                                         395.24
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                          (9,724)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                        (1,526)
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                         (9,724)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                          (9,724)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                         (9,724)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                       (1,526)
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                         (9,724)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                          (9,724)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              (10,823)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                   (1,847)
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (10,823)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             (10,746)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                           (3,599)
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  (1,824)
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                   (10,746)
Net Income available to common - most recent                            (9,724)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                            (1,526)
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                            (9,724)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                       (9,724)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                         (9,724)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                         (9,724)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                            8,822
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                            1,312
quarter ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - prior trailing                         2,647
12 month ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - trailing 12                            8,822
month ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                104
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                     70
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                 21
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                      104
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                        (9,724)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                        (9,724)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                 (548)
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                            (9,724)
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                            -30.99
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                           -17.99
(annualized)
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                             -30.99
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                            -31.78
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                           -18.32
(annualized)
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                             -31.78
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                           -31.78
Return on investment - most recent quarter                               -18.32
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                 -31.78
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               1,774
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               1,774
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             1,774
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             1,774
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                               11
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                                11
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                               0
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                             (518)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                         (343)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                              (65)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                 (313)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                             (78)
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                         (495)
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                            (351)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                            (518)
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            1,775
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           1,775
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            (577)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            (522)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                             (79)
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                           (349)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                 (548)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           (522)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                            (79)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                 (349)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (548)
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           (522)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                            (79)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                 (349)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (548)
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                            (522)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                           (301)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                             (281)
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                           (61)
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (320)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                             (81)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                         (504)
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                              (301)
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                                 6
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                             15
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                      4
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                  6
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                     .83
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                         .83
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            3.35
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                 264.87
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                      98.11
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                               3,076.87
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                       264.87
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                   .84
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                                .84
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                    .64
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                                .64
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .64
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .64
quarter
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                               -10,332.69
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                     -10,332.69
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                      -9,350.00
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                     -16,909.52
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                             -2,180.00
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                        -16,909.52
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                               -9,350.00
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                        -10,406.73
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                        -17,247.62
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                -2,638.57
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                 -10,406.73
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                            -9,350.00
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                           -16,909.52
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                   -2,180.00
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                     -9,350.00
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                         2,024.04
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                          864.29
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                          2,024.04
Float                                                                     12.40
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                         27,546
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             10.06
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            18.62
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          18.62
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         19.24
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          18.40
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              18.40
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                            15.97
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                              18.61
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         10.06
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            18.62
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           18.62
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           19.24
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            66.62



Financial Strength
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                          33,263
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         33,263
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                            33,333
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           33,333
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             31,380
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                          32,638
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         32,638
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         28,566
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           32,638
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           32,638
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          32,648
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                          32,648
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent fiscal                              140
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent quarter                             140
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                              695
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                            695
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                                695
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                              695
USD)
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            102
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                102
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                             32,638
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                           32,638
USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                              77
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                             23
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                               77
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                       (5,610)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         (1,554)
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           (5,610)
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                         (291)
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                         5
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     10
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .01
Net Income/employee - most recent fiscal year                     (926,095,300)
('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - most recent quarter                         (510,064,100)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - trailing 12 month ('000                     (810,333,300)
USD)
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                             1.69
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 3.98
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   1.69
Revenue/employee - most recent fiscal year                             9,904.76
Revenue/employee - most recent quarter                                23,397.44
(annualized)
Revenue/employee - trailing 12 month                                   8,666.67
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                   47.86
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                       47.86
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                           33.98
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              1.77
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              1.77
quarter
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                       13.28
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                   13.28
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                             36.15
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                             -19.79
EPS Change % - year over year                                            -51.42
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                               -56.91
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         -13.88
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                      -19.03
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                -173.84
Net Income Change % - year over year                                    -173.84
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                        233.33
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                         105.88
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                           395.24
Revenue Change %, year over year                                         395.24
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                          (9,724)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                        (1,526)
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                         (9,724)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                          (9,724)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                         (9,724)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                       (1,526)
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                         (9,724)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                          (9,724)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              (10,823)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                   (1,847)
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (10,823)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             (10,746)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                           (3,599)
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  (1,824)
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                   (10,746)
Net Income available to common - most recent                            (9,724)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                            (1,526)
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                            (9,724)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                       (9,724)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                         (9,724)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                         (9,724)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                            8,822
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                            1,312
quarter ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - prior trailing                         2,647
12 month ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - trailing 12                            8,822
month ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                104
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                     70
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                 21
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                      104
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                        (9,724)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                        (9,724)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                 (548)
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                            (9,724)
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                            -30.99
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                           -17.99
(annualized)
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                             -30.99
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                            -31.78
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                           -18.32
(annualized)
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                             -31.78
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                           -31.78
Return on investment - most recent quarter                               -18.32
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                 -31.78
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               1,774
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               1,774
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             1,774
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             1,774
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                               11
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                                11
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                               0
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                             (518)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                         (343)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                              (65)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                 (313)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                             (78)
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                         (495)
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                            (351)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                            (518)
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            1,775
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           1,775
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            (577)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            (522)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                             (79)
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                           (349)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                 (548)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           (522)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                            (79)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                 (349)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (548)
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           (522)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                            (79)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                 (349)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (548)
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                            (522)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                           (301)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                             (281)
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                           (61)
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (320)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                             (81)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                         (504)
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                              (301)
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                                 6
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                             15
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                      4
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                  6
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                     .83
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                         .83
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            3.35
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                 264.87
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                      98.11
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                               3,076.87
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                       264.87
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                   .84
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                                .84
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                    .64
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                                .64
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .64
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .64
quarter
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                               -10,332.69
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                     -10,332.69
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                      -9,350.00
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                     -16,909.52
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                             -2,180.00
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                        -16,909.52
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                               -9,350.00
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                        -10,406.73
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                        -17,247.62
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                -2,638.57
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                 -10,406.73
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                            -9,350.00
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                           -16,909.52
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                   -2,180.00
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                     -9,350.00
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                         2,024.04
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                          864.29
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                          2,024.04
Float                                                                     12.40
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                         27,546
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             10.06
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            18.62
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          18.62
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         19.24
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          18.40
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              18.40
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                            15.97
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                              18.61
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         10.06
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            18.62
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           18.62
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           19.24
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            66.62



Growth Rates
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                          33,263
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         33,263
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                            33,333
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           33,333
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             31,380
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                          32,638
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         32,638
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         28,566
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           32,638
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           32,638
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          32,648
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                          32,648
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent fiscal                              140
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent quarter                             140
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                              695
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                            695
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                                695
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                              695
USD)
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            102
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                102
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                             32,638
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                           32,638
USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                              77
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                             23
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                               77
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                       (5,610)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         (1,554)
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           (5,610)
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                         (291)
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                         5
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     10
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .01
Net Income/employee - most recent fiscal year                     (926,095,300)
('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - most recent quarter                         (510,064,100)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - trailing 12 month ('000                     (810,333,300)
USD)
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                             1.69
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 3.98
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   1.69
Revenue/employee - most recent fiscal year                             9,904.76
Revenue/employee - most recent quarter                                23,397.44
(annualized)
Revenue/employee - trailing 12 month                                   8,666.67
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                   47.86
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                       47.86
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                           33.98
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              1.77
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              1.77
quarter
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                       13.28
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                   13.28
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                             36.15
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                             -19.79
EPS Change % - year over year                                            -51.42
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                               -56.91
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         -13.88
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                      -19.03
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                -173.84
Net Income Change % - year over year                                    -173.84
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                        233.33
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                         105.88
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                           395.24
Revenue Change %, year over year                                         395.24
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                          (9,724)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                        (1,526)
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                         (9,724)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                          (9,724)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                         (9,724)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                       (1,526)
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                         (9,724)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                          (9,724)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              (10,823)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                   (1,847)
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (10,823)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             (10,746)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                           (3,599)
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  (1,824)
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                   (10,746)
Net Income available to common - most recent                            (9,724)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                            (1,526)
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                            (9,724)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                       (9,724)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                         (9,724)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                         (9,724)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                            8,822
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                            1,312
quarter ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - prior trailing                         2,647
12 month ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - trailing 12                            8,822
month ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                104
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                     70
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                 21
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                      104
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                        (9,724)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                        (9,724)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                 (548)
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                            (9,724)
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                            -30.99
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                           -17.99
(annualized)
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                             -30.99
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                            -31.78
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                           -18.32
(annualized)
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                             -31.78
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                           -31.78
Return on investment - most recent quarter                               -18.32
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                 -31.78
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               1,774
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               1,774
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             1,774
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             1,774
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                               11
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                                11
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                               0
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                             (518)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                         (343)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                              (65)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                 (313)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                             (78)
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                         (495)
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                            (351)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                            (518)
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            1,775
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           1,775
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            (577)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            (522)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                             (79)
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                           (349)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                 (548)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           (522)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                            (79)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                 (349)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (548)
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           (522)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                            (79)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                 (349)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (548)
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                            (522)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                           (301)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                             (281)
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                           (61)
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (320)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                             (81)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                         (504)
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                              (301)
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                                 6
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                             15
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                      4
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                  6
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                     .83
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                         .83
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            3.35
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                 264.87
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                      98.11
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                               3,076.87
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                       264.87
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                   .84
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                                .84
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                    .64
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                                .64
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .64
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .64
quarter
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                               -10,332.69
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                     -10,332.69
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                      -9,350.00
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                     -16,909.52
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                             -2,180.00
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                        -16,909.52
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                               -9,350.00
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                        -10,406.73
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                        -17,247.62
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                -2,638.57
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                 -10,406.73
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                            -9,350.00
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                           -16,909.52
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                   -2,180.00
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                     -9,350.00
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                         2,024.04
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                          864.29
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                          2,024.04
Float                                                                     12.40
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                         27,546
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             10.06
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            18.62
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          18.62
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         19.24
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          18.40
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              18.40
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                            15.97
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                              18.61
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         10.06
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            18.62
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           18.62
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           19.24
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            66.62



Income Statement
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                          33,263
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         33,263
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                            33,333
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           33,333
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             31,380
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                          32,638
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         32,638
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         28,566
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           32,638
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           32,638
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          32,648
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                          32,648
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent fiscal                              140
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent quarter                             140
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                              695
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                            695
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                                695
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                              695
USD)
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            102
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                102
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                             32,638
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                           32,638
USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                              77
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                             23
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                               77
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                       (5,610)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         (1,554)
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           (5,610)
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                         (291)
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                         5
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     10
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .01
Net Income/employee - most recent fiscal year                     (926,095,300)
('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - most recent quarter                         (510,064,100)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - trailing 12 month ('000                     (810,333,300)
USD)
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                             1.69
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 3.98
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   1.69
Revenue/employee - most recent fiscal year                             9,904.76
Revenue/employee - most recent quarter                                23,397.44
(annualized)
Revenue/employee - trailing 12 month                                   8,666.67
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                   47.86
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                       47.86
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                           33.98
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              1.77
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              1.77
quarter
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                       13.28
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                   13.28
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                             36.15
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                             -19.79
EPS Change % - year over year                                            -51.42
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                               -56.91
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         -13.88
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                      -19.03
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                -173.84
Net Income Change % - year over year                                    -173.84
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                        233.33
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                         105.88
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                           395.24
Revenue Change %, year over year                                         395.24
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                          (9,724)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                        (1,526)
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                         (9,724)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                          (9,724)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                         (9,724)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                       (1,526)
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                         (9,724)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                          (9,724)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              (10,823)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                   (1,847)
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (10,823)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             (10,746)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                           (3,599)
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  (1,824)
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                   (10,746)
Net Income available to common - most recent                            (9,724)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                            (1,526)
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                            (9,724)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                       (9,724)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                         (9,724)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                         (9,724)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                            8,822
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                            1,312
quarter ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - prior trailing                         2,647
12 month ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - trailing 12                            8,822
month ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                104
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                     70
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                 21
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                      104
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                        (9,724)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                        (9,724)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                 (548)
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                            (9,724)
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                            -30.99
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                           -17.99
(annualized)
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                             -30.99
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                            -31.78
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                           -18.32
(annualized)
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                             -31.78
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                           -31.78
Return on investment - most recent quarter                               -18.32
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                 -31.78
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               1,774
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               1,774
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             1,774
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             1,774
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                               11
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                                11
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                               0
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                             (518)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                         (343)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                              (65)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                 (313)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                             (78)
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                         (495)
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                            (351)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                            (518)
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            1,775
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           1,775
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            (577)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            (522)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                             (79)
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                           (349)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                 (548)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           (522)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                            (79)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                 (349)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (548)
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           (522)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                            (79)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                 (349)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (548)
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                            (522)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                           (301)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                             (281)
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                           (61)
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (320)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                             (81)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                         (504)
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                              (301)
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                                 6
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                             15
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                      4
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                  6
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                     .83
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                         .83
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            3.35
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                 264.87
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                      98.11
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                               3,076.87
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                       264.87
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                   .84
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                                .84
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                    .64
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                                .64
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .64
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .64
quarter
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                               -10,332.69
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                     -10,332.69
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                      -9,350.00
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                     -16,909.52
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                             -2,180.00
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                        -16,909.52
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                               -9,350.00
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                        -10,406.73
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                        -17,247.62
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                -2,638.57
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                 -10,406.73
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                            -9,350.00
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                           -16,909.52
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                   -2,180.00
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                     -9,350.00
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                         2,024.04
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                          864.29
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                          2,024.04
Float                                                                     12.40
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                         27,546
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             10.06
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            18.62
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          18.62
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         19.24
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          18.40
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              18.40
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                            15.97
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                              18.61
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         10.06
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            18.62
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           18.62
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           19.24
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            66.62



Management Effectiveness
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                          33,263
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         33,263
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                            33,333
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           33,333
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             31,380
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                          32,638
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         32,638
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         28,566
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           32,638
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           32,638
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          32,648
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                          32,648
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent fiscal                              140
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent quarter                             140
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                              695
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                            695
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                                695
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                              695
USD)
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            102
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                102
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                             32,638
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                           32,638
USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                              77
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                             23
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                               77
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                       (5,610)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         (1,554)
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           (5,610)
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                         (291)
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                         5
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     10
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .01
Net Income/employee - most recent fiscal year                     (926,095,300)
('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - most recent quarter                         (510,064,100)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - trailing 12 month ('000                     (810,333,300)
USD)
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                             1.69
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 3.98
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   1.69
Revenue/employee - most recent fiscal year                             9,904.76
Revenue/employee - most recent quarter                                23,397.44
(annualized)
Revenue/employee - trailing 12 month                                   8,666.67
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                   47.86
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                       47.86
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                           33.98
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              1.77
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              1.77
quarter
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                       13.28
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                   13.28
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                             36.15
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                             -19.79
EPS Change % - year over year                                            -51.42
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                               -56.91
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         -13.88
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                      -19.03
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                -173.84
Net Income Change % - year over year                                    -173.84
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                        233.33
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                         105.88
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                           395.24
Revenue Change %, year over year                                         395.24
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                          (9,724)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                        (1,526)
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                         (9,724)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                          (9,724)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                         (9,724)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                       (1,526)
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                         (9,724)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                          (9,724)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              (10,823)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                   (1,847)
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (10,823)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             (10,746)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                           (3,599)
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  (1,824)
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                   (10,746)
Net Income available to common - most recent                            (9,724)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                            (1,526)
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                            (9,724)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                       (9,724)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                         (9,724)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                         (9,724)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                            8,822
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                            1,312
quarter ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - prior trailing                         2,647
12 month ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - trailing 12                            8,822
month ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                104
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                     70
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                 21
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                      104
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                        (9,724)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                        (9,724)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                 (548)
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                            (9,724)
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                            -30.99
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                           -17.99
(annualized)
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                             -30.99
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                            -31.78
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                           -18.32
(annualized)
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                             -31.78
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                           -31.78
Return on investment - most recent quarter                               -18.32
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                 -31.78
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               1,774
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               1,774
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             1,774
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             1,774
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                               11
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                                11
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                               0
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                             (518)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                         (343)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                              (65)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                 (313)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                             (78)
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                         (495)
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                            (351)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                            (518)
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            1,775
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           1,775
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            (577)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            (522)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                             (79)
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                           (349)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                 (548)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           (522)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                            (79)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                 (349)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (548)
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           (522)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                            (79)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                 (349)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (548)
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                            (522)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                           (301)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                             (281)
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                           (61)
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (320)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                             (81)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                         (504)
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                              (301)
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                                 6
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                             15
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                      4
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                  6
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                     .83
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                         .83
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            3.35
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                 264.87
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                      98.11
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                               3,076.87
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                       264.87
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                   .84
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                                .84
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                    .64
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                                .64
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .64
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .64
quarter
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                               -10,332.69
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                     -10,332.69
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                      -9,350.00
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                     -16,909.52
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                             -2,180.00
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                        -16,909.52
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                               -9,350.00
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                        -10,406.73
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                        -17,247.62
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                -2,638.57
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                 -10,406.73
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                            -9,350.00
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                           -16,909.52
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                   -2,180.00
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                     -9,350.00
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                         2,024.04
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                          864.29
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                          2,024.04
Float                                                                     12.40
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                         27,546
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             10.06
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            18.62
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          18.62
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         19.24
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          18.40
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              18.40
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                            15.97
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                              18.61
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         10.06
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            18.62
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           18.62
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           19.24
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            66.62



Per Share Ratios
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                          33,263
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         33,263
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                            33,333
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           33,333
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             31,380
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                          32,638
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         32,638
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         28,566
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           32,638
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           32,638
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          32,648
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                          32,648
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent fiscal                              140
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent quarter                             140
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                              695
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                            695
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                                695
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                              695
USD)
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            102
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                102
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                             32,638
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                           32,638
USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                              77
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                             23
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                               77
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                       (5,610)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         (1,554)
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           (5,610)
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                         (291)
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                         5
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     10
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .01
Net Income/employee - most recent fiscal year                     (926,095,300)
('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - most recent quarter                         (510,064,100)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - trailing 12 month ('000                     (810,333,300)
USD)
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                             1.69
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 3.98
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   1.69
Revenue/employee - most recent fiscal year                             9,904.76
Revenue/employee - most recent quarter                                23,397.44
(annualized)
Revenue/employee - trailing 12 month                                   8,666.67
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                   47.86
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                       47.86
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                           33.98
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              1.77
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              1.77
quarter
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                       13.28
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                   13.28
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                             36.15
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                             -19.79
EPS Change % - year over year                                            -51.42
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                               -56.91
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         -13.88
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                      -19.03
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                -173.84
Net Income Change % - year over year                                    -173.84
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                        233.33
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                         105.88
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                           395.24
Revenue Change %, year over year                                         395.24
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                          (9,724)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                        (1,526)
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                         (9,724)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                          (9,724)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                         (9,724)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                       (1,526)
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                         (9,724)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                          (9,724)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              (10,823)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                   (1,847)
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (10,823)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             (10,746)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                           (3,599)
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  (1,824)
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                   (10,746)
Net Income available to common - most recent                            (9,724)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                            (1,526)
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                            (9,724)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                       (9,724)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                         (9,724)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                         (9,724)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                            8,822
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                            1,312
quarter ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - prior trailing                         2,647
12 month ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - trailing 12                            8,822
month ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                104
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                     70
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                 21
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                      104
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                        (9,724)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                        (9,724)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                 (548)
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                            (9,724)
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                            -30.99
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                           -17.99
(annualized)
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                             -30.99
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                            -31.78
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                           -18.32
(annualized)
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                             -31.78
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                           -31.78
Return on investment - most recent quarter                               -18.32
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                 -31.78
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               1,774
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               1,774
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             1,774
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             1,774
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                               11
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                                11
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                               0
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                             (518)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                         (343)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                              (65)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                 (313)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                             (78)
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                         (495)
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                            (351)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                            (518)
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            1,775
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           1,775
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            (577)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            (522)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                             (79)
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                           (349)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                 (548)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           (522)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                            (79)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                 (349)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (548)
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           (522)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                            (79)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                 (349)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (548)
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                            (522)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                           (301)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                             (281)
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                           (61)
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (320)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                             (81)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                         (504)
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                              (301)
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                                 6
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                             15
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                      4
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                  6
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                     .83
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                         .83
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            3.35
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                 264.87
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                      98.11
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                               3,076.87
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                       264.87
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                   .84
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                                .84
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                    .64
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                                .64
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .64
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .64
quarter
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                               -10,332.69
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                     -10,332.69
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                      -9,350.00
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                     -16,909.52
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                             -2,180.00
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                        -16,909.52
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                               -9,350.00
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                        -10,406.73
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                        -17,247.62
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                -2,638.57
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                 -10,406.73
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                            -9,350.00
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                           -16,909.52
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                   -2,180.00
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                     -9,350.00
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                         2,024.04
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                          864.29
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                          2,024.04
Float                                                                     12.40
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                         27,546
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             10.06
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            18.62
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          18.62
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         19.24
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          18.40
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              18.40
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                            15.97
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                              18.61
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         10.06
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            18.62
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           18.62
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           19.24
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            66.62



Price Related
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                          33,263
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         33,263
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                            33,333
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           33,333
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             31,380
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                          32,638
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         32,638
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         28,566
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           32,638
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           32,638
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          32,648
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                          32,648
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent fiscal                              140
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent quarter                             140
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                              695
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                            695
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                                695
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                              695
USD)
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            102
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                102
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                             32,638
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                           32,638
USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                              77
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                             23
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                               77
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                       (5,610)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         (1,554)
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           (5,610)
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                         (291)
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                         5
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     10
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .01
Net Income/employee - most recent fiscal year                     (926,095,300)
('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - most recent quarter                         (510,064,100)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - trailing 12 month ('000                     (810,333,300)
USD)
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                             1.69
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 3.98
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   1.69
Revenue/employee - most recent fiscal year                             9,904.76
Revenue/employee - most recent quarter                                23,397.44
(annualized)
Revenue/employee - trailing 12 month                                   8,666.67
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                   47.86
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                       47.86
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                           33.98
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              1.77
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              1.77
quarter
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                       13.28
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                   13.28
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                             36.15
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                             -19.79
EPS Change % - year over year                                            -51.42
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                               -56.91
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         -13.88
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                      -19.03
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                -173.84
Net Income Change % - year over year                                    -173.84
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                        233.33
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                         105.88
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                           395.24
Revenue Change %, year over year                                         395.24
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                          (9,724)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                        (1,526)
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                         (9,724)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                          (9,724)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                         (9,724)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                       (1,526)
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                         (9,724)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                          (9,724)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              (10,823)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                   (1,847)
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (10,823)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             (10,746)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                           (3,599)
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  (1,824)
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                   (10,746)
Net Income available to common - most recent                            (9,724)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                            (1,526)
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                            (9,724)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                       (9,724)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                         (9,724)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                         (9,724)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                            8,822
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                            1,312
quarter ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - prior trailing                         2,647
12 month ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - trailing 12                            8,822
month ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                104
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                     70
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                 21
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                      104
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                        (9,724)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                        (9,724)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                 (548)
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                            (9,724)
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                            -30.99
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                           -17.99
(annualized)
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                             -30.99
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                            -31.78
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                           -18.32
(annualized)
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                             -31.78
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                           -31.78
Return on investment - most recent quarter                               -18.32
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                 -31.78
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               1,774
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               1,774
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             1,774
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             1,774
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                               11
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                                11
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                               0
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                             (518)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                         (343)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                              (65)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                 (313)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                             (78)
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                         (495)
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                            (351)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                            (518)
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            1,775
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           1,775
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            (577)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            (522)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                             (79)
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                           (349)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                 (548)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           (522)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                            (79)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                 (349)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (548)
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           (522)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                            (79)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                 (349)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (548)
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                            (522)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                           (301)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                             (281)
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                           (61)
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (320)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                             (81)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                         (504)
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                              (301)
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                                 6
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                             15
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                      4
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                  6
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                     .83
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                         .83
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            3.35
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                 264.87
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                      98.11
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                               3,076.87
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                       264.87
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                   .84
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                                .84
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                    .64
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                                .64
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .64
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .64
quarter
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                               -10,332.69
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                     -10,332.69
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                      -9,350.00
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                     -16,909.52
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                             -2,180.00
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                        -16,909.52
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                               -9,350.00
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                        -10,406.73
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                        -17,247.62
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                -2,638.57
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                 -10,406.73
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                            -9,350.00
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                           -16,909.52
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                   -2,180.00
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                     -9,350.00
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                         2,024.04
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                          864.29
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                          2,024.04
Float                                                                     12.40
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                         27,546
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             10.06
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            18.62
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          18.62
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         19.24
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          18.40
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              18.40
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                            15.97
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                              18.61
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         10.06
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            18.62
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           18.62
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           19.24
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            66.62



Profitability Ratios
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                          33,263
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         33,263
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                            33,333
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           33,333
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             31,380
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                          32,638
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         32,638
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         28,566
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           32,638
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           32,638
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          32,648
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                          32,648
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent fiscal                              140
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent quarter                             140
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                              695
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                            695
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                                695
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                              695
USD)
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            102
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                102
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                             32,638
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                           32,638
USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                              77
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                             23
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                               77
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                       (5,610)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         (1,554)
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           (5,610)
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                         (291)
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                         5
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     10
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .01
Net Income/employee - most recent fiscal year                     (926,095,300)
('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - most recent quarter                         (510,064,100)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - trailing 12 month ('000                     (810,333,300)
USD)
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                             1.69
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 3.98
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   1.69
Revenue/employee - most recent fiscal year                             9,904.76
Revenue/employee - most recent quarter                                23,397.44
(annualized)
Revenue/employee - trailing 12 month                                   8,666.67
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                   47.86
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                       47.86
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                           33.98
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              1.77
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              1.77
quarter
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                       13.28
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                   13.28
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                             36.15
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                             -19.79
EPS Change % - year over year                                            -51.42
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                               -56.91
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         -13.88
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                      -19.03
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                -173.84
Net Income Change % - year over year                                    -173.84
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                        233.33
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                         105.88
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                           395.24
Revenue Change %, year over year                                         395.24
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                          (9,724)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                        (1,526)
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                         (9,724)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                          (9,724)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                         (9,724)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                       (1,526)
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                         (9,724)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                          (9,724)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              (10,823)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                   (1,847)
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (10,823)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             (10,746)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                           (3,599)
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  (1,824)
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                   (10,746)
Net Income available to common - most recent                            (9,724)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                            (1,526)
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                            (9,724)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                       (9,724)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                         (9,724)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                         (9,724)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                            8,822
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                            1,312
quarter ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - prior trailing                         2,647
12 month ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - trailing 12                            8,822
month ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                104
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                     70
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                 21
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                      104
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                        (9,724)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                        (9,724)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                 (548)
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                            (9,724)
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                            -30.99
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                           -17.99
(annualized)
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                             -30.99
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                            -31.78
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                           -18.32
(annualized)
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                             -31.78
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                           -31.78
Return on investment - most recent quarter                               -18.32
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                 -31.78
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               1,774
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               1,774
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             1,774
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             1,774
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                               11
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                                11
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                               0
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                             (518)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                         (343)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                              (65)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                 (313)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                             (78)
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                         (495)
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                            (351)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                            (518)
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            1,775
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           1,775
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            (577)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            (522)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                             (79)
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                           (349)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                 (548)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           (522)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                            (79)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                 (349)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (548)
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           (522)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                            (79)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                 (349)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (548)
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                            (522)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                           (301)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                             (281)
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                           (61)
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (320)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                             (81)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                         (504)
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                              (301)
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                                 6
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                             15
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                      4
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                  6
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                     .83
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                         .83
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            3.35
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                 264.87
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                      98.11
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                               3,076.87
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                       264.87
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                   .84
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                                .84
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                    .64
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                                .64
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .64
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .64
quarter
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                               -10,332.69
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                     -10,332.69
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                      -9,350.00
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                     -16,909.52
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                             -2,180.00
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                        -16,909.52
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                               -9,350.00
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                        -10,406.73
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                        -17,247.62
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                -2,638.57
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                 -10,406.73
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                            -9,350.00
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                           -16,909.52
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                   -2,180.00
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                     -9,350.00
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                         2,024.04
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                          864.29
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                          2,024.04
Float                                                                     12.40
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                         27,546
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             10.06
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            18.62
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          18.62
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         19.24
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          18.40
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              18.40
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                            15.97
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                              18.61
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         10.06
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            18.62
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           18.62
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           19.24
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            66.62



Share Related Items
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                          33,263
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         33,263
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                            33,333
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           33,333
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             31,380
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                          32,638
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         32,638
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         28,566
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           32,638
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           32,638
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          32,648
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                          32,648
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent fiscal                              140
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent quarter                             140
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                              695
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                            695
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                                695
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                              695
USD)
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            102
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                102
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                             32,638
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                           32,638
USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                              77
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                             23
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                               77
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                       (5,610)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         (1,554)
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           (5,610)
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                         (291)
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                         5
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     10
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .01
Net Income/employee - most recent fiscal year                     (926,095,300)
('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - most recent quarter                         (510,064,100)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - trailing 12 month ('000                     (810,333,300)
USD)
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                             1.69
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 3.98
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   1.69
Revenue/employee - most recent fiscal year                             9,904.76
Revenue/employee - most recent quarter                                23,397.44
(annualized)
Revenue/employee - trailing 12 month                                   8,666.67
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                   47.86
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                       47.86
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                           33.98
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              1.77
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              1.77
quarter
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                       13.28
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                   13.28
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                             36.15
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                             -19.79
EPS Change % - year over year                                            -51.42
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                               -56.91
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         -13.88
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                      -19.03
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                -173.84
Net Income Change % - year over year                                    -173.84
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                        233.33
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                         105.88
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                           395.24
Revenue Change %, year over year                                         395.24
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                          (9,724)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                        (1,526)
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                         (9,724)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                          (9,724)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                         (9,724)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                       (1,526)
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                         (9,724)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                          (9,724)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              (10,823)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                   (1,847)
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (10,823)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             (10,746)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                           (3,599)
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  (1,824)
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                   (10,746)
Net Income available to common - most recent                            (9,724)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                            (1,526)
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                            (9,724)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                       (9,724)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                         (9,724)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                         (9,724)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                            8,822
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                            1,312
quarter ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - prior trailing                         2,647
12 month ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - trailing 12                            8,822
month ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                104
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                     70
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                 21
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                      104
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                        (9,724)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                        (9,724)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                 (548)
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                            (9,724)
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                            -30.99
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                           -17.99
(annualized)
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                             -30.99
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                            -31.78
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                           -18.32
(annualized)
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                             -31.78
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                           -31.78
Return on investment - most recent quarter                               -18.32
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                 -31.78
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               1,774
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               1,774
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             1,774
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             1,774
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                               11
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                                11
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                               0
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                             (518)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                         (343)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                              (65)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                 (313)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                             (78)
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                         (495)
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                            (351)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                            (518)
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            1,775
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           1,775
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            (577)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            (522)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                             (79)
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                           (349)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                 (548)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           (522)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                            (79)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                 (349)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (548)
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           (522)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                            (79)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                 (349)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (548)
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                            (522)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                           (301)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                             (281)
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                           (61)
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (320)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                             (81)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                         (504)
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                              (301)
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                                 6
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                             15
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                      4
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                  6
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                     .83
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                         .83
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            3.35
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                 264.87
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                      98.11
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                               3,076.87
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                       264.87
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                   .84
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                                .84
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                    .64
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                                .64
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .64
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .64
quarter
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                               -10,332.69
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                     -10,332.69
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                      -9,350.00
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                     -16,909.52
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                             -2,180.00
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                        -16,909.52
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                               -9,350.00
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                        -10,406.73
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                        -17,247.62
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                -2,638.57
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                 -10,406.73
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                            -9,350.00
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                           -16,909.52
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                   -2,180.00
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                     -9,350.00
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                         2,024.04
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                          864.29
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                          2,024.04
Float                                                                     12.40
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                         27,546
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             10.06
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            18.62
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          18.62
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         19.24
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          18.40
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              18.40
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                            15.97
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                              18.61
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         10.06
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            18.62
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           18.62
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           19.24
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            66.62

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
SECURITY TYPE: Ordinary Shares
EXCHANGE: NASDAQ
TOTAL SHARES OUTSTANDING: 18,612,278
NUMBER OF SHAREHOLDERS: 93
LISTING TYPE:  Ordinary Shares

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: KPMG LLP

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2017


                              10 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Medical Device Daily

                           January 18, 2001 Thursday

Product Briefs

LENGTH: 964 words

Product Briefs

·Advanced Neuromodulation Systems (ANS; Plano, Texas) has received conditional
investigational device exemption approval from the FDA to initiate clinical
trials of its AccuRx Constant Flow Implantable Pump, which is designed to treat
chronic, intractable pain of malignant or nonmalignant origin using intrathecal
or epidural infusion of preservative-free morphine. ANS said the FDA approved
the clinical study of 109 patients at 12 U.S. sites. The company said AccuRx
implants are expected to begin in the first quarter. The study is designed to
gather safety and reliability data to support a premarket approval application
for ANS' AccuRx device.

· CryoLife (Atlanta, Georgia) maker of living tissue implantable devices and a
manufacturer and distributor of stentless heart valves and surgical adhesives,
has expanded its human vascular graft program to include a new method of
preserving vascular tissue used as an A-V (arteriovenous) access graft for
application with dialysis patients. The new vascular graft, called CryoVein SG,
incorporates CryoLife's SynerGraft technology into preserved human vascular
grafts. The SynerGraft technology depopulates the native cells of the donor
femoral vein providing a collagen matrix that has the potential to repopulate
itself with the patient's own cells, possibly eliminating the risk of tissue
rejection and reducing the risk of infection in implanted patients. The CryoVein
SG is directed toward patients who have experienced negative reactions to
synthetic or tissue A-V access grafts and require replacement grafts that reduce
risk of infection and provide for long-term functionality.

·Datascope (Montvale, New Jersey) said that its InterVascular subsidiary has
received FDA clearance to market the InterGard Heparin vascular graft. According
to the company, InterGard Heparin is the first vascular prosthesis incorporating
a drug to be cleared by the FDA for U.S. sales. Vascular graft occlusion, due to
the development of a blood clot or thrombus, is recognized as the most frequent
cause for failure of small caliber vascular prostheses and is associated with a
high risk of limb loss. InterGard Heparin is a drug/device combination which has
demonstrated clinically significant improved patient outcomes and higher patency
rates compared to small caliber grafts which are made of PTFE material
(primarily Teflon) says the company. InterGard Heparin is planned to begin
shipping in the U.S. during 4Q01 and will be priced at a premium to competitive
grafts. Datascope is a medical device company that makes products for clinical
health care markets in interventional cardiology and radiology, cardiovascular
and vascular surgery, anesthesiology, emergency medicine and critical care.

·Eclipsys (Delray Beach, Florida) a provider of information solutions that help
health care organizations (HCOs) achieve improved clinical, financial and
satisfaction outcomes, has introduced the Sunrise Surgery Manager, a surgical
process-management application. Sunrise Surgery Manager automates scheduling,
preference-card management, perioperative management and surgical charting.

·Molecular Devices (Sunnyvale, California) has been issued a U.S. patent that
covers key features of its line of microplate reader systems. These products,
together with the company's SOFTmax PRO software, are used in the growing market
of laboratory automation tools for drug discovery and life science research.
Using the covered microplate reader systems, pharmaceutical, biotechnology, and
academic research scientists can analyze up to 384 samples in the UV, visible
and near-infrared spectrum in as little as 16 seconds, according to the company.
Common biological applications include automated ELISA, protein, DNA, endotoxin
and enzyme assays.

·Siemens Medical Solutions (Iselin, New Jersey) has completed another milestone
in its U.S. clinical testing of a new extracorporeal shock wave therapy system
for the treatment of patients with lateral epicondylitis, a condition commonly
referred to as tennis elbow. An early analysis of the study data from a small
subset of patients has provided encouraging results and has committed the
company to continued testing of this product to further evaluate the safety and
efficacy profile of this system. Clinical testing of the system, which is
marketed in Europe and Canada as the Siemens Sonocur system for the treatment of
chronic pain disorders, has been under way since 1999. These studies have
focused on the treatment of patients with chronic tennis elbow, which is a
common tendon irritation that is often caused by repetitive motion of the hand
and forearm.

·Surfacine Development (Boston, Massachusetts) has been granted a U. S. patent
for its permanent antimicrobial coating technology, Surfacine .It was developed
for use on medical devices as well as other surfaces where extended
antimicrobial protection is desired This is the seventh U. S. patent granted to
Surfacine, which also is protected by 10 international patents. The
medical-grade coating is factory applied to provide protection from
gram-negative and gram-positive bacteria, yeast and mold for the effective life
of the product.

·Xanthon (Research Triangle, North Carolina) said that a U.S. patent has been
issued to the company. The patent is a divisional application of another patent
titled "Electrochemical Detection of Nucleic Acid Hybridization" that is
exclusively licensed on a worldwide basis by Xanthon from the University of
North Carolina at Chapel Hill. The new issued patent describes a device
providing electrodes for electrochemical detection of reactions between members
of specific binding pairs. Future applications will include products for SNP
analysis, protein detection and clinical diagnostics.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                          Copyright 2001 AHC Media LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              11 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Medical Device Daily

                            August 21, 2012 Tuesday

Report from Europe: Gore reports receiving CE mark for its Hybrid Vascular Graft

LENGTH: 960 words

A Medical Device Daily Staff Report

W. L. Gore & Associates (Flagstaff, Arizona) has received the CE mark for the
Gore Hybrid Vascular Graft. The graft is designed to expand treatment options
for optimal outflow by maximizing the number of access sites available. Twelve
month follow-up data for newly created access implants demonstrates a trend
towards significant improvement in functional graft patency and reduction in
seroma, as compared to historical graft data. Since commercialization, there
have been more than 2,500 successful implants of the Hybrid Vascular Graft in
patients suffering occlusive or aneurysmal diseases, in trauma patients
requiring vascular replacement, for dialysis access, and other vascular
procedures.

The Gore Hybrid Vascular Graft, which received FDA clearance in 2010, is
indicated for use as a vascular prosthesis for replacement or bypass of diseased
vessels impacted by aortic aneurysmal, peripheral vascular and end stage renal
disease. The device is designed to address the most common causes of graft
failure; intimal hyperplasia, thrombosis, and seroma. The device simplifies
access to vessels with an optional over the wire deployment method that reduces
vessel injury and dissection. The graft has been used to create new access sites
in anatomical locations that would have otherwise been abandoned, preserving the
amount of access sites available throughout the patient's long-term therapy.

"The Gore Hybrid Vascular Graft, for the first time, palpably bridges the gap
between traditional vascular and endovascular surgery. It is the first
significant innovation in vascular grafts in years, providing tremendous
versatility," said Jean Bismuth, MD, Assistant Professor at the Methodist
DeBakey Heart and Vascular Center (Houston). "The Gore Hybrid Vascular Graft
allows the surgeon to create a sutureless anastomosis and displays significant
potential for improving hemodynamics."

The graft combines several Gore technologies. The expanded
polytetrafluoroethylene (ePTFE) vascular prosthesis has a section reinforced
with nitinol. The nitinol reinforced section is partially constrained to allow
for easy insertion and deployment into vessels that are difficult to reach or in
challenging anatomical locations. It is the only combination graft of its kind
that incorporates Carmeda BioActive Surface with covalently bonded heparin,
resulting in a proven thromboresistant surface.

Abbott reports CE mark for Xience Xpedition DES

Abbott (Abbott Park, Illinois) reported that its Xience Xpedition everolimus
eluting coronary stent sytem received the CE mark for the treatment of coronary
artery disease. The company is launching the product immediately in CE mark
countries.

Xience Xpedition features a new stent delivery system designed to optimize acute
performance, particularly in challenging coronary anatomies. the stent is
available with a broad range of indications, including use with a minimum
duration of three months of dual anti-platelet therapy (DAPT).

"The extraordinary deliverability of the new Xience Xpedition drug eluting stent
system allows physicians to treat particularly complex coronary disease with
great ease and confidence," said Evald Christiansen, MD, PhD, interventional
cardiologist, Department of Cardiology, Aarhus University Hospital (Skejby,
Denmark), who treated the first patient with Xience Xpedition. "Supported by
robust clinical evidence from the SPIRIT family of trials, and with a broad
range of indications, Xience Xpedition is an important advancement in drug
eluting stent technology."

The Xience family of stents maintains one of the broadest ranges of CE mark
indications of drug eluting stents on the market in Europe. Specifically, Xience
Xpedition has indications to treat patients with complex disease such as
diabetes, as well as an indication for a minimum duration of three months of
DAPT. This indication represents an important advantage, as three months of DAPT
is the shortest duration required for any major drug eluting stent offered in
Europe. Long-term compliance to DAPT can be a challenge for patients and can
lead to additional safety risks such as increased bleeding events. In addition,
having a shorter DAPT duration after stent implantation may be beneficial in
case a patient needs to interrupt or discontinue the medication prior to surgery
or for other considerations.

"With Xience Xpedition's excellent deliverability, broad size matrix and the
option to discontinue or interrupt DAPT after three months, physicians in Europe
now have a new, comprehensive offering to address the challenges of treating
patients with complex coronary artery disease," said Charles Simonton, MD,
divisional vice president, Medical Affairs, and chief medical officer, Abbott
Vascular. "With Xience Xpedition, Abbott continues its commitment to advancing
drug eluting stent technology to improve product performance and patient
outcomes."

The stend is available in one of the broadest size matrices on the European
market, with diameters ranging from 2.25 mm to 4 mm, including a unique 3.25 mm
diameter, and lengths from 8 mm to 38 mm.

Neusoft gets CE mark for Attrius PET System

Positron (Chicago), a molecular imaging healthcare company, reported that
Neusoft Positron Medical Systems has received ISO certification (9001:2008 &
13485:2003) and CE mark approval for its Attrius PET Systems. Neusoft Positron
Medical Systems is a joint venture between Neusoft Medical Systems and Positron
for the development and manufacturing of PET systems and is based out of
Shenyang, China.

Neusoft has established and applies a quality management system and management
system for medical devices in design and development, manufacture, distribution
and service of PET scanners.

LOAD-DATE: September 4, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                          Copyright 2012 AHC Media LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              12 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         The Thomas Tribune (Oklahoma)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 March 26, 2015

Graft greeted on return home

BYLINE: The Thomas Tribune staff

LENGTH: 357  words


C.B. Graft was able to return home from the Cleveland Clinic in Cleveland, Ohio
after eight months and 12 days from entering the hospital to receive a liver
transplant. He received cheers last Thursday as warm-wishers lined the road to
Graft's home west of Clinton.

Unconscious when he left Oklahoma City on July 7, 2014, Graft returned home with
a new liver and an even greater appreciation for his family, his neighbors and
his God, Clinton Daily News reporter Gerald Green wrote.

In Cleveland, Graft underwent surgery, receiving 68 percent of a liver donated
by his youngest son, Jordan. That was Oct. 13, 2014. Next came months of
rehabilitation.

"Western Oklahoma has some great people, salt of the earth," Graft told CDN.

"We want to give our heartfelt thanks to the people of this area," agreed his
wife Tricia.

"Not only Clinton, but also Thomas, Leedey, Putnam, the whole area," added Graft
.

Graft explained he is unable to mix with crowds yet because his immune system is
still weak.

Surgeons removed not only his liver, but his spleen, too. C.B. wanted the public
to know what caused his illness. After speaking with doctors in Cleveland, he
said, they felt a cardiologist had given Graft the wrong medication. Grafts
platelets were so low that he had to live on regular blood transfusions.

Graft was in the hospital in Cleveland for three months before he was approved
by the 24 member transplant committee for the surgery. At 73, C.B. is the oldest
person ever to receive a liver from a living donor at the Cleveland Clinic.

C.B. had a law office in Thomas located on Broadway for over three decades. He
was the main attorney who worked for 11 years and successfully won the
Putnam-Oswego class action lawsuit in 2012 against Exxon-Mobile. The lawsuit was
to recover charges that were applied to mineral owners incorrectly. Over 2,100
royalty owners in Custer and southern Dewey County shared $30-million.

C.B. was also influential for TFC schools. He was the legal advisor for Hazel
Cross and helped her set up the Hazel Cross Foundation that gives scholarships
to many graduating high school seniors who apply and grants to TFC teachers.

LOAD-DATE: April 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Health

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TMS

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2015 The Thomas Tribune


                              13 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 30, 2014 Thursday

US Patent granted to W.L. Gore & Associates, Inc (Delaware) on October 28,
titled as "Method of deploying a bifurcated side-access intravascular stent
graft"

LENGTH: 258  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 8,870,946, on
October 28, 2014, to W.L. Gore & Associates, Inc (Delaware), titled as "Method
of deploying a bifurcated side-access intravascular stent graft"

Inventors:  Quinn; Stephen F. (Eugene, OR)
Assignee:  W.L. Gore & Associates, Inc. (Newark, DE)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
bifurcated intravascular stent graft comprises primary stent segments and a
primary graft sleeve, forming a main fluid channel and having a side opening
therethrough. An external graft channel formed on the primary graft sleeve has a
first end communicating with the side opening and an open second end outside the
primary graft sleeve, thereby providing a branch flow channel from the main
channel out through the side opening and external graft channel. The primary
stent segments and graft sleeve engage an endoluminal surface of a main vessel
and form substantially fluid-tight seals. The stent graft further comprises a
secondary stent graft, which may be positioned partially within the external
graft channel, through the open second end thereof, and partially within a
branch vessel. The secondary stent graft engages the inner surface of the
external graft channel and the endoluminal surface of the branch vessel, thereby
forming substantially fluid-tight seals."

The patent was filed on January 12, 2007 Application no. 11/622,552

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              14 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Medical Device Daily

                           December 13, 2001 Thursday

Product Briefs

LENGTH: 966 words

Product Briefs

·Cardima (Fremont, California) received CE mark approval for its Revelation
Helix therapeutic microcatheter to treat atrial fibrillation (AF) originating in
the pulmonary veins. The Helix incorporates eight coiled electrodes and eight
tissue temperature-sensing elements in a helical shape that enables the surgeon
to map atrial arrhythmias and to create circumferential endocardial lesions at
the pulmonary veins using a single microcatheter. The company began direct sales
of the Helix in the European Union, and sales through independent distributors
are expected to begin in the first week of January. To date, 22 patients have
been successfully treated using the Helix, though it is not commercially
available in the U.S. Enrollment in a Phase III study for the company's
Revelation Tx linear ablation microcatheter system is under way in the U.S.,
with approval targeted before the end of 2002.

·Cardiotech International (Woburn, Massachusetts) completed in vivo studies
designed, in part, to allow optimization of the surgical handling
characteristics of its CardioPass coronary artery bypass graft. The studies used
CardioPass 3 mm diameter grafts as carotid artery interpositional prostheses and
size 6-0 polypropylene sutures. The subsequent manufacturing process refinements
were based on feedback following the successful conclusion of preliminary canine
studies. The company said the changes will help the graft remain free from
tortional tension while displaying outstanding kink resistance. A modified
external support structure will allow sutures to be placed within 1 mm of the
graft edge without compromising the outstanding leak resistance of the graft.
The CardioPass graft is manufactured from the company's ChronoFlex biodurable
polyurethane polymer. The graft is intended for use as a synthetic substitute
for the saphenous vein, commonly used in coronary artery bypass graft
procedures.

·Cerus (Concord, California) and Baxter Healthcare (Deerfield, Illinois)
reported results from two Phase III trials of the Intercept Platelet System and
the Intercept Plasma System at the American Society of Hematology meeting in
Orlando, Florida. The companies are jointly developing the systems to protect
against infectious disease transmission resulting from blood transfusions. The
Platelet System analysis for the 671-patient trial supported the use of
Intercept platelets to treat and prevent bleeding during severe
thrombocytopenia, a condition characterized by a persistent reduction in
platelet levels. The data also demonstrated that Intercept platelets were
associated with a statistically lower percentage of transfusion reactions than
untreated platelets. Results of the Plasma System Phase IIIb trial were also
presented. The 121-patient trial evaluated the blood clotting function of
patients who received Intercept plasma compared to those who received untreated
plasma to determine whether the pathogen inactivation process affected
therapeutic performance. Results were statistically comparable between Intercept
plasma and untreated plasma to treat and prevent bleeding in patients with
acquired defects in coagulation, primarily due to end-stage liver disease. A CE
mark application for the Platelet System has been submitted, and the companies
have begun the regulatory submission process in the U.S. Separately, the
companies are preparing to begin the U.S. submission process for the Plasma
System, which will be followed by a CE mark application.

·Galil Medical (Woburn, Massachusetts) presented initial results of a
multicenter study headed by the UCLA School of Medicine (Los Angeles,
California), published in the December edition of Urology. The study focused on
SeedNet cryosurgery, a new technique of treating localized prostate cancer. The
study indicates that in the past using older cryosurgery systems, higher
complication rates were seen when performing cryosurgery on patients that
previously underwent radiation therapy (salvage cryoablation), yet SeedNet
produced few side effects in this same patient population. SeedNet uses direct
percutaneous insertion of ultra-thin 17 gauge needles under trans-rectal
ultrasound guidance. The company said SeedNet needles are guided through an
insertion template similar to that commonly used in brachytherapy. Galil's
IceSeeds technology, used by the SeedNet system, allows high-resolution
destruction of target tissue with homogeneous temperature distribution. Recovery
time is quick.

·Guidant (Indianapolis, Indiana) submitted a premarket approval supplement to
the FDA for its next-generation Galileo III Intravascular Radiotherapy System
for the treatment of in-stent restenosis. The investigational Galileo III system
features automated stepping, designed to enable physicians to more easily and
precisely treat longer lesions. The new system delivers radiation therapy
starting at the far end of the lesion and automatically steps, or repositions,
the radiation source to treat the entire length of the lesion. Guidant received
FDA approval for its current-generation Galileo system on Nov. 2.

·Med-Tec (Orange City, Iowa) commercially released its ASAP (Assayed,
Sterilized, Authorized, Prescription) pre-loaded prostate seeding needle service
for the treatment of prostate cancer. Med-Tec is the exclusive U.S. distributor
of the I-Plant Iodine-125 seed, which is manufactured by Implant Sciences
(Wakefield, Massachusetts). ASAP provides the assayed I-Plant seeds preloaded in
the needles according to prescription and shipped to the treatment center
presterilized and ready for the procedure. I-Plant seeds for each prescription
are assayed twice for required activity levels, prior to being loaded into the
needles. Med-Tec develops products for radiation oncology and cancer care.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                          Copyright 2001 AHC Media LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              15 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                           January 28, 2017 Saturday

DUERIG; Thomas (California) applies for US Patent titled as "GRAFT DIMPLING TO
IMPROVE CRIMP PROFILE AND REDUCE DELIVERY FORCES"

LENGTH: 204 words

DATELINE: New York


ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an
application no. 20170020652 for US Patent, published on January 26, 2017, by
DUERIG; Thomas (California), titled as "GRAFT DIMPLING TO IMPROVE CRIMP PROFILE
AND REDUCE DELIVERY FORCES"  for the registration of patent.



Inventors: DUERIG; Thomas; (Fremont, CA)

Applicant: DUERIG; Thomas Fremont   CA   US (California)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
stent-graft assembly is provided for a variety of medical treatments. The stent-
graft assembly includes a stent disposed to and attached between an inner layer
of graft material and an outer layer of graft material. One of both of the graft
layers includes one or more of a depression, dimple or detent that increases the
localized surface area of the graft in one or more portions of the stent
otherwise susceptible to graft stretching in the absence of the depression,
dimple or detent. There is also described a method of forming dimples in
selective locations on one or port graft layers in one or more locations
relative to a portion of the stent where a portion of the graft may be
susceptible to stretching or tearing during crimping or loading operations."


LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              16 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                           December 13, 2016 Tuesday

Head Line: US Patent granted to Smith & Nephew, Inc. (Tennessee) on December 13,
2016 titled as "Closed loop suture for anchoring tissue grafts"

LENGTH: 164 words

DATELINE: New York


ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no.
9,517,062 on December 13, 2016, to Smith & Nephew, Inc. (Tennessee) titled as
"Closed loop suture for anchoring tissue grafts"

Inventors: Santangelo; Stephen Anthony (Sturbridge, MA), Berube, Jr.; Alfred
Rodrigue (North Attleboro, MA)


Assignee: Smith & Nephew, Inc. (Memphis, TN) (Tennessee)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
method and device for securing a tissue graft within a bone passage includes
providing a graft fixation device that houses a closed loop having both braided
and non-braided portions. A tissue graft is looped through the closed loop at
the non-braided portion to attach the tissue graft to the graft fixation device.
The graft fixation device is passed through the bone passage and seated against
the surface of the bone to secure the tissue graft within the bone passage."

The patent was filed on February 25, 2015 Application No. 14/630,868


LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              17 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                           February 9, 2017 Thursday

Arthrex, Inc. (Florida) applies for US Patent titled as "GRAFT COMPRESSION AND
SIZING TUBES"

LENGTH: 137 words

DATELINE: New York


ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an
application no. 20170027684 for US Patent, published on February 2, 2017, by
Arthrex, Inc. (Florida), titled as "GRAFT COMPRESSION AND SIZING TUBES"  for the
registration of patent.



Inventors: Schmieding; Reinhold; (Naples, FL) ; Wilson; Adrian; (Basingstoke,
GB) ; Acker; Dean; (Naples, FL) ; Jolly; Jacob A.; (Naples, FL)

Applicant: Arthrex, Inc.    Naples   FL   US (Florida)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "Graft
compression and sizing tubes, methods of graft sizing and compression using such
graft tubes, and kits of graft tubes are disclosed. A graft tube aids in graft
preparation for a surgery by quickly and consistently compressing a graft to a
desired diameter and measuring the length of the graft."


LOAD-DATE: February 9, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              18 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                           GlobalData - SWOT Analysis

                                February 6, 2017

                                   AlloSource

                                6278 S Troy Cir
                                Centennial 80111
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * SWOT ANALYSIS * * * * * * * * * *
Strengths:

Distinct Product Offerings

   The company's product range includes bone, skin, and soft tissue allografts.
It offers more than 200 standard and customized precision allografts. The
company classifies its products into eight categories: osteobiologics grafts,
general orthopedic grafts, spinal grafts, sports medicine grafts, large grafts,
specialty grafts burn care and wound care allografts. In Osteobiologics product
range, the company offers a range of demineralized bone matrix (DBM) products
including AlloStem cellular bone allograft, AlloFuse DBM gels, pastes and
putties and AlloFlex cancellous bone allograft. In General orthopedic grafts,
the company offers non-demineralized and demineralized cancellous grafts and
freeze-dried and frozen structural grafts. The spinal allograft tissues include
cervical grafts and cervical spacers. In sports medicine grafts, AlloSource
supplies a variety of allograft tendons and tendon configurations. It produces a
wide range of fresh graft options including menisci, tibial plateaus,
osteochondral grafts, osteochondral core, trochlea, partial hemi-condyle,
hemi-condyle, pateller grafts and talar grafts. The company's major grafts
include femur, distal femur, proxima femur, fibula, radius, ulna, humerus, ilium
and tibia. In specialty grafts, the company offers AlloWrap DS human amniotic
membrane and AlloMend acellular dermal matrix. The company also offers burn care
allografts and skin allografts. AlloSource is one of the leaders in fresh
cartilage tissue used for joint repair and skin allografts to heal severe burns.


Research and Development Activities

   The company continues to invest in innovation, and research and development
(R&D) activities. Strong R&D activities allow AlloSource to gain a competitive
advantage and augment its product portfolio, helping it to capture a larger
market share. It possesses wide technical expertise and knowledge of various
orthobiologics and burn and wound care market needs. Through its focused R&D
activities, AlloSource developed new and compelling allografts such as a wide
tissue portfolio for cartilage repair, meniscal tissue for transplant and
adipose-derived stem cells combined with partially demineralized bone. Its
proprietary cleansing method, AlloTrue, provides high quality tissue, while
preserving graft integrity. AlloSource is currently conducting numerous studies
domestically and internationally. It works closely with physicians and
scientists in multiple orthopedic therapies to improve and bring new allografts
to market.
Weaknesses:

Dependence on Single Manufacturing Facility

AlloSource has a single manufacturing facility in Centennial, Colorado, the US.
Failure to produce sufficient quantity of a product at a facility, or if the
manufacturing process at that facility is disrupted, the company may be unable
to deliver that product to its customers on a timely basis. Failure to deliver
products on a timely basis could lead to customer dissatisfaction and damage the
company's reputation. This could impact sales and profitability of the company
negatively.
Opportunities:

Orthobiologics Market

   The company could benefit from the rapidly growing orthobiologics market. The
global orthobiologics market was valued at US$5,270.3 million in FY2013, and is
expected to grow more than 5.9% during FY2013-FY2020 to reach US$7,860 million
by FY2020, according to in-house forecasts. Bone Allografts, Bone Graft
Substitutes and Viscosupplementation devices are the major categories in the
orthobiologics market. The global market for bone allografts was valued at US$
827.8 million in FY2013, and is forecast to exceed US$1,120.7 million by FY2020,
growing at a CAGR of 4.4%. This category is expected to generate revenue of US$
119.5 million (at a CAGR of 4.4% from FY2013 to FY2020) in Asia Pacific; US$
409.2 million (at a CAGR of 5.8%) in Europe; and US$499.3 million (at a CAGR of
3.2%) in North America. The global market for bone graft substitutes was valued
at US$1,961.4 million in FY2013, and is forecast to exceed US$3,069.9 million by
FY2020, growing at a CAGR of 6.6%. This category is expected to generate revenue
of US$573.7 million (at a CAGR of 11.5% from FY2013 to FY2020) in Asia Pacific;
US$605.8 million (at a CAGR of 7.3%) in Europe; and US$1,790.9 million (at a
CAGR of 5.1%) in North America. The global market for viscosupplementation was
valued at US$1,799.9 million in FY2013, and is forecast to exceed US$ 2,744
million by FY2020, growing at a CAGR of 6.2%. This category is expected to
generate revenue of US$1,149.6 million (at a CAGR of 4.4% from FY2013 to FY2020)
in Asia Pacific; US$291.1 million (at a CAGR of 6.3%) in Europe; and US$ 1,279.6
million (at a CAGR of 8%) in North America.

Market Growth in Emerging Economies

   Emerging markets offer a strong growth opportunity for the company, enabling
it to leverage its strong brand and product portfolio. The demand in core
markets is falling; hence, in order to sustain their revenue, companies are
looking at tapping new markets, especially the emerging economies. According to
in-house data, medical equipment market in emerging economies (China, India and
Brazil) grew at a CAGR of 8.4% over the past eight years to reach US$40.2
billion in FY2013, driven by positive demographics, increased awareness of
medical conditions, the availability of treatment options, and an increase in
income levels. It is forecast to grow at a CAGR of 10.7% to reach US$8.2 billion
in FY2020. The company envisages considerable opportunity to grow as healthcare
systems are modernized and expanded in these economies.

Marketing Initiatives

   AlloSource intends to get wider exposure and ensure that its products receive
greater publicity among the medical fraternity. As part of the endeavor, one of
its initiatives has been to participate in various medical and other exhibitions
and conferences. Participating in such events would provide the company the
opportunity to interact with the participants, which could increase the
popularity of its brands and enable it to find new customers and distributors in
new geographies. In FY2015, the company declared its intention to participate in
several conferences and exhibitions. Some of them include The American College
of Foot and Ankle Surgeons (ACFAS) 2015, a professional society of more than
7,000 foot and ankle surgeons; American College of Foot & Ankle Surgeons 2015;
Association of periOperative Registered Nurses 2015; American Academy of
Orthopaedic Surgeons 2015; American Burn Association 2015; and Spring Symposium
on Advanced Wound Care 2015.

Patent Grants

   AlloSource is one of the largest providers of cartilage, cellular, bone, skin
and soft-tissue allografts for use in surgical procedures and wound care to
advance patient healing. The company received several patent grants in 2015
which provides it ample growth opportunities. In 2015, the company was granted a
patent with U.S. Patent Number 9,162,011, titled Flowable matrix compositions
and methods. The patent reinforces the company's commitment to wound care
solution, for an acellular human dermal matrix processed to be delivered via
syringe. It was also awarded U.S. Patent titled Allografts combined with tissue
derived stem cells for bone healing for its flagship regenerative medicine
product, AlloStemÂ® Cellular Bone Allograft.
Threats:

Stiff Competition

   The company faces intense competition in the osteobiologics market. Its
performance could be affected by the competitive environment in the medical
equipment sector and customer preferences. Some of its competitors have higher
financial, technical and other resources than the company. In the orthopedic
biomaterials market, AlloSource competes with Osteotech, Stryker, Integra,
ArthroCare, and DePuy, among others. It competes with LifeCell, Inc.,
Musculoskeletal Transplant Foundation (MTF), RTI Biologics, Inc. and LifeNet in
the conventional allograft market. In the machined allograft market, the company
faces competition from Osteotech, MTF, LifeNet and RTI Biologics. The demand for
its products is impacted by competitive conditions, including the timely
development and introduction of new competitive products and the response of the
company to downward pricing to sustain competition. Factors such as changing
customer order patterns, changing incentive programs; or competitors' new
products can impact the company's competitive positioning.

Rapid Technological Changes

   The medical device industry is subject to significant technological advances
and product innovation and development. The company must continuously design new
products, and update existing products and develop new technologies to meet its
customers' demands. The launch of new products and technologies involves a
significant commitment to research and development. Upon investing in these new
technologies, the company's profits may suffer if they are not accepted in the
marketplace as anticipated. Its competitors may develop innovative technologies
and products, which could render its technology and products under development
obsolete or uncompetitive.

Litigation Claims

   The company was beset by a variety of litigations and regulatory
investigation in connection with its operations. Lawsuits, including regulatory
actions, may seek recovery of large and indeterminate amounts or otherwise limit
its operations. In the past, AlloSource was a party to litigations with several
individuals and companies including AlloStem Therapeutics, LLC, Bacterin
International, Inc. and Tutogen Medical (United States), Inc., among others. The
defense of such lawsuits would divert the focus of the management and lead to
considerable expenses. AlloSource may also be required to pay damages and could
be subject to equitable remedies that adversely affect its financial performance
and results of operations.

Risk of Disease Transmission

   There are certain potential threats that companies operating in the bone and
soft tissue allografts industry can face. There are considerable chances of
human tissues recovered by Donor Referral Services (DRS) to lead infectious
disease transmission. The recent FDA notice to healthcare professionals stated
that human tissues recovered by Donor Referral Services (DRS), including human
bone and soft tissues, may not have met FDA requirements for donor eligibility.
Although no adverse reactions associated with these tissues have been reported,
subsequent processing should reduce the potential risk of infectious disease
transmission. AlloSource also happens to be one of the healthcare companies that
was supplied these tissues. Others among them include companies such as Alamo
Tissue Services, Lost Mountain Tissue Bank and TissueNet. Such cases may lead to
resistance among the public in adapting to such treatments being offered by
AlloSource.
* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Business Description                    Company Overview
Company Product Pipeline Analysis       Company Statement
Events                                  History
Investments                             Key Employee Biographies
Key Employees                           Key Facts
Locations and Subsidiaries              Major Products and Services
SWOT Analysis                           Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: February 6, 2017


                              19 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                            January 13, 2017 Friday

Head Line: US Patent granted to W. L. Gore & Associaes, Inc. on January 10, 2017
titled as "Puncturable and resealable graft"

LENGTH: 210 words

DATELINE: New York


ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no.
9,539,360 on January 10, 2017, to W. L. Gore & Associaes, Inc. titled as
"Puncturable and resealable graft"

Inventors: Cully; Edward H. (Flagstaff, AZ), Duncan; Jeffrey B. (Flagstaff, AZ),
Gassler; Paul D. (Lincoln University, PA)


Assignee: W. L. Gore & Associaes, Inc. (Newark, DE)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office:
"Implantable grafts, particularly for arteriovenous access that may be punctured
by an object such as a needle and, following removal of the object, will reseal
the resulting hole to the extent of reducing fluid leakage through the graft at
the puncture site to an amount less than would be typical for a conventional
graft. More particularly, the grafts comprise three layers; an inner layer of
implantable graft material such as ePTFE, a middle layer of self sealing
elastomeric material such as silicone, and an outer layer of implantable graft
material such as ePTFE. Following manufacture, the tubular form of the
three-layer graft is everted to put substantially the entire wall thickness of
the elastomeric material layer under circumferential compression."

The patent was filed on October 3, 2012 Application No. 13/644,160


LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              20 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Orange County Register (California)

                           November 8, 2007 Thursday
                                   1 Edition

City manager to leave Huntington Beach;
As Penny Culbreth-Graft leaves the position, Surf City USA's biggest booster
stays put.

BYLINE: By CINDY CARCAMO and ANNIE BURRIS; The Orange County Register

SECTION: HUNTINGTONBEACH64; Pg. NewsB

LENGTH: 202 words

DATELINE: HUNTINGTON BEACH


HUNTINGTON BEACH City Manager Penny Culbreth-Graft resigned Friday after she
accepted the same position in Colorado Springs, Colo.

Culbreth-Graft, who has been with the city for more than three years, said she
will leave Huntington Beach by Jan. 2. She will start the new job five days
later.

The Colorado job is a good opportunity and will be a better match for her
family, she said.

But she called the impending departure bittersweet.

"You go from paradise to paradise," Culbreth-Graft said. "From surfboards to
snowboards."

The city at least will be able to keep one of its leaders and biggest boosters
of Surf City USA.

Doug Traub, CEO and president of the city's Conference and Visitors' Bureau, was
one of four finalists for the same post in Panama City Beach, Fla. He did not
get the position, officials said Friday.

"It was a very competitive field, and I was very flattered to place in the top
four," he said.

Traub, who has been with the Huntington visitors' bureau for six years, was the
only finalist from the West Coast. He said he is not currently looking for
similar positions in other cities.

CULBRETH-  GRAFT

TRAUB

CULBRETH-  GRAFT  TRAUB

CULBRETH-  GRAFT  TRAUB

aburris@ocregister.com  or 714-445-6696

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Story

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2007 The Orange County Register (California)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              21 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                            March 1, 2017 Wednesday

Smith & Nephew, Inc. (Tennessee) applies for US Patent titled as "CLOSED LOOP
SUTURE FOR ANCHORING TISSUE GRAFTS"

LENGTH: 166 words

DATELINE: New York


ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an
application no. 20170049558 for US Patent, published on February 23, 2017, by
Smith & Nephew, Inc. (Tennessee), titled as "CLOSED LOOP SUTURE FOR ANCHORING
TISSUE GRAFTS"  for the registration of patent.



Inventors: Santangelo; Stephen Anthony; (Sturbridge, MA) ; Berube, JR.; Alfred
Rodrigue; (North Attleboro, MA)

Applicant: Smith & Nephew, Inc. .   Memphis   TN   US (Tennessee)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
method and device for securing a tissue graft within a bone passage includes
providing a graft fixation device that houses a closed loop having both braided
and non-braided portions. A tissue graft is looped through the closed loop at
the non-braided portion to attach the tissue graft to the graft fixation device.
The graft fixation device is passed through the bone passage and seated against
the surface of the bone to secure the tissue graft within the bone passage."


LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              22 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 24, 2014 Thursday

USPTO Published Patent application of Cook Medical Technologies LLC titled as
"PARARENAL STENT GRAFT"

LENGTH: 232  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an application no.
20140200651, published on July 17, 2014, by Cook Medical Technologies LLC,
titled as "PARARENAL STENT GRAFT" for the registration of patent.

Inventors:  Chuter; Timothy A.M.; (San Francisco, CA) ; Harley; David Ernest;
(Wannanup, AU) ; Roeder; Blayne A.; (Bloomington, IN)
Assignee:  Cook Medical Technologies LLC
Bloomington
IN

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
stent graft and a stent graft system having a scallop at the proximal end of the
stent graft and extending below the proximal edge, the scallop having two
substantially longitudinally extending opposing side edges and a substantially
laterally extending bottom edge parallel to the proximal edge of the stent graft
and extending between the two substantially longitudinally extending opposing
side edges to define a scallop parameter. The stent graft and stent graft system
include side arms extending externally from the stent graft at an acute angle to
the body of the stent graft with an open end of the side arms extending toward
the proximal end of the stent graft."

The Patent was filed on January 31, 2014 under application No. 20140200651

For more information please visit: http://www.uspto.gov/. In case of any query
regarding this article or other content needs please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              23 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 24, 2014 Thursday

USPTO Published Patent application of Cook Medical Technologies LLC titled as
"PARARENAL STENT GRAFT"

LENGTH: 232  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an application no.
20140200651, published on July 17, 2014, by Cook Medical Technologies LLC,
titled as "PARARENAL STENT GRAFT" for the registration of patent.

Inventors:  Chuter; Timothy A.M.; (San Francisco, CA) ; Harley; David Ernest;
(Wannanup, AU) ; Roeder; Blayne A.; (Bloomington, IN)
Assignee:  Cook Medical Technologies LLC
Bloomington
IN

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
stent graft and a stent graft system having a scallop at the proximal end of the
stent graft and extending below the proximal edge, the scallop having two
substantially longitudinally extending opposing side edges and a substantially
laterally extending bottom edge parallel to the proximal edge of the stent graft
and extending between the two substantially longitudinally extending opposing
side edges to define a scallop parameter. The stent graft and stent graft system
include side arms extending externally from the stent graft at an acute angle to
the body of the stent graft with an open end of the side arms extending toward
the proximal end of the stent graft."

The Patent was filed on January 31, 2014 under application No. 20140200651

For more information please visit: http://www.uspto.gov/. In case of any query
regarding this article or other content needs please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              24 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            July 23, 2014 Wednesday

USPTO Published Patent application of Cook Medical Technologies LLC titled as
"PARARENAL STENT GRAFT"

LENGTH: 232  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an application no.
20140200651, published on July 17, 2014, by Cook Medical Technologies LLC,
titled as "PARARENAL STENT GRAFT" for the registration of patent.

Inventors:  Chuter; Timothy A.M.; (San Francisco, CA) ; Harley; David Ernest;
(Wannanup, AU) ; Roeder; Blayne A.; (Bloomington, IN)
Assignee:  Cook Medical Technologies LLC
Bloomington
IN

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
stent graft and a stent graft system having a scallop at the proximal end of the
stent graft and extending below the proximal edge, the scallop having two
substantially longitudinally extending opposing side edges and a substantially
laterally extending bottom edge parallel to the proximal edge of the stent graft
and extending between the two substantially longitudinally extending opposing
side edges to define a scallop parameter. The stent graft and stent graft system
include side arms extending externally from the stent graft at an acute angle to
the body of the stent graft with an open end of the side arms extending toward
the proximal end of the stent graft."

The Patent was filed on January 31, 2014 under application No. 20140200651

For more information please visit: http://www.uspto.gov/. In case of any query
regarding this article or other content needs please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              25 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Orange County Register (California)

                             May 13, 2004 Thursday

Life's a beach for new administrator beach

BYLINE: By BLYTHE BERNHARD , The Huntington Beach Wave

SECTION: HUNTINGTON

LENGTH: 610 words


Penny Culbreth-Graft loves City Council meetings. She loves reading sewer and
water plans and she absolutely devours budgets and audit reports.

Culbreth-Graft's love affair with city government won her the job of Huntington
Beach's administrator and a yearly salary of $190,000. She starts June 1.

``For 31 years I've worked in cities, trained in cities,'' Culbreth-Graft said.
``I'm educated in public administration...I love cities. They're my life.''

Culbreth-Graft said Huntington Beach is the type of city ``you run to.''

``Huntington Beach is just an incredible community,'' Culbreth-Graft said. ``It
is number one beautiful. Number two it's got a great blend between family
services, family facilities, the ocean and some really gorgeous businesses. It's
kind of a perfect utopian environment.''

Culbreth-Graft, 46, replaces Ray Silver, who retired last month after 13 years
with the city.

``I was very impressed with her attention to detail, her enthusiasm for
Huntington Beach and her dedication to her job,'' Mayor Pro Tem Jill Hardy said.
``It was obvious that she really liked that kind of detail -- reading reports --
and that she had a good mind for understanding them, especially with the
financial problems we're having in Huntington Beach.''

Culbreth-Graft and her husband, William, 55, plan to move to Huntington Beach.
William, a disabled Vietnam veteran, has been researching the housing market.
The couple came to the beach town every weekend during the three-month
recruiting process.

``We like to drive around communities,'' Culbreth-Graft said. ``We talk to
people, talk to business people so we get to see the community to some degree
through their eyes.''

Culbreth-Graft first learned about Huntington Beach from a former boss, Mike
Uberuaga, who served as administrator before Silver.

``I saw Huntington Beach through the eyes of Mike Uberuaga,'' Culbreth-Graft
said. ``He had a great time in Huntington Beach and talked about its leaders and
what the city was doing. I liked it long before (the job) opened up.''

The new administrator is finishing up her role as assistant city manager in
Riverside. Culbreth-Graft has also worked for the cities of San Diego, Chino,
Grover Beach, Calif. and Tucson, Ariz.

She spent three years as tribal government manager for the Viejas Band of
Kumeyaay Indians in San Diego County. During her three-year stint in the
position, Culbreth-Graft helped establish a government from the ground up.

``It was a blank canvas,'' Culbreth-Graft said. ``Managers don't often have the
chance to do a startup organization. My goal was to actually create the baseline
for them, a sewer system, water system, making rules and regulations, creating
environmental law, and get people in place to continue the work.''

Culbreth-Graft grew up in Upland and has one son, college student Michael, 20,
and four stepchildren. She earned a doctorate in public administration from the
University of La Verne and did her undergraduate work at Cal Poly, Pomona.

Culbreth-Graft said she is ready to tackle the financial and environmental
issues Huntington Beach faces.

``I've worked in a lot of cities,'' she said. ``Every city has tough issues.
When you have limited resources which all of our California cities do, and you
have people with diverse needs, you always have tough problems. The job you look
for is one, a community that wants you and two, a place where you feel like you
could excel.

``It's a perfect path. It doesn't mean it will be easy, but no matter where you
go, there are going to be challenges.''

Contact Bernhard at bbernhard@ocregister.com or (714) 445-6692.

Contact Bernhard at bbernhard@ocregister.com or (714) 445-6692.

LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Story

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2004 Orange County Register


                              26 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Medical Device Daily

                           August 18, 2010 Wednesday

Agreements/contracts: Endologix to cover Evasc stents with ePTFE material

LENGTH: 416 words

A Medical Device Daily Staff Report

Endologix (Irvine, California) has entered into a development agreement and
exclusive license with medical device development company Evasc Medical Systems
(Vancouver, British Columbia) for its balloon expandable stent technology. The
stent is made from cobalt chromium and is pre-mounted on an angioplasty balloon
catheter for ease-of-use.

Endologix plans to cover the balloon expandable stent with its ePTFE graft
material and use it in conjunction with the company's fenestrated stent graft
device, which is currently in pre-clinical development. The fenestrated stent
graft will be a new aortic extension designed to be used with Endologix's
Powerlink main body bifurcated stent grafts. It is designed to provide an
off-the-shelf, endovascular treatment option for short neck and juxtarenal
abdominal aortic aneurysms (AAA), which require the graft to extend above the
renal arteries in order to achieve proper fixation and sealing. The balloon
expandable stent graft will be used to branch the fenestrated stent graft into
the renal arteries, allowing normal blood flow to the kidneys.

John McDermott, president/CEO of Endologix, said, "This patented balloon
expandable stent technology is an important addition to our product portfolio.
It will be integrated into our fenestrated stent graft device, which will expand
the endovascular AAA market to include short aortic necks and aneurysms that
extend up above the renal arteries. Approximately 15% of diagnosed AAA patients
have these conditions and the vast majority require open surgical repair due to
the lack of fenestrated stent grafts in the market. The balloon expandable stent
technology will also be developed into stand alone products, creating additional
growth opportunities for Endologix in the future."

Endologix makes minimally invasive treatments for aortic disorders, and says its
flagship product is the Powerlink System, which is an endovascular stent graft
for the treatment of AAA.

In other agreements/contracts news, RMD Instruments (Watertown, Massachusetts),
a subsidiary of Dynasil (West Berlin, New Jersey) said that they and Cunningham
Woodland (Hyannis, Massachusetts), a specialty surgical supply company, have
entered into an agreement whereby Cunningham will handle exclusive New England
distribution of RMD's Navigator system and gamma surgical probes for advanced
cancer detection and evaluation, which help doctors more accurately locate
cancer cells for targeted therapy.

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                          Copyright 2010 AHC Media LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              27 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Medical Device Daily

                           February 23, 2012 Thursday

MDD's Ortho Extra

LENGTH: 1601 words


Additional Developments in One of Med-Tech's Key Sectors


Keeping you up to date on recent developments in orthopedics

Orthopedic researchers are building bone from cartilage . . . Every year,
millions of Americans sustain fractures that don't heal or lose bone that isn't
successfully grafted. But a study presented at the Orthopaedic Research Society
(ORS; Rosemont, Illinois) 2012 Annual Meeting in San Francisco offers new hope
for those who sustain these traumas. Orthopaedic researchers with the University
of California, San Francisco (UCSF), Orthopaedic Trauma Institute, have found a
very promising, novel way to regenerate bone.

"Cartilage graft induces bone that actually integrates with the host bone and
vascularizes it," said Ralph Marcucio, PhD, Associate Professor, UCSF School of
Medicine. Cartilage graft is very different than the current methods used for
bone grafting -- autograft bone (a person's own bone) or allograft materials
(donor bone). For various reasons, these two grafting techniques can result in
poor graft integration and osteonecrosis. "With millions of bone grafting
procedures performed every year in just the United States, developing improved
technologies could directly enhance patient care and clinical outcomes,"
Marcucio said. Chelsea Bahney, PhD, Postdoctoral Scholar, UCSF School of
Medicine, concedes their approach is less orthodox. "It is not the pathway that
most people think about, but it made a lot more sense to follow the normal
developmental mechanism." "This cartilage is naturally bioactive. It makes
factors that help induce vascularization and bone formation," added Bahney.
"When people use a bone graft, it is often dead bone which requires something
exogenous to be added to it or some property of the matrix in the graft."
Through a process called endochondral ossification, cartilage grafts produce new
tissue that is very similar to the person's own bone. Without additional
properties to it, the researchers found the cartilage graft integrated well and
was fully vascularized. "We're just taking a very similar cartilage that can
induce bone formation, putting it into a bone defect and letting it just do its
thing," Marcucio said. In the study, the researchers chose a non-stabilized
tibial fracture callus as a source of a cartilage graft. "Healing of the
transplanted cartilage grafts supported our hypothesis by producing a
well-vascularized bone that integrated well with the host," Bahney said. "A
cartilage graft could offer a promising alternative approach for stimulating
bone regeneration," Dr. Marcucio said. "Future work will focus on developing a
translatable technology suitable for repairing bone through a cartilage
intermediate at a clinical level."

Implantable wireless microchip drug delivery device successful in humans . . .
MicroCHIPS (Waltham, Massachusetts), a developer of implantable drug delivery
devices and biosensors, announces today the results of the first successful
human clinical trial with an implantable, wirelessly controlled and programmable
microchip-based drug delivery device. The MicroCHIPS study was published in the
online edition of the journal Science Translational Medicine. "These data
validate the microchip approach to multi-year drug delivery without the need for
frequent injections, which can improve the management of many chronic diseases
like osteoporosis where adherence to therapy is a significant problem," said
study lead author Robert Farra, MicroCHIPS president and COO. "We look forward
to making further progress to advance our first device toward regulatory
approvals, as well as developing a range of products for use in important
disease areas such as osteoporosis, cardiovascular disease, multiple sclerosis,
cancer, and chronic pain." In the trial, post menopausal women diagnosed with
osteoporosis received daily doses of the marketed osteoporosis drug teriparatide
through microchip delivery rather than daily injection. The drug released from
the implanted microchip demonstrated similar measures of safety and therapeutic
levels in blood to what is observed from standard, recommended multiple
subcutaneous injections of teriparatide. In the study, seven osteoporotic
postmenopausal patients between the ages of 65 and 70 received the
microchip-based implant. The primary objective of the clinical trial was to
assess the pharmacokinetics (PK) of the released drug teriparatide from the
implanted devices. Safety measures included evaluation of the biological
response to the implant and monitoring indicators of toxicity. Secondary
objectives were to assess the bioactivity of the drug and to evaluate the
reliability and reproducibility of releasing the drug from the device. The
device and drug combination were found to be biocompatible with no adverse
immune reaction. The resulting PK profiles from the implant were comparable to
and had less variation than the PK profiles of multiple, recommended
subcutaneous injections of teriparatide. The study also demonstrated that the
programmable implant was able to deliver the drug at scheduled intervals. Drug
delivery and evaluation in patients occurred over a one month period and
provided proof-of-concept measures of drug release and device durability that
support implantable device viability for 12 months or more. The microchip device
was implanted and explanted using local anesthetic. Patient surveys found that
the microchip device was well-tolerated, and patients indicated that they would
repeat the implant procedure. "Each procedure lasted less than 30 minutes," said
treating surgeon Pia Georg Jensen, MD. "The patients were able to walk out of
the facility and go home unescorted." To assess efficacy and improvement in bone
fracture risk, the study measured biological markers of bone formation (P1NP),
and bone resorption (CTX). In the study, changes in serum calcium, P1NP, and CTX
resulting from drug implant therapy were found to be qualitatively and
quantitatively similar to those reported in previous studies during daily
subcutaneous injections of teriparatide. "A microchip that continues to deliver
teriparatide with this or similar consistency and efficiency over 12 to 24
months could improve bone mass, density, architecture, and strength," said study
co-author Robert Neer, founder and director of the Massachusetts General
Hospital Bone Density Center and Associate Professor of Medicine at Harvard
Medical School (Boston). "This trial demonstrates how drug can be delivered
through an implantable device that can be monitored and controlled remotely,
providing new opportunities to improve treatment for patients and to realize the
potential of telemedicine," said study co-author Robert Langer, ScD, Institute
Professor at the David H. Koch Institute for Integrative Cancer Research at the
Massachusetts Institute of Technology (Cambridge, Massachusetts), and cofounder
of MicroCHIPS. The study with the implantable microchip in osteoporosis patients
was funded and managed by MicroCHIPS. In addition to osteoporosis, the company
is advancing applications for the microchip device for other therapeutic
applications in proprietary programs and through strategic partnerships. The
company plans to file for regulatory approval for its first microchip device in
2014.

Personalized medicine via implanted orthopaedic smart device . . . Imagine a
smart sensor customized to provide vital, real-time information about a
patient's recent orthopaedic surgery. Instead of relying on X-rays or invasive
procedures, surgeons will be able to collect diagnostic data from an implantable
sensor. A study presented at the Orthopaedic Research Society 2012 Annual
Meeting in San Francisco outlined this remarkable technology that promises to
make post-surgical diagnosis and follow up more precise, efficient, and
cost-effective. "The sensor provides opportunities to make specific and detailed
diagnostics for a particular patient and to tailor care based on very objective
and quantitative measures," said Eric Ledet, PhD, Assistant Professor,
Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute (Troy, New York). "This highly unique sensor is
very small (4 mm diameter and 500 microns thick), is wireless, batteryless, and
requires no telemetry within the body. Its simplicity makes it less prone to
failure and very inexpensive to produce," Ledet explained. The orthopedic
implant acts as a carrier for the sensor. The wireless sensor can monitor load,
strain, motion, temperature, and pressure in the challenging in vivo
environment. It can be placed into a spinal or fracture fixation implant, for
example, to determine the patient's progress. "For the patient that is
progressing well, the information from the sensor enables the physician to
determine that the patient can return to work without risk of injury," said
Ledet. "The number of lost days at work is reduced." It can also alert the
physician to potential problems, indicating that additional interventions may be
needed. "By maintaining a simple platform, we're able to customize the sensor
and make it very, very small so it can be incorporated into a lot of different
implants," said Rebecca Wachs, MS, Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute. "By
changing one small parameter, we can change the sensitivity of the sensor
itself." Ledet reports a number of major breakthroughs with the sensor
technology in the last eighteen months. Although the researchers are manually
producing the sensor, they anticipate it will eventually be mass produced -
driving the price down further.

- Compiled by Holland Johnson, MDD Managing Editor


LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                          Copyright 2012 AHC Media LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              28 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Medical Device Daily

                              May 15, 2007 Tuesday

LeMaitre gets FDA nod for trial of 1st aorto-uni-iliac stent graft

LENGTH: 726 words


LeMaitre gets FDA nod for trial of 1st aorto-uni-iliac stent graft   By KAREN
YOUNG  Medical Device Daily Staff Writer   LeMaitre Vascular (Burlington,
Massachusetts) has reported receiving FDA approval for an investigational device
exemption supplement to conduct a pivotal trial, named UNITE, of its
Aorto-Uni-Illiac Stent Graft.

The graft would be a first for this indication, according to the company.

The study will evaluate the safety and effectiveness of the company's UniFit
Abdominal Stent Graft in the treatment of aorto and/or aorto-illiac aneurysms.
LeMaitre added the device to its product pipeline when the company acquired
Endomed (Phoenix), a maker of endovascular stent grafts for the
minimally-invasive treatment of thoracic and abdominal aortic aneurysms, in 2005
(Medical Device Daily, Feb. 11, 2005).

The UniFit Abdominal Stent Graft is a single-bodied aorto-uni-iliac stent graft
used to treat an aortic aneurysm, a weakening ballooning out of the aorta. It
would be implanted through a minimally-invasive endovascular procedure.

The device's encapsulated design prevents its stents from contacting the
bloodstream or the vessel wall, which is designed to allow a wider range of
stent graft sizes, including tapered and custom grafts.

The primary endpoint for effectiveness of the study is based on aneurysm
exclusion, which will be evaluated for one year following implantation of the
device.

LeMaitre previously received conditional FDA approval for its IDE supplement.

"Although we had initiated two study sites based upon conditional approval, many
other hospitals, though eager to participate, have been waiting for the FDA to
remove conditions . . . ," said George LeMaitre, the company's president/CEO and
chairman in a statement. "We believe surgeons need a single-body aorto-uni-iliac
stent graft to help combat aneursymal disease, and we are excited to begin
implanting devices in our pivotal study."

Aaron Rees, LeMaitre's director of quality, regulatory and clinical affairs,
told Medical Device Daily that the company had initiated sites at Emory
University (Atlanta) and UCLA Medical Center (Los Angeles), based on conditional
approval from the FDA.

The agency has allowed up to 14 centers, and the company said it plans to enroll
90 patients. LeMaitre said those patients must be followed for at least one year
prior to the company's final submission to the FDA.

Aaron Grossman, a company spokesman, told MDD that LeMaitre had not disclosed
publicly its timeline for submission due to the fact that "enrollment can be
very difficult and challenging to predict."

The UNITE study is designed to compare the safety and efficacy of the UniFit
Abdominal Stent Graft against open surgical abdominal aorta repair.

LeMaitre said that currently there are no aorto-uni-iliac endovascular stent
grafts indicated for the primary treatment of aorto, aorto-illiac and/or iliac
aneurysms in the United States. However, the stent is sold in the European Union
and a small number of other international jurisdictions.

The FDA's IDE green light only applies to the investigational use of the UniFit
Abdominal Stent Graft devices that have been sterilized with ethylene oxide gas;
however, the company ultimately hopes to get approval from the FDA --using the
same data from this trial -- for sterilization using hydrogen peroxide.

"Ethylene oxide sterilization is sort of a tried and true sterilization method
that's been accepted for a long period of time," Rees said. "Hydrogen peroxide
is a newer sterilization method, and the advantage of the hydrogen peroxide is
that it speeds up the process of sterilizing and verifying that the product is
sterile and getting it on the shelf so that it can be shipped."

Grossman said that the hydrogen peroxide sterilization method would "deepen out
competitive advantage" if the company can get the FDA "comfortable" with that
method.

In April 2006, LeMaitre filed a registration statement with the SEC for an
initial public offering of its common stock valued at up to $69 million (MDD,
April 28, 2006)

LeMaitre manufactures both disposable and implanted devices. The company was
founded in 1983 by vascular surgeon George LeMaitre, MD, who, with the help of
an engineer, developed a valvulotome, a device used to prepare veins for
arterial bypass.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                          Copyright 2007 AHC Media LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              29 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 10, 2014 Wednesday

US Patent granted to Medtronic Vascular, Inc. (California) on September 09
titled as "Stent graft having short tube graft for branch vessel"

LENGTH: 181  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 8,828,074, on
September 09, 2014, to Medtronic Vascular, Inc. (California), titled as "Stent
graft having short tube graft for branch vessel"

Inventors: Xiao; Jia Hua (Santa Rosa, CA), Rust; Matthew (Santa Rosa, CA)
Assignee: Medtronic Vascular, Inc. (Santa Rosa, CA)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
stent-graft includes a short tube graft and patch located inside of a primary
graft. The patch forms a smooth and reliably sealed transition between the
primary graft and the short tube graft. Accordingly, the disruption to fluid,
e.g., blood, flowing through the lumen of the primary graft by the short tube
graft is minimal. Further, the patch supports the inner end of the short tube
graft. Thus, the patch, the short tube graft and the primary graft form a stable
three-dimensional structure."

The patent was filed on April 21, 2006 Application no. 11/379,629

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              30 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                             January 2, 2017 Monday

Smith & Nephew, Inc. (Tennessee) applies for US Patent titled as "GRAFT
PLACEMENT SYSTEM AND METHOD"

LENGTH: 163 words

DATELINE: New York


ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an
application no. 20160374694 for US Patent, published on January 29, 2017, by
Smith & Nephew, Inc. (Tennessee), titled as "GRAFT PLACEMENT SYSTEM AND METHOD"
for the registration of patent.



Inventors: Haberman; Daniel; (Boston, MA) ; Santangelo; Stephen A.; (Sturbridge,
MA) ; Verma; Nikhil N.; (Chicago, IL)

Applicant: Smith & Nephew, Inc.   Memphis   TN   US (Tennessee)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office:
"Embodiments of the invention include a system and method for coupling a graft
to a bone. A graft preparation tool may be used to place one or more holes in a
graft and an offset measurement tool may be used to determine the distance of
the one or more holes from an edge of the graft to be aligned with a portion of
the bone. One or more complementary holes may then be created in the bone and
fasteners applied through the holes to couple the graft to the bone."


LOAD-DATE: January 3, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              31 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Medical Device Daily

                           September 7, 2000 Thursday

CardioTech claims 'Holy Grail' status for artery bypass graft

LENGTH: 598 words

CardioTech claims 'Holy Grail' status for artery bypass graft

 By HOLLAND JOHNSON

Medical Device Week Staff Writer

Michael Szycher, chief executive officer and founder of CardioTech (Woburn,
Massachusetts), can barely contain his excitement when speaking of his company's
latest development. In terms of its size and lining with endothelial seeds, the
CardioPass coronary artery bypass graft, is the "Holy Grail of the graft
industry," Szycher told Medical Device Week.

Traditionally, when coronary arteries develop atherosclerotic plaques, a
coronary artery bypass is performed. A vein from a leg (or another area) is
harvested and used to bypass the coronary artery blockage. Seventy percent of
bypass surgeries use the saphenous leg vein because it generally causes the
least complications to the body when removed. About 100,000 patients a year
require another bypass surgery; it is for people like these that the CardioPass
was primarily designed.

"The device is primarily for these 'no-option' patients," Szycher said. "We are
attempting to create a graft that will last for 15 or more years so that these
patients will not have to go through another surgery."

For years, people within the industry have attempted to create artificial
saphenous veins, technically called synthetic vascular grafts and smaller than 4
mm, which can imitate the real thing. This has been the unattainable gold
standard, but Szycher feels that his company has solved the riddle.

"What all the past grafts were lacking was a lasting endothelial lining which is
found in healthy blood vessels," Szycher explained. "An endothelial lining is
crucial in a vascular graft because the blood moves very slowly through such a
small space. That causes the graft to clog rather easily. What we have done is
develop a process by which an artificial graft can be seeded quickly and
effectively with endothelial cells and implanted."

Szycher said that the endothelial seeding process is crucial to the success of
the graft. "We needed the seeding process to be quick - a patient generally does
not have days or even hours to wait for these endothelial cells to be cultivated
for a bypass surgery. What we have done is develop a process whereby a patient's
own endothelial cells are seeded into the graft in only 16 minutes." The process
was developed in conjunction with Dr. Gary Bowlin, a professor of biomedical
engineering at Virginia Commonwealth University (Richmond, Virginia), who had
patented the electrostatic seeding method used in the procedure.

When studies were done on animals under the auspices of a National Heart and
Lung Institute phase I grant, the company's grafts were seeded and implanted in
canines. After four to six weeks the grafts were explanted, with the grafts
exhibiting an endothelial lining that was "remarkably similar" to the
endothelial lining found in healthy blood vessels, according to the company.

Szycher said he hoped to raise another $5 million in capital to commence FDA
studies by early November. "We would like to have a 510(k) investigational
device exemption in place by January 2001 and hopefully achieve full FDA
approval two to three years after that. We have to have three working sizes to
show the FDA, so we are concentrating on 2 mm, 3 mm and 4 mm grafts."

Competitors in the vascular graft sector include W.L. Gore & Associates
(Flagstaff, Arizona), Impra (Tempe, Arizona) and Thoratec (Pleasanton,
California).

CardioTech was initially formed as a subsidiary of PolyMedica Industries
(Woburn, Massachusetts) in 1993 and was spun off in 1996.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                          Copyright 2000 AHC Media LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              32 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                           November 12, 2016 Saturday

Yamaguchi; Dean Jared (North Carolina) applies for US Patent titled as "Branched
Stent Grafts And Stent Graft Delivery System And Methods"

LENGTH: 234 words

DATELINE: New York


ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an
application no. 20160324670 for US Patent, published on November 10, 2016, by
Yamaguchi; Dean Jared (North Carolina), titled as "Branched Stent Grafts And
Stent Graft Delivery System And Methods"  for the registration of patent.



Inventors: Yamaguchi; Dean Jared; (Winterville, NC)

Applicant: Yamaguchi; Dean Jared   Winterville   NC   US (North Carolina)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office:
"Branched stent grafts and a stent graft delivery system for, and methods of,
endovascular repair of abdominal and/or thoracic aortic aneurysms are disclosed.
Embodiments of the branched stent grafts include, but are not limited to,
branched aorto-uni-iliac (AUI) stent grafts, branched bifurcated stent grafts,
and branched thoracic stent grafts. In some embodiments, the branched stent
grafts comprise one or more retrograde internal branches. In other embodiments,
the branched stent grafts comprise one or more external branches. The stent
graft delivery system comprises a larger directional sheath for positioning the
branched stent grafts and one or more smaller sheaths for the delivery of, for
example, covered stents for the complete exclusion of juxtarenal/pararenal
abdominal aortic aneurysms. Methods of using the stent graft delivery system to
deploy the branched stent grafts are provided."


LOAD-DATE: November 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              33 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 16, 2014 Thursday

US Patent granted to Cook Medical Technologies LLC (Indiana) on January 14
titled as "Modular, staged graft and attachment system for endovascular repair"

LENGTH: 276  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 8,628,567, on
January 14, 2014, to Cook Medical Technologies LLC (Indiana), titled as
"Modular, staged graft and attachment system for endovascular repair"

Inventors:  Chuter; Timothy A. M. (Burlingame, CA), Pollock; David T. (Redwood
City, CA), Trayer; Tamara L. (Belmont, CA)
Assignee:  Cook Medical Technologies LLC (Bloomington, IN)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
system for repairing body lumens including a modular graft and a method for
deploying the graft within the body lumen. The modular graft includes a first
component having first and second legs portions which mate with second and third
graft components, respectively. The second leg portion has a bell bottom shape.
The modular graft further includes expandable members which aid in implanting
the modular graft as well as facilitates the mating of its components. In order
to repair the body lumen, the first component is placed at the repair site and
thereafter the first and second legs are advanced to the repair site and
attached to the first component. A further aspect of the invention is a fixation
device which is adapted to perform an attachment function. The graft and the
fixation device are configured to be axially separated from one another so as to
allow the graft to attach to the vascular wall proximal of the graft."

The patent was filed on September 29, 2003 Application no. 10/675,605

For more information please visit: http://www.uspto.gov/. In case of any query
regarding this article or other content needs please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              34 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                           January 25, 2017 Wednesday

Head Line: US Patent granted to Medtronic Vascular, Inc. (California) on January
24, 2017 titled as "Eversible branch stent-graft and deployment method"

LENGTH: 205 words

DATELINE: New York


ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no.
9,549,830 on January 24, 2017, to Medtronic Vascular, Inc. (California) titled
as "Eversible branch stent-graft and deployment method"

Inventors: Bruszewski; Walter (Guerneville, CA), Mafi; Masoumeh (Santa Rosa,
CA), Nagasrinivasa; Shyam (Santa Rosa, CA), Acosta de Acevedo; Maria (Rohnert
Park, CA)


Assignee: Medtronic Vascular, Inc. (Santa Rosa, CA) (California)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
method of deploying an eversible branch stent-graft includes deploying the
eversible branch stent-graft into a main vessel such that a collateral opening
in a main stent-graft of the eversible branch stent-graft is aligned with an
ostium of a branch vessel emanating from the main vessel. A branch stent ring
suture threaded though outer exposed crowns of an outer stent ring of the branch
stent-graft is grasped and pulled through the collateral opening to evert the
branch stent-graft into the branch vessel as a branch anchor suture is removed
to release a protruding end of a branch stent-graft from a proximal end of the
main stent-graft."

The patent was filed on February 5, 2015 Application No. 14/614,531


LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              35 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Medical Device Daily

                            August 2, 2001 Thursday

'Best and brightest' examine endovascular grafts for AAA

LENGTH: 1192 words

'Best and brightest' examine endovascular grafts for AAA

By CAROLYN COSMOS

Medical Device Daily Washington Correspondent

GAITHERSBURG, Maryland - Endovascular grafts for treating abdominal aortic
aneurysms (AAA) have put both the regulators and the regulated on the spot
recently. In the wake of product recalls, a suspended clinical trial and an FDA
public health warning, the agency's Center for Devices and Radiological Health
(CDRH) brought together more than 35 experts on AAA and endovascular grafts on
Monday.

The goal: improved prediction of device failures. Participants were asked to
identify the most important failure modes and key them to the most effective
pre-clinical tests.

"We need help-It's crucial for us to understand . . . how to do the right kinds
of testing," James Dillard, director of the center's Division of Cardiovascular
and Respiratory Devices, told workshop participants.

His solution: "put the best and brightest in one room."

Preparing for the task, participants have been characterizing the physical
environment of the grafts and rating the importance of various features such as
blood flow or vessel elasticity; critical changes over time, such as device
corrosion, that could effect performance over time; and identification of
failure modes, to decide if they could be detected through pre-clinical testing.
Twenty-nine pre-clinical tests were set for discussion on Tuesday to identify
those that should give the most information about failures. Additionally,
academics, clinicians and manufacturers responding to FDA's invitation were
given homework exercises and their responses collated for discussion.

One of the most important things to come out of the meeting so far is "the
interchange" among such a diverse group, Roy Greenberg, of the Cleveland Clinic
Foundation (Cleveland, Ohio), told Medical Device Daily. Agreeing was Darrin
Bergman, president and CEO of Teramed (Maple Grove, Minnesota), who called the
expert convocation "a great mix." Participants included the "father of
endovascular grafts," Juan Parodi, of the Instituto Cardiovascular (Buenos
Aires, Argentina), and representatives from 13 different firms.

An AAA is the bulging or "ballooning" of a weakened area of the aorta. While the
"gold standard" is open surgical repair, an alternative is the insertion of
tubular endovascular devices of fabric and metal wire, via catheter, inside the
weakened blood vessel.

The two FDA-approved grafts are from Guidant (Indianapolis, Indiana) and
Medtronic (Minneapolis, Minnesota). However, Edwards Lifesciences (Irvine,
California), Endologix (also Irvine) and other firms are conducting trials of
endovascular AAA devices.

In his late April "public health notification letter," CDRH director David
Feigal Jr., noted that adverse events with these devices have included severe
vessel damage associated with deployment (Guidant) and 25 aneurysm ruptures or
other serious adverse events (Medtronic). Problems also have included
sub-optimal graft placement, endoleaks, device migration, metal frame fractures,
suture breaks and fabric tears.

In the first of two sessions, various discussions highlighted the state of the
art of some aspect of AAA and endovascular grafts. A look at the physical
characteristics of AAAs was offered by Hugh Beebe of Jobst Vascular Center
(Toledo, Ohio), while Barry Katzen, medical director of the Miami Cardiac and
Vascular Institute of (Miami, Florida) provided an overview of imaging issues.
He noted, "We probably don't know what we need to know," and emphasized the
importance of precision measurements and volumetric data. "Think in 3-D," he
said, noting the increasing use of dynamic and 3-D imaging techniques.

Important aneurysm characteristics, participants largely agreed, include vessel
tortuosity or angulation, with consideration of calcification and graft path
thrown in. Vessel neck angles and neck length, particularly centerline length,
also are important, said participants; neck angulation can predict adverse
outcomes, while short necks combined with angulation can lead to endoleaks.

Aneurysm neck shapes offer key challenges, though Stuart Roger of Scotland-based
Sulzer Vascutek protested: "I don't think manufacturers can test for every
single anatomical variation. We have to look at those which are
contraindicated."

Blood flow rate per se is less important than pressure on the vessel, according
to the panelists. As to the importance of compliance/elasticity, some said it
was not important over time while others argued it has been a factor in
failures. Kinking of graft limbs was deemed important, in part because kinking
may have an effect on the long-term durability of the graft.

Questions were raised about length shrinkage of a graft, with the literature
offering conflicting data: Does it occur? If so, how often? Corrosion also was
debated, with moderator Beebe noting "a growing perception of importance, but
it's not short term." Michael Lawrence-Brown, with the Royal Perth Hospital at
the University of W. Australia, and Geoffrey White, of the University of Sidney
(Sidney, Australia), gave presentations on graft failures and failure modes
simulated through pre-clinical testing. "The most common failure mode is the
endoleak," White said, noting that these can be caused by graft erosion, holes
in the endograft, disconnection. Participants attempted to define the different
types of endoleaks.

Addressing graft wear holes, participants agreed they are testable and
important. "I think this is one of the most important subjects of the whole
meeting," Juan Paroti told the group, distinguishing between the porous nature
of a fabric graft vs. holes: "Holes can increase in size, but porosity
disappears in a few hours."

Standard test methods for evaluating wear were referenced, but the panelists
wanted more information about those conditions leading to fabric wear holes.

Mark Fillinger of Dartmouth and the Hitchcock Medical Center (Lebanon, New
Hampshire), questioned the willingness of companies to share failure data. And
Beebe asked the companies present, "Can we have a look at the anatomy? Not the
device, but the morphology?"

One representative responded by pointing to legal and proprietary issues as key
barriers here. And another, Arthur Friedman of Boston Scientific, noted a
clinical barrier - a lack of image standards. "If we develop a protocol" that
would yield consistent and comparable data, sharing "might be useful," he said.

Loss of seal to the vessel wall was deemed important to testing efforts, and
"migration" of the device was ranked a highly important failure mode, as were
separation of modular components and suture breaks.

About sutures, FDA's Dorothy Abel told the gathering, "I'm an optimist, so I
think you should develop your devices so they don't break."

Roy Greenberg replied: "I'm a pessimist and I don't think you can."

Friedman, however, observed that future graft devices won't use either textiles
or sutures, and he urged a focus on testing aimed at "broad issues. . . device
integrity issues," applicable to devices that do not yet exist.

Tomorrow: More from the workshop

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                          Copyright 2001 AHC Media LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              36 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                           November 12, 2016 Saturday

THE NEW YORK STEM CELL FOUNDATION (New York) applies for US Patent titled as
"TISSUE GRAFTS AND METHODS OF MAKING AND USING THE SAME"

LENGTH: 208 words

DATELINE: New York


ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an
application no. 20160324642 for US Patent, published on November 10, 2016, by
THE NEW YORK STEM CELL FOUNDATION (New York), titled as "TISSUE GRAFTS AND
METHODS OF MAKING AND USING THE SAME"  for the registration of patent.



Inventors: Maria de Peppo; Giuseppe; (New York, NY)

Applicant: THE NEW YORK STEM CELL FOUNDATION   New York   NY   US (New York)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "In
some embodiments, the present invention provides tissue grafts, such as
vascularized bone grafts, and methods for preparing and using such tissue grafts
. In some embodiments the tissue grafts are made using pluripotent stem cells,
such as autologous pluripotent stem cells. In some embodiments, the tissue
grafts are made by creating a digital model of a tissue portion to be replaced
or repaired, such as a bone defect, partitioning the model into two or more
model segments, and then producing tissue graft segments having a size and shape
corresponding to that of the model segments. Such tissue graft segments may be
assembled to form a tissue graft having a size and shape corresponding to that
of the tissue portion to be replaced or repaired."


LOAD-DATE: November 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              37 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                           December 24, 2016 Saturday

SPINE WAVE, INC. (Connecticut) applies for US Patent titled as "Instrument and
system for placing graft, implant and graft material for minimally invasive
posterolateral fusion"

LENGTH: 248 words

DATELINE: New York


ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an
application no. 20160367294 for US Patent, published on December 22, 2016, by
SPINE WAVE, INC. (Connecticut), titled as "Instrument and system for placing
graft, implant and graft material for minimally invasive posterolateral fusion"
for the registration of patent.



Inventors: Boyd; Lawrence M.; (Durham, NC) ; Ratcliffe, JR.; John J.; (Wendell,
NC) ; Adamson; Tim E.; (Charlotte, NC) ; Grata; Paul J.; (Miramar, FL)

Applicant: SPINE WAVE, INC.   Shelton   CT   US (Connecticut)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "In
one aspect, an instrument for placing a graft, implant and/or graft material at
a target site for enhancing posterolateral fusion between two or more vertebrae
is provided which includes a housing and an actuable trigger associated with the
housing. A curved rigid access tube extends from the housing, the access tube
terminating at a distal end. A sheath is disposed about, and moveable relative
to the access tube, and a transmission is disposed in the housing. In an initial
state, the sheath extends distally past the distal end of the access tube, a
space being defined within the sheath distally of the distal end of the access
tube to accommodate the graft, implant and/or graft material. The transmission
is configured to cause an incremental displacement of the sheath relative to the
distal end of the access tube upon an actuation of the trigger."


LOAD-DATE: December 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              38 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                            January 13, 2017 Friday

Head Line: US Patent granted to Globus Medical, Inc. (Pennsylvania) on January
10, 2017 titled as "Bone grafts including osteogenic stem cells, and methods
relating to the same"

LENGTH: 209 words

DATELINE: New York


ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no.
9,539,286 on January 10, 2017, to Globus Medical, Inc. (Pennsylvania) titled as
"Bone grafts including osteogenic stem cells, and methods relating to the same"

Inventors: Bhat; Archana (Royersford, PA), Rao; Shairali (Austin, TX),
Laskowitz; Daniel (Lancaster, PA)


Assignee: Globus Medical, Inc. (Audubon, PA) (Pennsylvania)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "Bone
grafts and constructs including stem cells are provided. Example bone grafts
include osteogenic stem cells seeded on a scaffold of osteoconductive
cortico-cancellous chips and/or osteoinductive demineralized bone. Example
constructs include extracellular matrix on a synthetic scaffold, in which the
ECM is secreted from MSCs seeded onto the synthetic scaffold. Also provided are
methods of making the present bone grafts and scaffolds. Further provided are
methods of promoting bone healing and treating wound healing, by administering
the present bone grafts and constructs to a mammal in need thereof. Also
provided are kits that include the present bone grafts and/or constructs, or
components thereof."

The patent was filed on October 18, 2013 Application No. 14/057,806


LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              39 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                           November 9, 2016 Wednesday

Head Line: US Patent granted to Globus Medical, Inc (Pennsylvania) on November
8, 2016 titled as "Bone grafts including osteogenic stem cells, and methods
relating to the same"

LENGTH: 209 words

DATELINE: New York


ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no.
9,486,483 on November 8, 2016, to Globus Medical, Inc (Pennsylvania) titled as
"Bone grafts including osteogenic stem cells, and methods relating to the same"

Inventors: Bhat; Archana (Royersford, PA), Rao; Shairali (Austin, TX),
Laskowitz; Daniel (Lancaster, PA)


Assignee: Globus Medical, Inc. (Audobon, PA) (Pennsylvania)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "Bone
grafts and constructs including stem cells are provided. Example bone grafts
include osteogenic stem cells seeded on a scaffold of osteoconductive
cortico-cancellous chips and/or osteoinductive demineralized bone. Example
constructs include extracellular matrix on a synthetic scaffold, in which the
ECM is secreted from MSCs seeded onto the synthetic scaffold. Also provided are
methods of making the present bone grafts and scaffolds. Further provided are
methods of promoting bone healing and treating wound healing, by administering
the present bone grafts and constructs to a mammal in need thereof. Also
provided are kits that include the present bone grafts and/or constructs, or
components thereof."

The patent was filed on October 18, 2013 Application No. 14/057,860


LOAD-DATE: November 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              40 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                              July 14, 2008 Monday

Healthful living helps grafts thrive

BYLINE: By Dr. Donohue North America Syndicate Inc.

SECTION: HEALTH; News; Health

LENGTH: 413 words


Q: I had a triple coronary artery bypass in April 1998. The vessel used for the
grafts was taken from my leg. A cardiologist tells me that the leg vessel graft
needs replacement in eight years. It is not as good as grafts taken from
arteries in the arm or the chest wall. I feel fine. Am I living on borrowed
time? Why isn't the leg vessel as good as the others?

A: Predictions about the longevity of grafts for clogged arteries are hazardous.
The source of the graft is not the sole factor in its life span; the general
health of the person getting the graft is most important. Diabetes, for example,
has a negative effect on all blood vessels, including grafts. Major lifestyle
changes   watching your weight, keeping your cholesterol low, getting exercise,
paying attention to blood pressure and not smoking   help keep grafts healthy
for a long time.

The leg vessel you speak of is a long and large leg vein. Veins are not the same
as arteries. Arteries have to stand up to higher pressure and are tougher. At
five years, 75 percent of vein grafts are functioning well, and at 15 years, 50
percent are still in good shape. Some last much longer.

The "chest wall" grafts come from arteries within the chest and can stay open
for 20 or more years.

Arm artery grafts, used by many heart surgeons, have a life span between that of
a vein graft and that of the inner chest artery graft.

Q: My doctor told me I should start taking medication for diabetes because my
last reading was 108 (5.9), and the time before 110 (6.1). I informed the doctor
that I would like to try to reduce the count myself without medicine. This did
not please the doctor. I would appreciate your thoughts.

A: You don't have diabetes. You have prediabetes. After an eight-hour fast, a
plasma glucose (blood sugar) of 126 mg/dL (7.0 mmol/L) or higher is diabetes,
and the test should be repeated. A normal blood sugar is one less than 100
(5.6). The in-between numbers are prediabetes. People with prediabetes have to
be watched more closely so they don't become diabetics.

A modest weight loss   5 percent to 10 percent of body weight   can often take a
person out of the prediabetes category. Add some daily exercise   a weekly total
of 150 minutes   and the chances of having a normal blood sugar increase. Brisk
walking is a suitable exercise.

Having a go at lowering blood sugar without medicine shouldn't rile the doctor.

Dr. Paul Donohue appears Mondays. Write to him at P.O. Box 536475, Orlando, FL
32853-6475.

LOAD-DATE: August 15, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2008 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              41 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 11, 2014 Friday

USPTO Published Patent application of TriVascular, Inc titled as "ENDOVASCULAR
GRAFT FOR ANEURYSMS INVOLVING MAJOR BRANCH VESSELS"

LENGTH: 235  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an application no.
20140100650, published on April 10, 2014, by TriVascular, Inc, titled as
"ENDOVASCULAR GRAFT FOR ANEURYSMS INVOLVING MAJOR BRANCH VESSELS" for the
registration of patent.

Inventors:   Chobotov; Michael V.; (Santa Rosa, CA)
Assignee:   TriVascular, Inc.
Santa Rosa
CA

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office:
"Systems and methods for treating diseased bodily lumens involving branched
lumen deployment sites include a main graft or stent-graft deployable in a main
artery and a vent device or stent-graft deployable in a branch artery to
maintain blood flow through the main artery and from the main artery to the
branch artery. Systems and methods for treating diseased bodily lumens involving
branched lumen deployment sites may also include a main graft or stent-graft
deployable in the main artery, a chimney graft or stent-graft deployable in both
branch artery and the main artery to the branch artery and a gutter-sealing
device associated with the chimney graft to prevent flow of blood among the
chimney graft, the main graft and a wall of the main artery."

The Patent was filed on October 10, 2013 under application No. 20140100650

For more information please visit: http://www.uspto.gov/. In case of any query
regarding this article or other content needs please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              42 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                       GlobalData - Business Description

                                February 6, 2017

                                   AlloSource

                                6278 S Troy Cir
                                Centennial 80111
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

OVERVIEW

   AlloSource is a non-profit organization that promotes human tissue donation
and specializes in the development and marketing of bone and soft tissue
allografts for the medical industry. The company offers bone, skin, soft tissue
and custom-machined allografts, including tendons, ligaments, and entire joints.
Allografts are tissues that are transplanted from one human to another human.
The tissue is taken from a deceased donor, which forms a gift from the donor
family that helps in improving the quality of life for the patients. It offers
more than 200 standard and customized precision allografts.

   The company classifies its products into eight categories, namely,
osteobiologics grafts, general orthopedic grafts, spinal grafts, sports medicine
grafts, large grafts, specialty grafts burn care and wound care allografts.

   In Osteobiologics product range, the company offers a range of demineralized
bone matrix (DBM) products including AlloStem cellular bone allograft; AlloFuse
DBM gels, pastes and putties; and AlloFlex cancellous bone allograft. In General
Orthopedic grafts, the company offers non-demineralized and demineralized
cancellous grafts and freeze-dried and frozen structural grafts. The spinal
allograft tissue includes cervical grafts and cervical spacers. Its cervical
grafts are natural bone alternatives to expensive PEEK interbody spacers.
AlloSource offers a variety of cervical spacers including parallel cervical
spacer and textured lordotic cervical spacer.

   In sports medicine grafts, AlloSource supplies a variety of allograft tendons
and tendon configurations including semitendinosus, gracilis, tibialis, peroneus
longus, patella ligament, and Achilles. It produces a wide range of fresh grafts
through its subsidiary, Joint Restoration Foundation. Some of its major products
include menisci, tibial plateaus, osteochondral grafts, osteochondral core,
trochlea, partial hemi-condyle, hemi-condyle, pateller grafts and talar grafts.

   AlloSource's large grafts are used in joint restoration and skeletal
reconstruction. Its large grafts include femur, distal femur, proxima femur,
fibula, radius, ulna, humerus, ilium and tibia. In specialty grafts, the company
offers AlloWrap DS human amniotic membrane and AlloMend acellular dermal matrix.
AlloWrap DS is designed to provide a biologic barrier following surgical repair.
AlloMend is used in soft tissue repair and reconstruction applications such as
ventral hernia repair and abdominal wall reconstruction.

   The company's burn care allografts are used in critical burn patients to aid
in infection control, fluid maintenance and pain control. It also conserves the
use of precious autograft skin. AlloSource's skin allografts show healing
properties in wounds. Its AlloSkin and AlloSkin RT meshed human allograft skin
are used in acute and chronic wound therapy. The company offers its allograft
skin to hospitals and burn centers in the US.

   AlloSource operates in partnership with a number of global healthcare
organizations including Wright Medical Technologies, Stryker Corporation, Abbott
Spine, IsoTis Orthobiologics, Keratec Limited, Osiris Therapeutics and Allograft
Tissue Systems, Inc., among others. These partnerships allow the company to
serve its customers better and expand its range of allograft offerings. Besides,
the company carries out community programs for the improvement of the process of
tissue recovery and support to the donor families. AlloSource works with its
tissue donor communities and recovery partners to ensure the best possible
medical outcomes for recipients.

   AlloSource's facilities are ISO 9001 and ISO 13485 certified. The company has
its operations across the US including Centennial, CO; Buffalo, NY; Chicago, IL;
Cincinnati, OH; Houston, TX; San Diego, CA; and Maryland Heights, MO.


* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Business Description                    Company Overview
Company Product Pipeline Analysis       Company Statement
Events                                  History
Investments                             Key Employee Biographies
Key Employees                           Key Facts
Locations and Subsidiaries              Major Products and Services
SWOT Analysis                           Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: February 6, 2017


                              43 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                           January 28, 2017 Saturday

Head Line: WIPO PUBLISHES PATENT OF NITINOL DEVICES AND COMPONENTS, INC TITLED
AS "GRAFT DIMPLING TO IMPROVE CRIMP PROFILE AND REDUCE DELIVERY FORCES"

LENGTH: 208 words

DATELINE: New York


GENEVA: Publication No. WO/2017/015498 was published on January 26, 2017 by
WIPO.

Title of the invention: GRAFT DIMPLING TO IMPROVE CRIMP PROFILE AND REDUCE
DELIVERY FORCES

Applicants: NITINOL DEVICES AND COMPONENTS, INC. [US/US]; 47533 Westinghouse
Drive Fremont, CA 94539 (US)


Inventors: DUERIG, Thomas; (US)

According to the abstract published by the World Intellectual Property
Organization on its website: "A stent-graft assembly is provided for a variety
of medical treatments. The stent-graft assembly includes a stent disposed to and
attached between an inner layer of graft material and an outer layer of graft
material. One of both of the graft layers includes one or more of a depression,
dimple or detent that increases the localized surface area of the graft in one
or more portions of the stent otherwise susceptible to graft stretching in the
absence of the depression, dimple or detent. There is also described a method of
forming dimples in selective locations on one or port graft layers in one or
more locations relative to a portion of the stent where a portion of the graft
may be susceptible to stretching or tearing during crimping or loading
operations."

The patent was filed on 21.07.2016 under Application No. PCT/US2016/043409


LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              44 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 12, 2014 Friday

US Patent granted to W. L. Gore & Associates, Inc (Delaware) on December 09,
titled as "Stented vascular graft"

LENGTH: 218  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 8,906,081, on
December 09, 2014, to W. L. Gore & Associates, Inc (Delaware), titled as
"Stented vascular graft"

Inventors:  Cully; Edward H. (Flagstaff, AZ), Kanjickal; Deenu (Flagstaff, AZ),
Kilgrow; Bret J. (Flagstaff, AZ), Kovach; Larry J. (Flagstaff, AZ), Stringer;
Timothy T. (Flagstaff, AZ)
Assignee:  W. L. Gore & Associates, Inc. (Newark, DE)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
vascular graft incorporating a stent into a portion of its length. While various
materials may be used for the vascular graft, the graft is preferably an ePTFE
graft. The stent is preferably a self-expanding stent, although it may
alternatively be a balloon expandable stent. The vascular graft preferably has a
continuous inner tubular liner that extends between the opposing ends of the
graft and provides a continuous luminal surface for blood contact that is
uninterrupted by seams or joints. The length portion of the graft that does not
include the stent has a greater wall thickness than does the portion including
the stent."

The patent was filed on September 13, 2007 Application no. 11/854,735

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              45 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                           October 27, 2016 Thursday

NEOGRAFT TECHNOLOGIES, INC. (Massachusetts) applies for US Patent titled as
"ARTIFICIAL GRAFT DEVICES AND RELATED SYSTEMS AND METHODS"

LENGTH: 214 words

DATELINE: New York


ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an
application no. 20160302911 for US Patent, published on October 20, 2016, by
NEOGRAFT TECHNOLOGIES, INC. (Massachusetts), titled as "ARTIFICIAL GRAFT DEVICES
AND RELATED SYSTEMS AND METHODS"  for the registration of patent.



Inventors: SOLETTI; Lorenzo; (Pittsburgh, PA)

Applicant: NEOGRAFT TECHNOLOGIES, INC.   Taunton   MA   US (Massachusetts)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "In
some aspects, a graft device can include a biodegradable inner layer, an outer
layer, a first end portion, a second end portion, and a lumen therebetween. The
biodegradable inner layer typically includes an inner surface and an outer
surface. The outer layer typically includes a fiber matrix surrounding the outer
surface of the inner layer. The graft device can include a reinforced end
portion. At least 10% or at least 50% of the graft device can remain after 90
days of implantation. In some cases, at least 10% or at least 50% of the graft
device can remain after 180 days of implantation. The graft device can include a
kink-resisting element. The graft device can include at least one layer with a
dynamic compliance less than or equal to at least one of: 20%/100 mmHg or 5%/100
mmHg."


LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              46 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                 January 25, 1996 Thursday METRO FINAL EDITION

STUDY SAYS CHEST ARTERIES BETTER IN BYPASS

BYLINE: BYLINE: Tom Majeski, Staff Writer

SECTION: BUSINESS TWIN CITIES; Pg. 6E

LENGTH: 580 words


Patients who undergo coronary bypass surgery have much better long-term survival
rates if one of their grafts was performed with a chest artery rather than a leg
vein, researchers at the Mayo Clinic and elsewhere have found.

The difference was so significant that the researchers recommend cardiac
surgeons use the internal mammary artery to bypass blockages in coronary
arteries whenever possible.

"The (internal mammary artery) graft is a powerful surgical tool and should not
be withheld from any subgroup of patients," according to the study, which is
published in today's edition of the New England Journal of Medicine.

According to the researchers, patients with internal-mammary-artery grafts not
only did better than those with all leg-vein grafts, but the difference also
widened over time.

A major reason for the steadily widening gap is because leg-vein grafts tend to
clog at an accelerating rate over time while internal-mammary-artery grafts show
little or no evidence of clogging, the researchers said.

The most significant improvement comes when the internal mammary artery is used
to bypass the left descending coronary artery, the largest and most important of
the vessels that supply blood to the heart muscle, said Dr. Hartzell Schaff, a
professor of surgery and a consultant in thoracic and cardiovascular surgery at
the Mayo Clinic in Rochester, Minn., Schaff was one of the study's authors.

In the study, the researchers used questionnaires to compare 4,888 patients who
had one or more vein grafts with 749 patients who had a single
internal-mammary-artery graft and may or may not have had additional vein grafts
.

Among other things, the researchers found that the hazard rate for both groups
of patients increased at about the same rate after the first year. But after
eight years, the hazard rate for patients with vein grafts increased more
rapidly than it did for those with internal-mammary-artery grafts.

The two internal mammary arteries run along the inside of both sides of the
chest. Although they feed oxygen-rich blood to the chest wall, doctors have
discovered that they can disconnect both arteries without harming the chest
wall.

By the mid-1980s, surgeons began to realize that patients who had one
internal-mammary-artery graft did better than patients who had only
saphenous-vein grafts, Schaff said.

While earlier studies at various centers confirmed the observation, this study
is unique because it involved a large group of patients from 15 centers. It also
showed that the benefits of internal-mammary grafts increase over time, Schaff
said.

What's more, the study comes at a crucial time in the history of bypass surgery,
he said.

Surgeons currently are attempting to minimize the trauma associated with
coronary bypass surgery. As a result, they are experimenting with a new
substantially less invasive procedure that involves working through several
small chest incisions to perform a single coronary bypass using the internal
mammary artery.

The procedure eliminates the need to saw through the sternum, stop the heart and
put the patient on a heart-lung machine.

If the procedure is perfected, open-chest coronary bypass surgery and
angioplasty - using an inflated balloon to crush blockages - both may be
eclipsed by a minimally invasive technique that safely provides "new" and
biologically better coronary arteries, writes the Cleveland Clinic's Dr. Floyd
Loop in an accompanying editorial.

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                     Copyright 1996 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              47 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 26, 2014 Friday

US Patent granted to Cook Medical Technologies LLC (Indiana) on September 23
titled as "Stent and stent-graft designs"

LENGTH: 248  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 8,840,659, on
September 23, 2014, to Cook Medical Technologies LLC (Indiana), titled as "Stent
and stent-graft designs"

Inventors: Roeder; Blayne A. (Lafayette, IN), Rasmussen; Erik E. (Slagelse, DE),
Gopalakrishnamurthy; Sharath (Bangalore, IN), Dierking; William K. (Louisville,
KY)
Assignee: Cook Medical Technologies LLC (Bloomington, IN)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "The
present embodiments provide stents and stent-grafts for use in medical
procedures. In one embodiment, a stent comprises a series of proximal apices, a
series of distal apices, and at least one imaging element. A distal region of
the stent, including the series of distal apices and a first suture bore,
overlaps with the graft material, while a proximal region of the stent,
including the series of proximal apices and at least one barb, is disposed
proximally beyond the graft material. In an alternative embodiment, a stent-
graft comprises a graft, a first stent and a second stent, in which a series of
proximal apices of the first stent are each disposed distal to the proximal end
of the graft, and a series of proximal apices of the second stent are each
disposed proximally beyond the proximal end of the graft."

The patent was filed on. April 19, 2012 Application no. 13/450,702

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              48 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                              GlobalData - Events

                                January 11, 2017

                                 CeraPedics Inc

                         Suite 1600, 11025 Dover Street
                               Westminster 80021
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * EVENTS * * * * * * * * * *


cerapedics to present preliminary outcomes data from i-factor bone graft study
at cannacord genuity musculoskeletal conference

   Mar 04, 2014

   Cerapedics, Inc., an orthobiologics company focused on developing and
commercializing novel peptide enhanced bone graft products based on its
proprietary synthetic small peptide (P-15) technology platform, announced that
preliminary outcomes data from the company's FDA Investigational Device
Exemption (IDE) clinical trial for i-FACTOR Peptide Enhanced Bone Graft will be
presented at the Canaccord Genuity Musculoskeletal Conference in New Orleans.
The data presentation will be held on Tuesday, March 11, 2014 beginning at 2:00
p.m.Preliminary results from the randomized, controlled, multi-center,
prospective study on the use of i-FACTOR bone graft vs. autograft for
single-level instrumented anterior cervical discectomy and fusion (ACDF)
procedures will be presented by Glen Kashuba, CEO and Jeff Marx, Ph.D.,
president and COO. The pivotal clinical study enrollment was completed on May 1,
2013. The company is currently preparing the final clinical report for
submission to FDA as part of its premarket approval application."The completion
of this landmark clinical trial represents a major milestone for Cerapedics. We
are extremely grateful to all of the investigators and teams who joined in this
effort, and we look forward to reviewing the results at the Canaccord Genuity
Musculoskeletal Conference on March 11," said Mr. Kashuba.


Cerapedics Names Glen A Kashuba As CEO

   May 16, 2013

   Cerapedics, Inc. announced that its board of directors has appointed Glen A
Kashuba as the company's new CEO, effective June 1, 2013 and Dr Jeffrey G Marx
as its president and COO. Kashuba formerly served as worldwide president of
Spine & Bone Healing Technologies, Inc., a Biomet company, while concurrently
serving as senior vice president on Biomet's worldwide operating board,
encompassing Biomet's orthopedics, spine, trauma, biologics and sports medicine
businesses.Kashuba's tenure at Biomet also included the role of worldwide
president for Biomet Spine and Trauma, where he had profit and loss
responsibility for all functional areas, including sales force management and
supply chain optimization. Kashuba's commercial responsibilities included
managing sales of greater than $400m, driven by more than 500 direct and
independent sales representatives. Kashuba was also responsible for launching
more than 25 new products into the market during his tenure at Biomet.Prior to
his leadership roles at Biomet, Kashuba held a number of division president
roles at Johnson & Johnson where he served as worldwide president for Cordis
Endovascular and Neurovascular and as worldwide president for Codman Neuro
Sciences. Kashuba also served as US president for DePuy Spine. Kashuba received
his BS in industrial engineering from Rutgers University. Kashuba succeeds Paul
Mraz, who earlier this year announced his intention to retire from the company.
Marx formerly served as vice president of corporate development at Orthovita,
Inc. Marx had numerous other responsibilities as part of the senior leadership
team during his 13-year tenure. Orthovita was a leading orthobiologics and
biosurgery company that was acquired by Stryker for $318m in 2011. Following the
acquisition, Marx led the integration of Orthovita into Stryker and served as
vice president of corporate development at Stryker Orthobiologics. Marx received
his BS in ceramic science and engineering from Penn State University and his PhD
in ceramic engineering from Missouri University of Science and Technology.
Jonathan Silverstein, chairman of Cerapedics and general partner at OrbiMed,
said, Glen is a well-known and respected leader in the spine and orthopedics
industries. He had many opportunities available to him and we are delighted that
he has chosen to join Cerapedics to lead the company through several upcoming
major value inflection points. Kashuba said, I am honored to join Cerapedics as
CEO and work with the talented group of individuals who have built this company
and brought its unique products to market. Our goal is for Cerapedics to be a
leader in the global bone biologics market by providing a powerful and safe
orthobiologics solution to the clinicians and patients we serve. I look forward
to leading the Cerapedics team to that goal.Silverstein said, The board would
like to thank Paul for his years of service and leadership during which the
company launched i-FACTORâ¢ bone graft in 25+ countries outside the U.S. and
enrolled its U.S. IDE pivotal clinical trial.Marx said, I look forward to
leading Cerapedics through the current FDA submission process and future product
pipeline development. Rarely do you have the opportunity to introduce a whole
new category within an established market like bone grafting, especially one
with such potential to help doctors and patients achieve better outcomes with
safety and reliability.


Cerapedics Announces 10,000th Patient Treated With i-FACTOR Peptide Enhanced
Bone Graft

   Mar 04, 2013

   Cerapedics, Inc., a medical device company, has surpassed another significant
milestone with more than 10,000 patients treated with i-Factor peptide enhanced
bone graft since the product became available outside the US in late 2008.Steve
McAdoo, vice president of marketing at Cerapedics, said, This is a significant
achievement and milestone for the company and confirms that i-factor bone graft
can provide a viable treatment option to both surgeons and patients looking for
an alternative to either autograft harvesting or expensive growth factor
technologies.i-Factor peptide enhanced bone graft incorporates Cerapedics'
proprietary anorganic bone mineral (ABM) and synthetic small peptide (P-15)
technologies for use in a wide variety of spine, trauma and orthopedic surgical
procedures. Cerapedics' i-Factor bone graft received CE Mark in late 2008 and
has been utilized clinically in over 10,000 spine, trauma and orthopedic
surgeries worldwide. Currently, i-Factor bone graft is commercially available in
both a Putty and Flex (flexible strip) form in more than 20 countries outside
the US. i-Factor bone graft is currently being evaluated in the FDA as part of
an investigational device exemption (IDE) clinical study in the cervical spine.
Cerapedics. previously announced the company submitted to the FDA the first
several modules of its premarket approval application (PMA) for its i-Factor
bone graft.


Cerapedics Receives Patent Protecting Method Of Manufacture For i-FACTOR
Biologic Bone Graft In Lyophilized Forms

   Nov 09, 2011

   Cerapedics, Inc. received a new US patent covering the company's i-FACTOR
technology. i-FACTOR biologic bone graft incorporates Cerapedics' anorganic bone
mineral (ABM) and synthetic small peptide (P-15) technologies for use in a wide
variety of spine, trauma and orthopedic surgical procedures. The new patent,
USPN 8,048,443, covers a method for preparing a porous and pliable medical
device useful for repairing bone damage and promoting bone formation in mammals,
incorporating the company's proprietary ABM and P-15 technologies. This
lyophilized, or freeze-dried, manufacturing technique is used to make i-FACTOR
Flex.Dr James Benedict, vice president of Research & Development at Cerapedics,
said, We are extremely pleased to receive another patent that significantly
extends coverage for our pipeline of i-FACTOR based products out to 2027.
Cerapedics continues to pursue several additional patent applications both
inside and outside the U.S. relevant to the company's i-FACTOR platform.
Cerapedics' i-FACTOR biologic bone graft received CE Mark in late 2008 and has
been utilized clinically in nearly 6,000 spine, trauma, and orthopedic surgeries
worldwide. i-FACTOR biologic bone graft is currently being evaluated in the US
(FDA) as part of an investigational device exemption (IDE) clinical study in the
cervical spine.


Cerapedics granted patent protecting the method of manufacture for i-FACTOR
biologic bone graft in Lyophilized forms

   Nov 08, 2011

   Cerapedics, Inc., announced that it has been awarded a new United States
patent covering the company's i-FACTORâ¢ technology. i-FACTOR biologic bone
graft incorporates Cerapedics' proprietary anorganic bone mineral (ABM) and
synthetic small peptide (P-15â¢) technologies for use in a wide variety of
spine, trauma and orthopedic surgical procedures.The new patent, USPN 8,048,443,
covers a method for preparing a porous and pliable medical device useful for
repairing bone damage and promoting bone formation in mammals, incorporating the
company's proprietary ABM and P-15 technologies. This lyophilized, or
freeze-dried, manufacturing technique is used to make i-FACTOR Flex."We are
extremely pleased to receive another patent that significantly extends coverage
for our pipeline of i-FACTOR based products out to 2027," said James Benedict,
PhD - Vice President of Research & Development at Cerapedics. "Cerapedics
continues to pursue several additional patent applications both inside and
outside the U.S. relevant to the company's i-FACTOR platform." Cerapedics'
i-FACTOR biologic bone graft received CE Mark in late 2008 and has been utilized
clinically in nearly 6,000 spine, trauma, and orthopedic surgeries worldwide.
i-FACTOR biologic bone graft is currently being evaluated in the United States
(FDA) as part of an Investigational Device Exemption (IDE) Clinical Study in the
cervical spine.


Prospective, Randomized, Controlled Trial Demonstrates 98% Fusion Rate with
i-FACTOR Biologic Bone Graft and Superiority versus Autograft in Single- and
Multi-Level PLIF Spine Surgery

   Apr 11, 2011


* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Company Investment Analysis             Company Overview
Events                                  Investments
Key Employees                           Key Facts
Major Products and Services             Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2017


                              49 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Herald (Rock Hill, South Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            January 26, 2009 Monday

Tega Cay burn victim begins skin graft procedure

BYLINE: Mary Jo Balasco, The Herald, Rock Hill, S.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 950 words


Jan. 26--Within days of the outdoor fireplace accident in which Connor McKemey
was burned last month, grafts of his skin were growing in a laboratory to
replace burned tissue.

Now, surgeons are beginning the long process of placing those grafts over his
body to form new skin.

Surgeons at the Joseph M. Still Burn Center in Augusta, Ga., recently spent four
hours placing 72 of the grafts -- called Cultured Epidermal Autografts, or CEAs
-- on Connor's neck, back, chest and sides, his mother, Karin McKemey, said.

It was the first in a series of surgeries that 13-year-old Connor will undergo
in coming weeks to cover his wounds with skin, Karin said. So far, she said, the
grafts are "looking good."

Connor was burned just days before Christmas at his parent's Tega Cay home when
their backyard fireplace erupted. Karin, who was burned trying to help Connor,
was released from the center last month.

Connor -- with burns on more than 85 percent of his body -- doesn't have enough
healthy skin to cover the wounds. So, a combination of cultured grafts and his
own was used, Karin said.

She said Connor, who has been in a medically induced coma, had enough healthy
skin for his face. The natural skin was used for his face because the color will
match more closely, she said.

On Monday, she said, doctors plan another surgery to place 96 more grafts of the
cultured skin on Connor's arms, legs, hands and feet.

The grafts were grown from a sample of healthy skin -- about the size of a
postage stamp -- that surgeons clipped from Connor's body after his arrival at
the burn center, Karin said.

While the new skin grew in a Cambridge, Mass., lab, surgeons at the Augusta
center worked almost daily for more than three weeks cutting burned skin, one
area at a time, from Connor's face, arms, legs, back and chest.

Then, they temporarily covered the areas with cadaver skin in preparation for
grafts.

After sending the lab a skin biopsy, surgeons measure a patient's wounds and
calculate how many cultured grafts will be needed, said Dr. Robert Mullins, a
surgeon at the burn center.

At the laboratory, technicians spend about five days preparing a skin sample to
be grown into cultured grafts, said Gail Pituck, clinical specialist for Epicel
Genzyme Biosurgery, which produces the grafts.

Skin cells are separated from the sample and placed in a flask so they can
reproduce. The cells in one flask produce enough skin for one graft, Pituck
said.

In the laboratory, skin cells reproduce faster than in the body because they are
in an ideal setting -- in an incubator at body temperature, 98.6 degrees
Fahrenheit, where they are fed a high-nutrient food called a media, she said.

"It's like running a newborn nursery. They have to be fed and kept warm," Pituck
said.

Every day, lab technicians inspect each flask containing the duplicating cells,
change the nutrient media and calculate how much growth has occurred, she said.

After about two weeks in the lab, the skin cells replicate to form a cultured
graft the size of a playing card. Then they are ready to be transported to the
burn center, Pituck said.

The cultured grafts consist of only the top layer of skin, called the epidermis,
so they are very thin -- between two and eight cell layers thick, Pituck said.
Normal skin consists of three layers.

Because of the delicacy of the cultured grafts, as many as 25 technicians are
required to remove each graft from the flask it grew in, she said. Then, it is
clipped to a piece of petrolatum gauze and placed in a carrier dish.

Up to 48 dishes are placed in one transport box, which is kept cool to slow the
reproduction of the cells, she said. The box is sealed and hand-delivered to the
burn center.

A surgeon places the skin side of the graft onto the wound bed, and the
petrolatum backing is left on facing upward, Pituck said. The graft is stapled
in place. Enough grafts are placed to cover an area of wound and then, a netted
dressing is applied, Pituck said.

It takes about a week for the grafts to attach to the body. Seven to 10 days
after placement, the dressings, staples and petrolatum gauze backings are
removed, Mullins said.

Pituck said cultured grafts might look different from natural skin because
fragile melanocyte cells, which gives skin its color, might not reproduce in the
same quantity as in natural skin. Cultured skin does not have hair follicles,
which gives it a smoother look, Pituck said.

The fragile grafts require special care. A bili light is shined on them
periodically during the first few days to dry them, which might reduce the risk
of infection, Mullins said.

After his first grafting surgery, Connor has been kept highly sedated and turned
every two hours so that pressure does not harm the grafts, said Karin.

Once wounds are grafted, they take about a year to heal, Mullins said. But the
skin usually grows enough to close the wound in a few weeks.

In a week, if Connor's second grafting surgery goes well, Karin said doctors
will allow Connor to come out of the medical induced coma for a few minutes.

"I can't tell you how much I want to see his eyes and hear his voice again,"
Karin said. "Every day, we get closer to that moment, and I truly believe that
faith, prayer and the sheer will of this community is what is getting us there."

Mary Jo Balasco -- 803-329-4067

To see more of The Herald, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.heraldonline.com. Copyright (c) 2009, The Herald, Rock Hill, S.C.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090126-RH-HLT-Tega-Cay-burn-victim-begins-skin-graft-procedure-0126

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RH


                           Copyright 2009 The Herald


                              50 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Erie Times-News (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            April 10, 2013 Wednesday

BRIEF: Horse recovering from burns itching for final skin grafts

BYLINE: Valerie Myers, Erie Times-News, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 174 words


April 10--The horse that was soaked with accelerant and set on fire in his
Crawford County pasture in August is back at Ohio State University's veterinary
school for what might be a final round of skin grafts next week.

But in the meantime, Northstar is itching to get at older grafts that are
replacing tissue destroyed by extensive burns. The grafts, while "taking"
nicely, apparently feel like they need to be scratched, Jessie Woodworth said.
Woodworth and her husband, Bob, of Union City, own Northstar.

The young pinto is wearing padding and other protective gear to keep him from
biting at or rolling on the skin grafts. But the itching is to be expected and
is not severe, veterinarians told the Woodworths.

Northstar was set on fire in Athens Township, near Union City, on Aug. 25. The
cruelty sparked a firestorm among animal lovers and an outpouring of money to
help pay for the horse's continued care.

___ (c)2013 the Erie Times-News (Erie, Pa.) Visit the Erie Times-News (Erie,
Pa.) at www.GoErie.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130410-EI-BRF-Horse-recovering-from-burns-itching-for-final-skin-
grafts-0410-20130410

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EI


                         Copyright 2013 Erie Times-News


                              51 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 18, 2015 Saturday

Washington: Enforcement Report of Instrument Kit for use with OsteoSponge SC
grafts. The Instrument Kit is used to insert OsteoSponge SC grafts to fill bone
defects in the subchondral region of articulating joints. The Instrument Kit

LENGTH: 384  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Food and Drug Administration, The Government of USA has issued the following
enforcement report:


Instrument Kit for use with OsteoSponge SC grafts. The Instrument Kit is used to
insert OsteoSponge SC grafts to fill bone defects in the subchondral region of
articulating joints. The Instrument Kit is used to establish and maintain a port
of entry for arthroscopic instruments or for an open procedure. The kit is also
used to insert the OsteoSponge® SC graft during surgery. Such procedures
include, but are not limited to, subchondral bone repair. Affected Part numbers
are 6508 and 6511.


Recall Number  Z-1396-2015
Classification  Class II
Code Info  SERIAL NUMBERS: 004, 005, 006, 009, 010, 011, 012, 018, 019, 020,
021, 022, 023, 024, 025, 026, 029, 30, 033, 036, 038, 040, 045, 048, 060, 063,
064, 065, 066, 067, 068, 069, 070, 071, 072, 073, 074, 075, 076, 077, 079, 081,
082, 083, 084, 085, 086, 087, 088, 089, 090, 091, 092, 093, 094, 095, 096, 097,
098, 099, 100, 101, and 102.
Product Distributed Qty  63 units
Reason For Recall  Instrument Kits for use with OsteoSponge SC grafts and with
the with the OsteoLock Facet Stabilization Dowel and BacFast HD Facet Dowel are
recalled because the recommended sterilization parameters located in the
Instruction for Use (IFU) and on the lid of the kits were not correct. The firm
did not have validated sterilization parameters for the Steam Gravity 121 degree
Celcius (250 degree Farenheit) cycle and the dry time for the recommended
sterilization parameters for the Steam Pre-Vacuum 132 degree Celcius (270 degree
Farenheit) cycle had been inadvertently omitted.
Event Detail
Event Id  70744
Product Type  Devices
Status  Ongoing
Recalling Firm  Bacterin International, Inc.
City  Belgrade
State  MT
Country  US
Voluntary / Mandated  Voluntary: Firm Initiated
Recall Initiation Date  2015-03-09
Initial Firm Notification of Consignee or Public  Letter
Distribution Pattern  US Distribution in states of: Alabama, Arizona, Arkansas,
Colorado, Florida, Georgia, Illinois, Indiana, Louisiana, Maryland, Michigan,
Minnesota, Mississippi, Missouri, Nebraska, New Jersey, New York, North
Carolina, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Puerto Rico, Texas, and Virginia.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              52 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                            April 3, 2013 Wednesday

International wine has roots in Deming

BYLINE: By Terry Meyers, for the Headlight

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 498 words


Paolo D'Andrea, general manager of Swiss-owned New Mexico Vineyards Inc., lives
and breaths wine.

The company operates a 300 acre vineyard, which sits west of town off NM 418.

"I grew up as a child in the Northeast part of Italy in the family business
growing grapes for wine and so it has been my whole life," D'Andrea said. "I was
approached by this company fresh out of college."

New Mexico Vineyards Inc. is the largest vineyard in New Mexico with a clientele
of 25 different wineries that the company sell grapes to. Those clients hail
from Texas, Arizona and New Mexico.

Growing grapes is the main part of the business, but the nursery is a vital
component to the vineyard business. Within the nursery, D'Andrea concentrates on
the grafting of vines, which are sold commercially.

First different varieties of root stocks are sorted through and separated. Then
a variety of different varietal scions - the part of the plant that produces the
leaves, buds and fruit - such as Chardonnay, Cabernet and many other varieties
of grapes are grafted in to the root stocks. After the two are grafted together,
they are then dipped in wax to give the graft time to build up a callus around
where the root stock and varietal scions were grafted together.

The graftings are then placed in large boxes where they are covered in saw dust
to trap humidity. The boxes are then placed in a large room for three weeks at a
temperature of 90 degrees. After the three week period employees check to see if
the callus are strong enough for planting. Then the plants are planted close
together in soil.

Once placed in the soil, the root system starts to grow. Planting season runs
from May to November.

Special plows are used to pull the grafts out of the ground after the growing
period to check the growth of the root system and to make sure the graft is good
and firm. If all looks well, the grafts are then put into bundles of 25 and
tagged with the type of rootstock used and with the name of the variety of the
graft used. The bundles are then placed in cold storage at 35 degrees until
springtime. The grafts are then sold to vineyards to be planted for the season.

In much of the world, grapes are grown on a grafted root due to soil issues.

"In the soil we have problems," D'Andrea said. "Because the soil may be sandy or
salty, or it has nematode which, under a microscope, looks like little worms
that attack the roots."

Each year the nursery sales an average of 135,000 grafts. The Deming nursery is
the largest nursery in the southwest excluding California. The nurseries
strongest customer is, by far, Mexico. In the United States, the strongest
customer is Texas.

The vineyard has 18 full time employees and during harvest, 50 to 60 seasonal
workers are employed for two months.

D'Andrea and his wife Sylvia also own Luna Rossa Winery where, they not only
sell wine by the bottle but also house a gift store and wine bar. Luna Rossa is
located at 3710 W. Pine St. For more information, call (575) 526-2484.

LOAD-DATE: April 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Paolo D'Andrea general manager of New Mexico Vineyards Inc. and owner
of Luna Rossa Winery is shown holding two grafts. The left graft is in the
beginning stage where the graft is freshly attached to a root stock. D'Andrea
holds in his right hand the finished graft with roots in place.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2013 Deming Headlight, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              53 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                             March 2, 2017 Thursday

Head Line: US Patent granted to Globus Medical Inc (Pennsylvania) on February
28, 2017 titled as "Bone grafts and methods of making and using bone grafts"

LENGTH: 150 words

DATELINE: New York


ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no.
9,579,421 on February 28, 2017, to Globus Medical Inc (Pennsylvania) titled as
"Bone grafts and methods of making and using bone grafts"

Inventors: Bhat; Archana (Royersford, PA), Laskowitz; Dan (Lancaster, PA), Joe;
Patrick (Royersford, PA), Adams; Mark (Downingtown, PA), Boyer, II; Michael Lee
(Phoenixville, PA)


Assignee: Globus Medical Inc. (Audubon, PA) (Pennsylvania)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office:
"Provided herein are bone grafts and methods of making and using the same, as
well as products and kits that include such bone grafts. In particular, bone
grafts are provided that include osteogenic stem cells in a mix of
osteoinductive demineralized bone matrix and osteoconductive cortico-cancellous
chips."

The patent was filed on February 7, 2014 Application No. 14/175,184


LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              54 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Erie Times-News (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            April 11, 2013 Thursday

Horse recovering from burns itching for final skin grafts

BYLINE: Valerie Myers, Erie Times-News, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 477 words


April 11--The horse that was doused with accelerant and set on fire in his Union
City-area pasture in August is back at Ohio State University's veterinary school
for what might be a final round of skin grafts next week.

Meanwhile, Northstar is itching to get at earlier grafts that replaced burned
tissue. The grafts are "taking nicely" but apparently feel as if they need to be
scratched, said Jessie Woodworth. She and her husband, Bob, own Northstar.

The pinto is wearing protective padding and the equine equivalent of a "cone of
shame" to prevent him from biting at or rolling on the skin grafts, but those
indignities haven't broken his spirit.

"He's really showing his true colors. He's jumping around and being a horse,
because springtime is coming, too," Jessie Woodworth said. "He's pretty amazing.
I can't say what I'd be doing in his place, but I don't think I'd be doing so
well."

Northstar was set on fire by an unknown attacker on Aug. 25. He's since
undergone a series of skin grafts at the Columbus, Ohio, veterinary school and
has been recuperating between procedures at a nearby farm. He's also been
growing hair on his own, especially on his face, neck and near his tail.

"He's amazing," Jessie Woodworth said.

Next week's grafts will use pieces of skin taken from areas where Northstar was
not burned and expanded to four times their size to cover areas where he was
burned. The new procedure, called dermatome mesh expansion, will be used on the
horse's shoulders and back.

Also new is the team that will do the new skin grafts: Ohio State veterinarian
Sam Hurcombe and Dr. Larry Jones, director of the human burn center at Ohio
State's medical center, said Jayne May, who manages the Northstar Equine
Foundation Inc. The foundation was formed to raise money for Northstar's
transportation and continued care.

"So many of the procedures that Northstar has had, other animals have never had.
He's blazing ground," May said.

If the next round of skin grafts is successful, Northstar will come home to an
undisclosed stable in northwestern Pennsylvania this spring.

"It will be so good to have him so close," Jessie Woodworth said. The Woodworths
have been driving to and from Columbus to visit the horse.

The attack on Northstar sparked a firestorm among animal lovers who banded
together to raise money for his care and to press for stiffer penalties for
animal cruelty.

The pinto also captured hearts around the world. He has been featured in the
Huffington Post and on NBCNews.com and received an assortment of blankets, toys
and other gifts at Christmas and for his birthday in February. Northstar is 7
years old.

VALERIE MYERS can be reached at 878-1913 or by e-mail. Follow her on Twitter at
twitter.com/ETNmyers.

___ (c)2013 the Erie Times-News (Erie, Pa.) Visit the Erie Times-News (Erie,
Pa.) at www.GoErie.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130411-EI-Horse-recovering-from-burns-itching-for-final-skin-grafts
-0411-20130411

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EI


                         Copyright 2013 Erie Times-News


                              55 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Medical Device Daily

                            October 13, 2006 Friday

Medtronic wins IDE for cervical fusion via Infuse Bone Graft

LENGTH: 520 words

Medtronic wins IDE for cervical fusion via Infuse Bone Graft

By KAREN YOUNG  Medical Device Daily Staff Writer   The spinal division
(Memphis, Tennessee) of Medtronic (Minneapolis) reported that the FDA has
granted an investigational device exemption (IDE) to conduct a clinical trial to
study Infuse Bone Graft in a cervical spinal fusion.

The investigational device will consist of Infuse Bone Graft inside a
polyetheretherketone (PEEK) polymer interbody spacer used with an anterior
cervical plate as a method of facilitating spinal fusion. The Infuse Bone Graft
/LT-Cage device is designed to restore degenerated disc space to its original
height

The goal of the trial is to evaluate whether Infuse Bone Graft is a safe and
effective alternative to traditional bone grafting techniques for cervical spine
fusions, the company said.

"The objective of this study is to demonstrate that Infuse Bone Graft combined
with a PEEK spacer and anterior cervical plate is a safe and proven treatment
that induces reliable fusions," said Ken Burkus, MD, a spine surgeon from
Columbus, Georgia.

Infuse Bone Graft is a bone growth protein currently approved for use in an
anterior lumbar interbody fusion (ALIF) procedure in combination with a metallic
cage implant. The active ingredient in Infuse Bone Graft is recombinant human
bone morphogenetic protein-2 (rhBMP-2). The intent of this study is to expand
the approved indications to include anterior cervical fusion procedures.

"Infuse is a protein, it generates bone growth," a Medtronic spokesperson told
Medical Device Daily. "At least, that's what it's shown in the lumbar spine
[and] that's part of this trial to determine if it works just as well in the
cervical spine as it does in the lumbar spine."

The spokesperson said that Medtronic is "hopeful" that the new trial would
demonstrate that Infuse is equally effective in the cervical spine.

Since its initial release in July 2002 as the active component in Infuse Bone
Graft, rhBMP-2 had been used to treat more than 150,000 patients as of September
2005, according to Medtronic (Medical Device Daily, Sept. 30, 2005).

In September, Medtronic reported that an article in The Journal of Bone and
Joint Surgery (June 2006) shows that Infuse Bone Graft, recombinant human bone
morphogenetic protein-2 on an absorbable collagen sponge, helped patients with
severe tibial trauma heal sooner and reduced the need for a follow-up bone graft
to treat a delayed mending of the treated bones (MDD, September12, 2006).

The article reported that patients who received Infuse Bone Graft also had a
significantly lower rate of post-operative infection and could place
load-bearing weight on their injured legs faster than those who did not receive
the graft.

Medtronic reported in January that the Australian Therapeutic Goods
Administration approved the company's Infuse Bone Graft/LT-Cage, Inter Fix and
Inter Fix RP devices for spinal fusion (MDD, Jan. 30, 2006).

In the U.S., more than 200,000 individuals undergo spine fusions to treat
degenerative changes in the cervical spine, according to Medtronic.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                          Copyright 2006 AHC Media LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              56 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 10, 2015 Friday

US Patent granted to Sanford Health (SD) on April 07, 2015 titled as "Pararenal
stent graft and methods for use"

LENGTH: 219  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 8,998,971, on
April 07, 2015, to Sanford Health (SD), titled as "Pararenal stent graft and
methods for use"

Inventors:  Kelly; Patrick W. (Sioux Falls, SD)
Assignee:  Sanford Health (Sioux Falls, SD)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office:
"Example stent grafts and methods for placement thereof are provided. An example
stent graft may include (a) a main body stent graft defining a lumen having an
inlet defined at a proximal end of the main body stent graft and having an
outlet defined at a distal end of the main body stent graft, (b) a
visceral-vessel opening defined in a sidewall of the main body stent graft
between the proximal end and the distal end of the main body stent graft, (c) a
diaphragm disposed within the lumen of the main body stent graft and coupled to
the main body stent graft, wherein a first renal inlet, a second renal inlet, an
infrarenal inlet and a visceral inlet are defined in the diaphragm and (d) a
visceral chamber defined by a sidewall coupled to the visceral inlet and to the
visceral-vessel opening."

The patent was filed on June 23, 2014 Application no. 14/311,733

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              57 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Pittsburgh Post-Gazette (Pennsylvania)

                          September 15, 2011 Thursday
                                 SOONER EDITION

AT LONG LAST, DADDY'S HOME;
'IT'S A BIG SACRIFICE FOR THEM BEING GONE, BUT THIS WAS DIFFERENT ... THEY
MISSED THE BIRTH OF THEIR CHILDREN.'

BYLINE: Dan Majors, Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B-1

LENGTH: 356 words


Wednesday was a special day for senior airmen Keith Graft and Domenic Mash. The
members of the 911th Airlift Wing returned from a seven-month deployment to meet
their new commanding officer for the first time.

That might have been overshadowed, however, earlier in the day, when the two men
met their newborn children for the first time in a surprise reunion with their
wives on national television.

Airman Graft of Greensburg and Airman Mash of Windber, Cambria County, were
among 18 members of the 911th who volunteered in March for Security Forces
service in Afghanistan. They did so even though their wives were pregnant.

"It's a big sacrifice for them being gone, but this was different because they
missed the birth of their children," said Col. Jim Finney, who assumed the role
of vice wing commander at the base Monday. "It epitomizes the concept of service
before self."

Airman Mash's wife, Katlyn, gave birth to daughter Savannah Jean Mash on Aug.
11. Airman Graft's wife, Lauren, gave birth to son Blake Alan Graft on Aug. 22.
The men had seen their children only over the Internet.

With their deployment ended, the servicemen teamed with relatives, members of
the military and the staff at CNN to spring an unexpected reunion with their
wives Wednesday in the Atlanta studio of HLN's "Morning Express with Robin
Meade."

The wives, with their babies cradled in their arms, were under the impression
they would be greeting their husbands over the airwaves. Only minutes into their
interview, their husbands appeared from backstage.

"It was absolutely the best feeling. And to see him holding his baby for the
first time. It was amazing," Ms. Graft said upon their arrival at Pittsburgh
International Airport, where the servicemen were welcomed by more than two dozen
members of their unit.

"I've been holding him as much as possible," Airman Graft said. "I don't want to
let go of him."

Ms. Mash said she had suspected that there might be a surprise reunion, but
relatives and military officials assured her that her husband was still
overseas. "They had me so I didn't expect a thing," she said of the tearful
reunion. "It was incredible."

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Vaughn Wallace/Post-Gazette: Barbara Denning, left, greets her
son, Senior Airman Keith Graft, at Pittsburgh International Airport as he
returns Wednesday from a seven-month deployment to Afghanistan. Airman Graft is
holding his son, Blake, who was born while the airman was deployed. At rear is
Airman Graft's sister, Nadine Young.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2011 P.G. Publishing Co.


                              58 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               India Pharma News

                        May 28, 2013 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

Medtronic Reports Initial Implants of Novel Stent Graft for Aortic Aneurysms
Involving Branch Vessel

LENGTH: 798  words


New Delhi, May 28 -- Vascular specialists at Carolinas HealthCare System in
Charlotte, N.C., and the Cleveland Clinic in Ohio recently performed the initial
implants of a novel stent graft system from Medtronic, Inc. (NYSE: MDT) as part
of a U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) initiative designed to encourage
more early-stage clinical research on new medical devices in the United States.
These implants were among the first to be performed under this FDA early
feasibility pilot program, which includes a total of nine medical devices from
different companies.



The first device of its kind to undergo clinical evaluation anywhere in the
world, Medtronic's Valiant Mona LSA branch stent graft system is designed to
enable the repair of thoracic aortic aneurysms encroaching on the left
subclavian artery (LSA) with an entirely endovascular approach. Its initial
usage earlier this month marks a major step forward in the company's efforts to
develop standardized stent graft systems to treat aneurysms throughout the aorta
when the involvement of a branch vessel requires the stent graft to allow
perfusion of critical organs or tissue.

Investigators Envision Future

"A standardized stent graft system that addresses the anatomical variability in
thoracic aortic aneurysms involving the LSA could make this repair technique
even less invasive for a large number of patients," said the study's primary
investigator, Dr. Eric Roselli, a cardiothoracic surgeon at the Cleveland
Clinic. "This trial is a first step toward developing more disease-specific and
patient-specific devices to treat a very complex disease problem."

Dr. Frank Arko, a vascular surgeon at Carolinas HealthCare System's Sanger Heart
& Vascular Institute and the site's lead investigator, added: "This endovascular
treatment for aortic aneurysms provides an important alternative to open-chest
operations. By eliminating the need for invasive surgeries, we should be able to
reduce certain complications and hopefully improve outcomes for patients facing
a life-threatening illness."

Approved by the FDA under an investigational device exemption, the clinical
study of Medtronic's Valiant Mona LSA branch stent graft system may enroll a
total of seven patients at Carolinas HealthCare System and the Cleveland Clinic
combined.

"This study will advance the development of future devices for the endovascular
repair of aortic aneurysms that involve branch vessels," said Tony Semedo,
president and general manager of Medtronic's Endovascular Therapies business.
"It represents a gateway to stent grafts that could be used to treat aneurysmal
disease across the aorta's thoracic arch and ascending segment."

The investigational device is based on the market-leading Valiant thoracic stent
graft, which has been used to treat approximately 45,000 patients worldwide
since 2005 when it received the CE (Conformite Europeene) mark. It features
modifications to the standard device, including a branch cuff that accommodates
the LSA branch graft.

The LSA carries oxygenated blood to the posterior brain and left arm. Published
reports show a higher rate of stroke and mortality associated with coverage of
the LSA during endovascular repair of thoracic aortic aneurysms. As a result,
the Society for Vascular Surgery suggests routine revascularization of the LSA
in elective cases where achievement of an adequate seal zone for the stent graft
requires coverage of the LSA.

Approximately 60,000 people in the United States are living with a thoracic
aortic aneurysm, a dangerous bulge in the body's main artery near where it
originates from the heart that can rupture with catastrophic consequences if
left untreated -- although only about half are ever diagnosed, due to lack of
symptoms. In an estimated 40 percent of these patients, the aneurysm encroaches
on the LSA, making an entirely endovascular repair more challenging.

A stent graft is a tubular medical device consisting of a metal frame, or stent,
sewn onto a polyester fabric, or graft. It is delivered through a pre-loaded
catheter inserted in the patient's femoral artery. Once deployed, the stent
graft conforms to the wall of the aorta, creating a new path for blood flow that
reduces pressure on the aneurysm and the risk of rupture.

In collaboration with leading clinicians, researchers and scientists worldwide,
Medtronic offers the broadest range of innovative medical technology for the
interventional and surgical treatment of cardiovascular disease and cardiac
arrhythmias. The company strives to offer products and services that deliver
clinical and economic value to healthcare consumers and providers around the
world.

Drs. Arko and Roselli are both paid consultants and speakers for Medtronic. Dr.
Roselli serves on an unrelated Medtronic advisory board.

LOAD-DATE: May 29, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2013 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              59 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Medical Device Daily

                            January 17, 2003 Friday

Product Briefs

LENGTH: 952 words


Product Briefs

· Boston Scientific (Natick, Massachusetts) has completed enrollment in its
TAXUS VI drug-coated stent trial. TAXUS VI is an international study totaling
448 patients with complex coronary artery disease at 44 sites. It is designed to
establish the safety and efficacy of the moderate-release formulation in the
treatment of longer lesions (greater than or equal to 18 mm in length). The
TAXUS VI trial is using Boston Scientific's internally developed Express stent.
The trial, which includes the use of multiple stents, has a primary endpoint
based on nine-month target vessel revascularization. The TAXUS program is a
series of clinical studies designed to collect data on the company's
polymer-based, paclitaxel-eluting stent technology for reducing coronary
restenosis, the growth of neointimal tissue within an artery after angioplasty
and stenting.

· Collagen Matrix (Franklin Lakes, New Jersey) has received CE mark approval for
its Collagen Bone Healing Patch. The Collagen Bone Healing Patch is a
resorbable, flexible, collagen-based membrane intended for maintaining the
position of bony fragments and/or bone graft substitute materials and to assist
in wound healing in guided/ protected bone regeneration procedures. The product
is indicated for use at both the implant site and the autograft donor site in
bone graft procedures, such as mandibular bone graft procedures, alveolar ridge
repair, cranial bone graft procedures, maxillofacial bone graft procedures and
iliac crest autograft procedures. The patch can be used in conjunction with
rigid fixation devices.

· eResearchTechnology (Philadelphia, Pennsylvania), an e-research technology and
services provider, has entered into an agreement to provide an integrated
technology and services solution that includes an end-to-end clinical research
platform for the U.S. Army Medical Research Institute of Infectious Diseases
(USAMRIID). ERT's eResearch Network, an integrated suite of applications for
clinical data management, trial management and monitoring, and adverse event
management and reporting, will be deployed to support clinical development and
related activities of the Special Immunizations Program at USAMRIID (Fort
Detrick, Maryland) USAMRIID is the Department of Defense's lead laboratory for
medical aspects of biological warfare defense. Its charter includes the conduct
of research to develop vaccines, drugs and diagnostics for laboratory and field
use. eRT is participating in the initiative with prime contractor Raven Microhan
(Herndon, Virginia).

· Meridian Bioscience (Cincinnati, Ohio) has received from the U.S. Patent and
Trademark Office a notice of allowance for a patent titled "Biological Sampling
and Storage Container Utilizing a Desiccant." The patent relates to a device for
the sampling and storing of specific biological samples used in medical testing.
This allowance complements a patent that was granted earlier (No. 6,299,842),
Meridian said, and strengthens the company's position with respect to
transporting samples under desiccated (dried) conditions. The Meridian patents
describe a device that can be used for easily collecting and storing samples,
particularly feces, which need to be maintained in a relatively dry atmosphere.
This dry atmosphere stabilizes the biologicals so that testing can occur at a
later date. This invention is simple enough to be used at home, allowing the
patient to mail the device directly to the lab for further processing and
testing.

· MDS (Toronto, Ontario) said its MDS Sciex division has launched the first in a
series of proteomics separation product lines called ProteoSpin. MDS Sciex said
the new products are based on a technology developed and licensed by Norgen
Biotek, a private Canadian company. In a recent agreement, Norgen Biotek granted
MDS Sciex an exclusive license to commercialize and collaborate on research and
development of future products in the area of proteomics using silicon carbide.
The new product line includes the ProteoSpin concentration and de-salting kits,
"which are fast and easy alternative methods to purify and concentrate protein
samples," MDS Sciex said. It said the kits are designed to speed up the process
of producing high-purity biological samples for a variety of downstream
applications including gel electrophoresis and mass spectrometry.

· Misonix (Farmingdale, New York) said that Focus Surgery (Indianapolis,
Indiana) has received approval from the government of China to sell its
Sonablate device in that country. Misonix currently owns approximately 20% of
Focus Surgery and has the exclusive right to produce its products. The Sonablate
was approved for both benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH) and prostate cancer
treatment. The first site is the First Peoples Hospital (Fosham, Guangzhou),
where 15 BPH patients have been successfully treated to date. Misonix
manufactures or markets medical, scientific and industrial ultrasonic and air
pollution systems.

· Neoprobe (Dublin, Ohio), developer of oncology and cardiovascular surgical and
diagnostic products, was issued U. S. patent No. 6,503,205 covering key aspects
of the blood flow measurement technology of its wholly owned Cardiosonix
subsidiary. The claims of the patent cover a broad scope of Cardiosonix
innovations in the measurement of blood flow in a variety of clinical settings,
including neurosurgery, cardiovascular surgery and intensive care. The
Cardiosonix technology is based upon its proprietary ADBF technology that is
included in the recently issued patent. The Quantix/ND, Cardiosonix' first
product for the measurement of cerebral blood flow, has received regulatory
clearances for marketing in the U.S. and Europe.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                          Copyright 2003 AHC Media LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              60 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Medical Device Daily

                            July 23, 2008 Wednesday

Gore Propaten graft data strong in several early clinical studies

LENGTH: 1105 words


Gore Propaten graft data strong in several early clinical studies

By AMANDA PEDERSEN, Medical Device Daily Staff Writer

The Gore Propaten vascular graft should be the synthetic graft of choice in
lower-limb and dialysis access applications, according to clinical data reported
by product manufacturer W.L. Gore & Associates (Flagstaff, Arizona) yesterday.

Ongoing Propaten vascular graft studies report primary patency rates as high as
79% at one year for below-knee bypasses, according to Gore. In comparison, prior
to the Propaten vascular graft being available, non-heparin-bonded synthetic
grafts achieved an average primary patency rate of 66% in below-knee bypass
procedures at one year.

Gore said these "encouraging" interim results were presented to clinical
audiences at the 2008 annual meeting for the Society of Vascular Surgery (SVS;
Chicago) in San Diego.

"We are extremely pleased to see the positive study results of the Gore Propaten
vascular graft in lower limb and dialysis access applications," said Deenu
Kanjickal, PhD, product specialist for the product. "More than 15,000 Gore
Propaten vascular grafts have been successfully implanted worldwide since
commercial availability."

Gore says the Propaten surgical graft is the first of its kind on the market
approved for the treatment of peripheral arterial disease (PAD) in the lower
extremities. The graft is designed to address the gap in clinical performance
between synthetic and vein grafts by bonding the anticoagulant drug heparin to
the surface of the graft, with the potential to reduce thrombosis or clotting.

FDA cleared the device in 2006. At that time, Kanjickal called it a
"game-changing technology" during a phone conversation with Medical Device Daily
.

"I still think it is a game-changing product," Kanjickal told MDD yesterday. "At
the time of the release we had a lot of data from Europe that spoke to the
Propaten vascular graft. What has happened since then, especially with the SVS
meeting, is that we have gotten data from the U.S. that validates the data we
had from Europe."

At the SVS meeting in June, Richard Neville, MD, reported on an ongoing study at
Georgetown University Medical Center (Washington). Sixty-two below-knee bypasses
were implanted for critical limb ischemia (29% rest pain and 71%
ulceration/gangrene) of which 77% were to tibial arteries, and the remaining 23%
were bypasses to the below-knee popliteal artery. The primary patency at one,
six, and 12 months for below-knee bypasses were 92%, 88.5% and 79% respectively
by life table analysis, Gore said.

Michael Stoner, MD, of East Carolina University (Greenville, North Carolina),
also reported on implants for above-knee and below-knee bypasses. Thirty-three
above-knee and 12 below-knee Gore Propaten vascular grafts were implanted since
February 2007.

The majority of the below-knee implants (83%) had a Rutherford classification of
either four or five, were tobacco users (92%), had poor run-off (less than two)
(83%) and half were diabetic. The one-year primary patency for the below-knee
bypasses was reported to be 79%, the company said.

Most of the above-knee implants (97%) had a Rutherford classification of three,
four or five, were tobacco users (64%) and had poor run-off (less than two)
(64%). The one-year primary patency for the above-knee bypasses was reported to
be 87%, Gore said. The above-knee Propaten vascular graft implants were then
compared to 169 historical implants of non-heparin-bonded grafts at the same
institution and were found to have a trend towards improved primary assisted
patency for patients with poor run-off, according to the company.

William Jordan, MD, of the University of AlabamaatBirmingham, reported on 44
implants, including 38 lower extremity (10 below-knee), two upper extremity,
three visceral revascularization and one carotid; 39 of the 44 implants were
patent at last follow-up out to one year, giving a gross patency of 89%, Gore
said.

Ingemar Davidson, MD, PhD, at University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center
(Dallas), presented interim results of a prospective, non-randomized study
comparing the Gore Propaten vascular graft to a non-heparin-bonded graft in
difficult patients for hemodialysis access application.

Sixty Propaten grafts were compared to 59 non-heparin-bonded grafts implanted
since January 2007. The Propaten graft was generally preferred for difficult,
high-risk patients, according to the company. At six months, the Propaten grafts
were found to have significant improvement of 20% to 25% in the clot free and
graft survival time as compared to the control group.

Kanjickal said that all of these studies are significant for Gore, but the
studies that Neville and Davidson reported on are much further along than the
others.

Gore also reported interim results about its Viabahn Endoprosthesis from a study
for the management of superficial femoral artery occlusive disease. Karen
McQuade, MD, of Baylor University Medical Center (Dallas), reported comparable
24-month patency rates between surgical above-knee femoropopliteal bypass and
endoluminal bypass.

So far in the study of 100 treated limbs, the stent-graft group is showing
primary patency of 82%, 73%, and 62% for six months, one year, and two years,
respectively. For the same respective time points, primary patency for the
surgical group, comprised of non-heparin-bonded, mostly polyester grafts, was
88%, 79%, and 65%. Similar secondary patency rates were seen at six months, one
year, and two years (86%, 84%, and 73%, respectively, for stent-grafts versus
90%, 83%, and 75%, respectively, for the surgical grafts).

McQuade said the interim results of this study might support the use of stent-
grafts as an alternative to surgery in the management of superficial femoral
artery occlusive disease.

Gore reported FDA approval to market its Viabahn Endoprostheis for vascular
bypass in the superficial femoral artery (SFA) last year). The Viabahn combines
Gore's heparin surface treatment with the Viabahn Endoprosthesis for treatment
of peripheral vascular disease in the SFA.

The device uses end-point covalent bonding to keep the heparin anchored to the
endoprosthesis surface over time. The end-point surface attachment technology is
designed to preserve the heparin bioactive sites such that they remain free to
interact with the blood without being consumed.

The device is constructed with a reinforced, biocompatible, expanded
polytetrafluorethylene liner attached to an external nitinol stent structure,
with Gore saying that the Viabahn is the only device of its kind approved for
treating PAD in the SFA.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                          Copyright 2008 AHC Media LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              61 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Medical Device Daily

                           November 20, 2001 Tuesday

Tissue engineers find new sources of graft material

LENGTH: 969 words

American Heart Association 2001

Tissue engineers find new sources of graft material

By HOLLAND JOHNSON Medical Device Daily Staff Writer ANAHEIM, California - At a
press conference held last week during the American Heart Association's (AHA;
Dallas, Texas) 2001 Scientific Sessions, a panel discussed the next generation
of heart parts that can be engineered from a patient's own blood and cells.

Cardiovascular surgery requires replacement parts such as heart valves, blood
vessels and vascular patches. And while mechanical parts may hold promise, blood
clots, tissue overgrowth, limited durability, infection and the inability to
grow may complicate them. Additionally, such self-manufactured parts may serve
as an alternative to donor tissue, which is frequently complicated by the threat
of rejection

Tissue engineering may offer an alternative source of replacement parts and hold
particular promise in pediatric surgery where a graft with growth potential is
ideal, say investigators.

Pascal Dohmen, MD, senior resident and head of tissue engineering research at
Charite University Hospital and Humboldt University (Berlin, Germany), reported
on 14 patients undergoing coronary revascularization who received PTFE grafts
seeded from their own peripheral veins. Angiographic studies showed that 18 of
19 grafts had not occluded at a median of 41 months.

"Tissue-engineered coronary bypass grafts are safe and show promise for an
optimal graft," Dohmen said, adding that intravascular ultrasound confirmed the
absence of fibrotic inner peel, which would normally be expected in bypass
grafts.

In another study, tissue engineered auto-allograft heart valves used in six
patients showed excellent short-term hemodynamic function, compared with six
patients in whom the RVOT was reconstructed with commercially available
cryopreserved allograft. Dohmen said the goal of that study was to improve
durability and overcome immunological reactions. "There is clinical evidence
that the immunological reaction to allografts can be ameliorated by seeding the
graft with autologous endothelial cells preoperatively," he said.

Simon Hoerstrup, MD, head of tissue engineering and cell transplantation and
associate professor of cardiac surgery at University Hospital Zurich (Zurich,
Switzerland), led a team of investigators attempting to engineer a trileaflet
heart valve in vitro from human bone marrow cells.

In 1999, this same group was the first to report growing a complete heart valve
in the laboratory in a study that used cells from sheep blood vessel walls.

The valves in the current study, grown in a biomimetic pulse-duplicator system,
which mimics the blood flow circulation of the human body, "demonstrated
synchronous opening and closing comparable to native controls," Hoerstrup said.

In all valves, functional opening and closing was observed in the pulse
duplicator system. A histology study of the valve leaflets showed viable layered
tissue and formation of extracellular matrix that is also found in natural heart
valve leaflets.  Additionally, mechanical properties of the engineered leaflets
were also comparable to those of the natural heart.

In another report, Ren-Ke Li, MD, PhD, associate professor and senior scientist
at the University of Toronto (Toronto, Ontario), described a mechanical stretch
strategy that can improve in vitro graft formation by stimulating cellular
organization.

Researchers removed heart cells from children undergoing surgery to repair
Tetralogy of Fallot, a congenital birth defect that is a combination of four
abnormalities in the heart, including a ventricular septal defect. A culture
dish containing the cells was placed in an electromagnetic field of the
Biostretch apparatus, which mechanically and rhythmically stretched the graft at
a controlled rate. The stretching increased the graft by 20%. The stretched
grafts formed a graft similar to native heart tissue, with a parallel
orientation of the cardiac cells in a well-organized extracellular matrix. Such
structures were not observed in control grafts that were not stretched.

"Our data suggests that under optimal laboratory conditions, human cardiac
tissue can be generated to repair defects caused by congenital cardiac disease,"
Li noted.

Kristine Guleserian, MD, fellow in cardiothoracic surgery at Barnes-Jewish
Hospital, Washington University School of Medicine (St. Louis, Missouri)
described work she has done at Children's Hospital in Boston, Massachusetts,
using human umbilical cord blood as a source for endothelial progenitor cells to
engineer cardiovascular tissue. Guleserian and her colleagues proposed that
early stage endothelial cells, called endothelial progenitor cells (EPCs), taken
from human umbilical cord blood could be used to create endothelial layers for
cardiovascular tissue engineering.

EPCs were isolated from cord blood obtained after C-section, then grown in a
culture. The EPCs that had grown into endothelial cells were then seeded onto a
bioresorbable polymer scaffold, and treated with vascular endothelial growth
factor fibrolast growth factor, both of which help stimulate endothelial cell
proliferation. The treated cells were grown in a pulse duplicator, and were then
observed to have formed capillary-like tubes, which indicate the beginning of
blood vessel formation.

Guleserian said she envisions many exciting possibilities for this new cell
source, including "banking" the cells for future use. She said that there is
also the possibility that while a mother is still pregnant, cord blood cells
could be used to create a tissue-engineered structure needed to correct a
cardiac birth defect diagnosed prenatally.

Theoretically, this new tissue could be ready to use when the baby is born - or
even before birth for potential prenatal/surgical repair.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                          Copyright 2001 AHC Media LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              62 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                          February 22, 2017 Wednesday

Head Line: US Patent granted to MiMedx Group, Inc (Georgia) on February 21, 2017
titled as "Placental tissue grafts and methods of preparing and using the same"

LENGTH: 231 words

DATELINE: New York


ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no.
9,572,839 on February 21, 2017, to MiMedx Group, Inc (Georgia) titled as
"Placental tissue grafts and methods of preparing and using the same"

Inventors: Daniel; John (Woodstock, GA)


Assignee: MiMedx Group, Inc. (Marietta, GA) (Georgia)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
method for preparing placenta membrane tissue grafts for medical use, includes
obtaining a placenta from a subject, cleaning the placenta, separating the
chorion tissue from the amniotic membrane, mounting a selected layer of either
the chorion tissue or the amniotic membrane onto a drying fixture, dehydrating
the selected layer on the drying fixture, and cutting the selected layer into a
plurality of tissue grafts. Preferably, the drying fixture includes grooves or
raised edges that define the outer contours of each desired tissue graft, after
they are cut, and further includes raised or indented logos that emboss the
middle area of the tissue grafts during dehydration and that enables an end user
to distinguish the top from the bottom side of the graft. The grafts are
comprised of single layers of amnion or chorion, multiple layers of amnion or
chorion, or multiple layers of a combination of amnion and chorion."

The patent was filed on December 29, 2014 Application No. 14/585,114


LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              63 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                          February 22, 2017 Wednesday

Head Line: US Patent granted to MiMedx Group, Inc. (Georgia) on February 21,
2017 titled as "Placental tissue grafts and methods of preparing and using the
same"

LENGTH: 231 words

DATELINE: New York


ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no.
9,572,839 on February 21, 2017, to MiMedx Group, Inc. (Georgia) titled as
"Placental tissue grafts and methods of preparing and using the same"

Inventors: Daniel; John (Woodstock, GA)


Assignee: MiMedx Group, Inc. (Marietta, GA) (Georgia)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
method for preparing placenta membrane tissue grafts for medical use, includes
obtaining a placenta from a subject, cleaning the placenta, separating the
chorion tissue from the amniotic membrane, mounting a selected layer of either
the chorion tissue or the amniotic membrane onto a drying fixture, dehydrating
the selected layer on the drying fixture, and cutting the selected layer into a
plurality of tissue grafts. Preferably, the drying fixture includes grooves or
raised edges that define the outer contours of each desired tissue graft, after
they are cut, and further includes raised or indented logos that emboss the
middle area of the tissue grafts during dehydration and that enables an end user
to distinguish the top from the bottom side of the graft. The grafts are
comprised of single layers of amnion or chorion, multiple layers of amnion or
chorion, or multiple layers of a combination of amnion and chorion."

The patent was filed on December 29, 2014 Application No. 14/585,114


LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              64 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                            January 16, 2017 Monday

GLOBUS MEDICAL, INC. (Pennsylvania) applies for US Patent titled as "BONE GRAFTS
AND METHODS OF MAKING AND USING BONE GRAFTS"

LENGTH: 158 words

DATELINE: New York


ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an
application no. 20170007740 for US Patent, published on January 12, 2017, by
GLOBUS MEDICAL, INC. (Pennsylvania), titled as "BONE GRAFTS AND METHODS OF
MAKING AND USING BONE GRAFTS"  for the registration of patent.



Inventors: Ortiz; Ophir; (Philadelphia, PA) ; Bhat; Archana; (Royersford, PA) ;
Adams; Allison; (Philadelphia, PA) ; Adams; Mark; (Downingtown, PA)

Applicant: GLOBUS MEDICAL, INC.   AUDUBON   PA   US (Pennsylvania)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office:
"Provided herein are bone grafts and methods of making and using the same, as
well as products and kits that include such bone grafts. In particular, bone
grafts are provided that include collagen Type I and one or more different types
of mineral compositions having different dissolution properties and/or sizes, to
enhance bone regeneration throughout the bone healing phase."


LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              65 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 9, 2014 Thursday

US Patent granted to Ecolab USA Inc (Minnesota) on October 07, titled as
"Cleaning composition containing a polysaccharide graft polymer composition and
methods of improving drainage"

LENGTH: 184  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 8,853,144, on
October 07, 2014, to Ecolab USA Inc (Minnesota), titled as "Cleaning composition
containing a polysaccharide graft polymer composition and methods of improving
drainage"

Inventors:  Silvernail; Carter (Burnsville, MN), Olson; Erik C. (Eagan, MN),
Rodrigues; Klin (Signal Mountain, TN)
Assignee:  Ecolab USA Inc. (Saint Paul, MN)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
composition includes a polysaccharide graft polymer composition. In one
embodiment, the polysaccharide graft polymer composition includes a
polysaccharide residue present in an amount from about 5% to about 90% by weight
of the polysaccharide graft polymer composition and a residue of at least one
ethylenically unsaturated monomer present in an amount from about 10% to about
75% by weight of the polysaccharide graft polymer composition."

The patent was filed on July 30, 2012 Application no. 13/561,485

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              66 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                            December 16, 2016 Friday

Aortic Innovations Surena, LLC (Florida) applies for US Patent titled as
"VARIABLE DEPRESSION STENTS (VDS) AND BILLOWING GRAFT ASSEMBLIES"

LENGTH: 209 words

DATELINE: New York


ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an
application no. 20160354218 for US Patent, published on December 8, 2016, by
Aortic Innovations Surena, LLC (Florida), titled as "VARIABLE DEPRESSION STENTS
(VDS) AND BILLOWING GRAFT ASSEMBLIES"  for the registration of patent.



Inventors: Shahriari; Ali; (Boca Raton, FL)

Applicant: Aortic Innovations Surena, LLC   Boca Raton   FL   US (Florida)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
stent assembly includes support rings each having interconnected
circumferentially alternating inner prongs and outer prongs. The inner prongs
define an inner diameter around a longitudinal axis. The outer prongs define an
outer diameter greater than the inner diameter. A graft engages the support
rings and follows a waving peripheral path. The graft may be a billowing graft.
A second graft may surround the first graft such that tunnels are defined
between the first graft and second graft. A method of making a stent assembly
includes diametrically expanding the support rings onto a mandrel, engaging a
graft with the support rings, and removing the support rings and graft from the
mandrel permitting the stent assembly to contract to a neutral state."


LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              67 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                              June 4, 1999 Friday

BEHIND GRAFT, WAYZATA GOING FOR SWEEP

BYLINE: Kristian Pope, Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; HIGH SCHOOL BOYS TENNIS; Pg. 4B

LENGTH: 477 words


Wayzata junior Trey Graft heard the comments. There practically would be only
one singles player to watch at the Class AA boys state tennis tournament, and
that player wasn't Graft.

No, that player was freshman D.J. Geatz, the state's top-ranked player from
Minneapolis Southwest. So when Graft faced Geatz in the first round Thursday,
everyone watching at the Northwest-98th Street Racquet Club probably penciled in
the No. 1 player in their brackets.

They shouldn't have. Graft shocked Geatz 6-4, 7-6 (7-4) and then defeated
Cretin-Derham Hall's Connor McKim 6-4, 6-2 to advance into today's semifinals.

"I think I'm surprised a little bit," Graft said. "Everyone expected D.J. to
take the whole thing."

Wayzata's No. 1-ranked doubles tandem of Jon Annett and Mike Lidsky didn't have
quite the challenge Graft did, beating Stillwater's Justin Peck and Ryan Wahlin
6-0, 6-1 to advance to the semifinals.

Graft had help. Teammate David Hippie lost to Geatz in Wednesday's team event.
When Hippie and Graft drove to the courts Thursday morning, Graft received some
advice.

"I have to credit David with much of the win," Graft said. "He gave me my game
plan.

"Everyone knows you can't beat D.J. from the baseline. My volleys were pretty
solid. I just stayed cool and outplayed him."

Graft plays St. Cloud Tech's Kevin Whipple in the first semifinal at 8 a.m. The
championship match is scheduled for 10:30 a.m. In the other semifinal, Edina's
Justin Gaard will meet Rochester John Marshall's Eric Butorac.

"Whenever you play in the state tournament, you are going to play somebody
decent," Graft said. "It's not going to get any easier."

Having beaten Stillwater for the team title, Wayzata has a chance for a sweep
today, with Graft and Annett and Lidsky, who have played together the entire
season.

Stillwater assistant coach Nathan Klonecki said Peck and Wahlin, who have been a
team for only two weeks, played well enough to win but that Wayzata came out
strong.

"When we had Justin serving in the first game, and they won anyway, that set the
tone for the rest of the match," Klonecki said. "Obviously, (Wayzata) was the
toughest competition we would have faced."

Peck said Annett and Lidsky played with few faults, if any.

"They were solid everywhere," he said. "They didn't make any mistakes."

Annett and Lidsky will play Red Wing's C.J. Peterson and Cam Goetz in the first
semifinal, and Edina's Jon Seltzer and Brad Anderson will face John Marshall's
Ed Edson and Shimul Chowdhury.

Class A:

Freshman Tony Larson of Long Prairie-Grey Eagle advanced to the semifinals of
the Class A singles tournament at Eden Prairie High School. He will face Mike
Solum of Holy Angels at 8 a.m. Kyle Hawley of Eveleth-Gilbert will face Drew
Zamansky of Blake in the other semifinal, also at 8 a.m. The championship match
is at 10:30 a.m.

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                     Copyright 1999 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              68 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                           December 22, 2016 Thursday

Hackensack University Medical Center (New Jersey) applies for US Patent titled
as "USE OF TELMISARTAN TO PREVENT AND TREAT GRAFT VERSUS HOST DISEASE AND OTHER
ALLOIMMUNE AND AUTOIMMUNE DISEASES"

LENGTH: 211 words

DATELINE: New York


ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an
application no. 20160361300 for US Patent, published on December 15, 2016, by
Hackensack University Medical Center (New Jersey), titled as "USE OF TELMISARTAN
TO PREVENT AND TREAT GRAFT VERSUS HOST DISEASE AND OTHER ALLOIMMUNE AND
AUTOIMMUNE DISEASES"  for the registration of patent.



Inventors: Schwartz; David; (Baltimore, MD) ; Iyengar; Sujatha; (Baltimore, MD)

Applicant: Hackensack University Medical Center   Hackensack   NJ   US (New
Jersey)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "The
described invention relates to methods for preventing or treating graft
-versus-host disease while preserving a graft-versus-tumor effect, increasing
survival of, preserving alloreactivity, or a combination thereof in a patient
with a tumor receiving a transplant. The described methods comprise
administering to the patient a therapeutic amount of a pharmaceutical
composition comprising a Rho kinase inhibitor compound, e.g., telmisartan or
related angiotensin receptor blockers, and a pharmaceutically acceptable
excipient. The therapeutic amount may be effective to attenuate graft
-versus-host disease and to preserve the graft-versus-tumor effect of the
transplant."


LOAD-DATE: December 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              69 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Medical Device Daily

                            September 9, 2002 Monday

FDA roundup

LENGTH: 810 words


FDA roundup:

Cardio panel meeting to mull advanced endovascular graft

By KEVIN NEW  Medical Device Daily Washington Editor  WASHINGTON - The
Circulatory System Devices panel of the Center for Devices and Radiological
Health (CDRH) meets today to discuss and vote on a PMA for an endovascular graft
placed percutaneously to treat infrarenal abdominal aortic aneurysms.

The device, manufactured by W.L. Gore & Associates (Flagstaff, Arizona), is
called the Excluder Bifurcated Endoprosthesis. Endovascular grafts are placed
inside the diseased section of the aorta rather than replacing the diseased
section with a graft, which requires the aorta to be closed momentarily.

The two-piece device is delivered via a catheter and seals off the aneurysm by
providing a new path for the bloodflow. The first piece, the trunk, is
bifurcated and extends from below the renal arteries into the iliac arteries. It
is made of expanded polytetrafluoroethylene with an outer stent structure. The
second piece, the contralateral leg, is placed in the iliac artery to form a
complete endovascular graft.

The circulatory systems panel will discuss the PMA and make recommendations
regarding patient information and labeling of the device. The panel's vote to
approve or not approve the device, however, is only used as guidance at the FDA
and is not a final clearance decision.

While endovascular grafts and the surgical technique is not new, Gore said it
believes approval of the PMA could herald a new generation of improvements in
these devices. Last April, the FDA issued a public health notification on two
endovascular grafts approved in Sept. 1999 that have since undergone
improvements. The notice dealt with the Ancure graft by Guidant (Menlo Park,
California) and the AneuRx from Medtronic (Minneapolis, Minnesota).

The circulatory systems panel is scheduled to discuss safety and efficacy
issues, based on FDA staff questions released late last week. Gore is proposing
to include four contraindications in the patient and physician labeling
information with the Excluder, according to the FDA.

Gore lists the following known contraindications:

· Significant thrombus at the arterial implantation sites, specifically proximal
aortic neck and distal iliac artery interface.

· Severe proximal aortic neck angulation greater than 60 degrees.

· Infrarenal aortic neck less than 15mm in length.

· Ilio-femoral access vessel morphology which is not compatible with vascular
access techniques, devices and accessories.

FDA staff also will seek guidance from the panel on the device's integrity.
Specifically, Gore notified the FDA of a wire-form fracture in the main body of
the graft following analysis of a device explanted in a German patient. The
fracture was located in the crotch of the bifurcation, but did not result in
clinical complications because the ends did not appear to protrude from the
device material or surrounding tissue, the FDA noted.

Sterility guidance updated   The FDA updated a guidance document on Sterility
Review K90-1 for 510(k)s. The new eight-page document, released Aug. 30,
replaces existing guidance from the agency.

The revision is the result of section 513(f)(5) of the Federal Food, Drug and
Cosmetic Act's noncompliance with good manufacturing practices, also referred to
as QS requirements.

"Additional guidance on non-traditional methods of sterilization is needed," the
agency said as introduction to the new guidance. It continues: "While the agency
has experience with some types of non-traditional methods of sterilization, FDA
recognizes that there may be unique or novel sterilants that have not yet been
submitted in a premarket notification or that have not been successfully
implemented by device manufacturers. Given this variety in non-traditional
methods, CDRH decided that additional guidance is needed to help review staff
differentiate between various types of non-traditional methods of sterilization
and how applications in which they are employed should be handled."

FDA revises laser surgery website  The CDRH last week issued an update to its
LASIK eye surgery website targeted to consumers, making several changes.

For example, under the  section titled "When is LASIK not for me?" and related
to refractive instability and thin corneas, information was added to inform
patients of possible problems resulting from the procedure.

Additionally, the subhead for "contraindications" was changed to "precautions."
The most extensive changes, however, were made in the section headed "What are
the risks?"

Revisions were made to the bulleted items under the risks to explain possible
results.

An additional laser was added to the list of FDA-approved lasers. The Technolas
217 excimer laser from Bausch & Lomb (Rochester, New York) was added, based on
device clearance granted this past May.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                          Copyright 2002 AHC Media LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              70 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 6, 2014 Friday

US Patent granted to Cook Biotech Incorporated (Indiana) on June 03 titled as "
Graft materials containing ECM components, and methods for their manufacture"

LENGTH: 250  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 8,741,352, on
June 03, 2014, to Cook Biotech Incorporated (Indiana), titled as "Graft
materials containing ECM components, and methods for their manufacture"

Inventors:  Hodde; Jason P. (West Lafayette, IN), Ernst; David M. J.
(Indianapolis, IN), Ninan; Lal (Santa Rosa, CA), Voytik-Harbin; Sherry
(Zionsville, IN), Hammond; Nathan (Somerville, MA)

Assignee:  Cook Biotech Incorporated (West Lafayette, IN)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office:
"Described are packaged, sterile medical graft products containing controlled
levels of a growth factor such as Fibroblast Growth Factor-2 (FGF-2). Also
described are methods of manufacturing medical graft products wherein
processing, including sterilization, is controlled and monitored to provide
medical graft products having modulated, known levels of a extracellular matrix
factor, such as a growth factor, e.g. FGF-2. Preferred graft materials are
extracellular matrix materials isolated from human or animal donors,
particularly submucosa-containing extracellular matrix materials. Further
described are ECM compositions that are or are useful for preparing gels, and
related methods for preparation and use."

The patent was filed on September 7, 2007 Application no.  11/851,923

For more information please visit: http://www.uspto.gov/. In case of any query
regarding this article or other content needs please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              71 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Medical Device Daily

                           September 19, 2006 Tuesday

Preclinical data positive for Angiotech Vascular Wrap

LENGTH: 625 words

Preclinical data positive for Angiotech Vascular Wrap

A Medical Device Daily Staff Report   Angiotech Pharmaceuticals (Vancouver,
British Columbia) reported positive preclinical data related to its Vascular
Wrap paclitaxel-eluting mesh and Lifespan graft technology at the Western
Vascular Society 2006annual meeting  at La Jolla, California.

"We are excited by the potential of the Vascular Wrap paclitaxel-eluting mesh
product in a variety of indications, including AV access for hemodialysis
patients," said William Hunter, Angiotech president/CEO.

Although synthetic grafts are currently used in about 40% of hemodialysis
patients who require permanent vascular access, primary patency rates remain
poor. Most graft failures are caused by scar tissue growth inside the graft
(neointimal hyperplasia) at the location where the graft is connected to the
vein (the graft-vein anastomosis). Currently, about 50% of grafts fail within
one year and about 75% within two years as a result of scar formation, according
to Angiotech.

This preclinical study was designed to evaluate the effect of the Vascular Wrap
bioabsorbable mesh containing paclitaxel on inhibiting neointimal hyperplasia in
an animal model of dialysis access failure, said Angiotech. In this study,
neointimal hyperplasia was reduced by a minimum of 87.6% in animals that
received a paclitaxel-eluting mesh compared with animals that received no mesh.

Ted Kohler, MD, of the Veterans Affairs Puget Sound Health Care System
(Seattle), is the principal investigator of this study. Kohler reported that
commercially available grafts were surgically placed between the left common
carotid artery and right external jugular vein in 40 animals, which were
randomized to receive either no mesh or a 3 cm by 6 cm mesh placed around the
graft-vein anastomosis containing one of four doses of paclitaxel [0.0, 0.3, 0.7
or 1.2 (micro)g/mm2].

Animals in both control groups developed significant neointimal hyperplasia at
the cross-section taken perpendicular to the graft at its most distal end: 10.5
+/- 6.8 mm2 and 6.4 +/- 3.2 mm2 in the no mesh and zero-dose mesh groups,
respectively. Compared with the zero-dose mesh group, neointimal area was
significantly reduced in all paclitaxel mesh groups: 0.9 +/- 1.4 mm2, 1.3 +/-
1.5 mm2 and 1.2 +/- 1.4 mm2 in the three dose groups, respectively. There was no
significant effect of the paclitaxel mesh on healing of the anastomosis or on
the thickness of the adjacent vein.

"We are encouraged by the results of our preclinical data, and believe that we
may be able to offer a better treatment option for hemodialysis patients," said
Dr. Rui Avelar, chief medical officer of Angiotech. "These results, complemented
by the extensive experience with paclitaxel in cardiovascular applications, have
given us further confidence as we look to start our clinical studies in
hemodialysis access."

In August, Angiotech reported its intent to launch a clinical trial in the
United Kingdom to determine if hemodialysis patients who receive the Vascular
Wrap paclitaxel-eluting mesh/Lifespan graft experience fewer graft failures than
those that receive the graft alone. Angiotech expects to enroll the first
patient in the UK-based clinical trial this fall. The company also intends to
conduct a similar trial in the U.S. Both trials are expected to be about 24
months in duration, with enrollment taking about a year. The goal of the studies
is to provide Angiotech with sufficient data to submit to regulatory authorities
for the approval to market the products in the U.S. and Europe.

Angiotech develops treatments for diseases or complications associated with
medical device implants, surgical interventions, and acute injury.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                          Copyright 2006 AHC Media LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              72 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 25, 2014 Saturday

USPTO Published Patent application of W. L. Gore & Associates, Inc. titled as
"DEVICES AND METHODS FOR TREATMENT OF THE AORTIC ARCH"

LENGTH: 211  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an application no.
20140316514, published on October 23, 2014, by W. L. Gore & Associates, Inc.,
titled as "DEVICES AND METHODS FOR TREATMENT OF THE AORTIC ARCH" for the
registration of patent.

Inventors:  Zukowski; Stanislaw L.; (Flagstaff, AZ)
Assignee:  W. L. Gore & Associates, Inc.
Newark
DE

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "The
present disclosure includes an endoprosthesis comprising a descending stent-
graft, an ascending stent-graft, and/or a side-branch stent-graft. In various
embodiments, an ascending stent-graft is capable of being coupled to a
descending stent-graft, and/or a descending stent-graft can comprise a
fenestration capable of being coupled to a side-branch stent-graft. In addition,
in various embodiments, a descending and/or ascending stent-graft can comprise a
reduced diameter portion that, when implanted within an aortic arch, recedes
from a luminal surface of the aortic arch to allow a side-branch stent-graft to
be maneuvered within the aortic arch."

The Patent was filed on February 25, 2014 under application No. 20140316514

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              73 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            November 8, 2015 Sunday

GRAFT KINGS Shelly Silver trial shows how Albany profits from our inattention

BYLINE: KYLE SMITH

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 35

LENGTH: 826 words


The Sheldon Silver of a previous age, George Washington Plunkitt, summed up his
long career in Democratic Party machine politics thus:

"Everybody is talkin' these days about Tammany [Hall] men growin' rich on graft,
but nobody thinks of drawin' the distinction between honest graft and dishonest
graft. There's all the difference in the world between the two. Yes, many of our
men have grown rich in politics. I have myself. I've made a big fortune out of
the game, and I'm gettin' richer every day, but I've not gone in for dishonest
graft - blackmailin' gamblers, saloonkeepers, disorderly people, etc. - and
neither has any of the men who have made big fortunes in politics."

No, Plunkitt said, "There's an honest graft, and I'm an example of how it works.
I might sum up the whole thing by sayin': 'I seen my opportunities and I took
'em.' " For instance, if he knew the city was determined to buy a parcel of
land, he'd buy it first and pocket a huge profit.

Today we laugh to think there could possibly have been such openly dishonest
figures calling themselves "public servants." But as Michael Kinsley once said,
what's shocking about Washington, DC, politics is not the stuff that's illegal
but the stuff that's legal.  That's true 10 times over in Albany. Why? Because
Washington gets people talking. Washington gets people arguing. Washington gets
people excited, even passionate. People naturally pay attention to things they
find interesting, so Washington at least faces a high level of public scrutiny.

But Albany? Albany is boring. That's how Albany likes it.

You know who Washington's new speaker of the House is. Do you know who the
speaker of the New York state Assembly is, since Shelly Silver was forced to
resign last winter amid corruption charges? I didn't either. I had to look it
up. (It's Carl Heastie of The Bronx.)

You can name dozens, maybe hundreds, of reporters who cover DC politics. But
apart from the Post's legendary Fredric U. Dicker, how many Albany reporters are
celebrities? We just don't pay attention to Albany - and the $140 billion it
takes out of our wallets and spends every year.

At Silver's trial in lower Manhattan this week, perhaps the least interesting
witness was a personable budget gnome named Victor Franco. As far as I can tell,
Franco is an upstanding citizen. I take it that he's honest and does his job in
accordance with the law. But as deputy budget director, he was involved in
pushing through huge transactions involving pots of money whose actual
destination was never revealed to the public. There was no competitive-review
process for these grants. There was no debate about whether the beneficiaries
were deserving.

From 2000 to 2006, through something called the Health Care Reform Act - hey,
who's against health-care reform? - there was an annual treasure chest of $8.5
million in grants that Sheldon Silver, and Sheldon Silver only, could spend as
he pleased, as long as the recipient was in the health-care field. (Or game. Or
racket.)

If the money by some fiscal miracle wound up not getting spent in the calendar
year for which it was appropriated, it just sat there until Silver got around to
spending it.

When Silver's acquaintance Dr. Robert Taub started dropping unmissable hints
that he wanted Silver to fund his mesothelioma research in exchange for Taub
referring terminally ill asbestos victims to Silver's law firm so Silver could
reap millions in finders' fees, Silver went back to unspent money from one of
the $8.5 million annual Health Care Reform Act stashes and started doling it
out. Franco was one of the guys in the middle who did the paperwork.  Unless
you're reading this in a corner office or a penthouse terrace, eight and a half
million dollars is more tax revenue than you will ever contribute to the state
of New York in your life. And yet eight and a half million dollars is also such
a piddling amount of money in a $140 billion budget that no one cares.

A revealing detail in the process of jury selection before Silver's trial Monday
was a question Judge Valerie Caproni posed to Manhattan residents: Do you know
whether Mr. Silver represents your district? At least while I was present, not a
single one of these New Yorkers answered yes. Silver held immense power in
Albany as Assembly speaker for two decades - and yet the average person doesn't
even know what his district is (it's the Lower East Side).

"Publicity is justly commended as a remedy for social and industrial diseases.
Sunlight is said to be the best of disinfectants, electric light the most
efficient policeman," future Supreme Court Justice Louis D. Brandeis wrote in
1914. But when Albany news comes up, we flip the channel or turn the page.

We take the corruption for granted, and always have. Shame on us. Every time
Albany announces its annual budget, you should be studying it as carefully as
you'd study your ex's face at the class reunion.

LOAD-DATE: November 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: SHELDON SILVER wears gold crown. (Post photo illustration)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              74 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Medical Device Daily

                           October 12, 2000 Thursday

Product updates

LENGTH: 1005 words

Product updates

·Boston Probes (Bedford, Massachusetts) received a U.S. patent for an
application of Peptide Nucleic Acid (PNA) probe technology covering broadly
claimed methods resulting in what the company says is a substantial reduction in
the non-specific signal in the assay as compared with conventional nucleic acid
probe based hybridization assays. The technique improves the performance of the
probe-based assays beyond that obtained by optimization-of-stringency
conditions. PNA probe-based methods are particularly useful for any type of
single nucleotide polymorphism analysis. The patented methods can be applied to
the development and commercialization of products in several areas, including
basic research, genomics, forensic analysis, pharmaceutical discovery and food
and environmental testing. Boston Probes is a development-stage company whose
PNA probe technologies used in agriculture, human and veterinary diagnostics,
and in the detection of microorganisms in foods, beverages, water, the
environment and industrial processes such as pharmaceutical manufacturing.

·CardioTech International (Woburn, Massachusetts) has been issued U.S. patent
No. 6,117,535, titled "Biocompatible Devices," covering a method of reinforcing
vascular grafts with polyurethane monofilaments that result in compliant,
elastic and torque-resistant grafts. The invention is based on the properties of
ChronoFlex biodurablepolycarbonate-based polyurethane elastomers. ChronoFlex
filaments are inherently elastic, producing elastic small-bore vascular grafts,
compared to standard ePTFE grafts that are stiff and non-compliant. The
filaments, 250 microns in diameter, are applied to the outer surface of
pre-formed microporous vascular grafts by a precision machine that applies a
mist of solvent onto the monofilaments, making them temporarily adhesive. Once
adhered, the monofilaments can remain permanently attached or may be manually
removed during use without damaging the structural integrity of the microporous
graft.

·Medtronic (Minneapolis, Minnesota) will begin a European clinical study of the
new Medtronic InSync III cardiac resynchronization system used to improve the
heart's pumping capability. The InSync III system is designed to support
device-based resynchronization and to incorporate "activation flexibility,"
allowing physicians to program and control the beating action of the right and
left sides of the heart independently. It includes heart failure-specific
diagnostic capabilities designed to monitor a patient's heart rate trends and
activity levels. The device is intended to build on technologies embodied in the
company's first-generation InSync cardiac resynchronization system. It provides
simultaneous beating action for right and left ventricles and for the
second-generation InSync ICD device designed to add defibrillation capability
and right ventricular-only sensing for patients at risk of sudden cardiac death.
Clinical evaluation began Monday when Daniel Gras, MD, a cardiologist at
Clinique Georges Bizet (Paris), implanted the InSync III device to replace a
conventional pacemaker in a 62-year-old man with a history of heart block. Gras
reported that the patient was doing well with timing of left and right
ventricles programmed separately. Physicians at selected European and Canadian
medical centers are expected to participate in the clinical evaluations,
implanting the system in appropriate patients. U.S. clinical evaluation is
expected to begin later this year. The first and second-generation cardiac
resynchronization systems - the Medtronic InSync and InSync ICD devices
respectively - are commercially available outside the U.S. but currently under
clinical investigation in the U.S.

·Molecular Devices (Sunnyvale, California) recently introduced its third reagent
kit, the FLIPR Membrane Potential Assay Kit, for high throughput screening. The
company says that the kit makes high-throughput assays for the study of ion
channels a reality, expanding the functionality of the company's FLIPR system.
The new kit provides the reagents needed for the screening of ion channels, an
important class of drug targets, on the FLIPR system. The reagents in the kit
have a faster response time than the traditional protocol, according to the
company. Use of the FLIPR Membrane Potential Assay Kit can reduce the total
assay time for a 384-well plate to less than two minutes, compared to about 30
minutes with the traditional protocol, the company said. Molecular Devices will
now offer two kits that enable two assays for drug discovery to be performed on
the FLIPR system, designed for screening G-protein coupled receptors and
released earlier this year.

·Myriad Genetics (Salt Lake City, Utah) has launched Colaris, its new predictive
medicine test for hereditary colon cancer. The company says that Colaris detects
disease-causing mutations in two genes, MLH1 and MSH2, that are responsible for
the majority of hereditary colorectal and uterine cancer. An individual's risk
of colon cancer caused by a disease-causing mutation can be increased from 2% to
nearly 80%. Women with a mutation in one of these two genes also have a 40 times
greater risk of uterine cancer and eight times greater risk of ovarian cancer.
The Colaris test uses the same technology developed by Myriad for identifying a
woman's risk of breast and ovarian cancer.

·Nymox Pharmaceutical (Maywood, New Jersey) said that recent studies have
demonstrated that the Nymox-Serex nicotine dipstick test is a highly useful
adjunct to smoking cessation regimes and for measurement of second-hand smoke.
The company's nicotine test has and will be used in new studies at the
University of Alabama and the Philadelphia Department of Public Health. The test
is designed for monitoring the exposure of pregnant women to smoke, for
monitoring smoking cessation and for cardiac and pulmonary assessments. It is
the only quantitative point-of-care nicotine test available, according to Nymox,
a development-stage company.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                          Copyright 2000 AHC Media LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              75 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                           November 12, 2016 Saturday

Sanford Health (South Dakota) applies for US Patent titled as "Debranching Great
Vessel Stent Graft and Methods for Use"

LENGTH: 198 words

DATELINE: New York


ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an
application no. 20160324626 for US Patent, published on November 10, 2016, by
Sanford Health (South Dakota), titled as "Debranching Great Vessel Stent Graft
and Methods for Use"  for the registration of patent.



Inventors: Kelly; Patrick W.; (Sioux Falls, SD)

Applicant: Sanford Health   Sioux Falls   SD   US (South Dakota)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
debranching Great vessel stent graft and methods for its use, where the stent
graft comprises, a main body stent graft with a first bifurcation defining a
first leg and a second leg, the main body stent graft has distal and proximal
ends, the main body stent graft has a diameter at the proximal end in the range
from about 18 mm to about 28 mm, the first leg and the second leg each have a
diameter in the range from about 12 mm to about 18 mm, the distance from the
proximal end of the main body to the distal end of the first leg is in the range
from about 30 mm to about 50 mm, and the distance from the proximal end of the
main body to the distal end of the second leg is in a range from about 50 mm to
about 70 mm."


LOAD-DATE: November 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              76 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                          November 30, 2016 Wednesday

Head Line: US Patent granted to Cook Biotech Incorporated (Indiana) on November
29, 2016 titled as "Graft materials containing bioactive substances, and methods
for their manufacture"

LENGTH: 220 words

DATELINE: New York


ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no.
9,504,769 on November 29, 2016, to Cook Biotech Incorporated (Indiana) titled as
"Graft materials containing bioactive substances, and methods for their
manufacture"

Inventors: Hiles; Michael C. (Lafayette, IN), Hodde; Jason P. (West Lafayette,
IN), Ernst; David M. J. (West Lafayette, IN), Ninan; Lal (Santa Rosa, CA)


Assignee: Cook Biotech Incorporated (West Lafayette, IN) (Indiana)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office:
"Described are packaged, sterile medical graft products containing controlled
levels of a growth factor such as Fibroblast Growth Factor-2 (FGF-2). Also
described are methods of manufacturing medical graft products wherein
processing, including sterilization, is controlled and monitored to provide
medical graft products having modulated, known levels of a extracellular matrix
factor, such as a growth factor, e.g. FGF-2. Preferred graft materials are
extracellular matrix materials isolated from human or animal donors,
particularly submucosa-containing extracellular matrix materials. Further
described are ECM compositions that are or are useful for preparing gels, and
related methods for preparation and use."

The patent was filed on September 6, 2011 Application No. 13/225,585


LOAD-DATE: November 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              77 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                            November 21, 2016 Monday

Head Line: WIPO PUBLISHES PATENT OF TRIVASCULAR, INC TITLED AS "STENT-GRAFT WITH
IMPROVED FLEXIBILITY"

LENGTH: 148 words

DATELINE: New York


GENEVA: Publication No. WO/2016/183128 was published on November 17, 2016 by
WIPO.

Title of the invention: STENT-GRAFT WITH IMPROVED FLEXIBILITY

Applicants: TRIVASCULAR, INC. [US/US]; 3910 Brickway Boulevard Santa Rosa, CA
95403 (US)


Inventors: EHNES, Dale, S.; (US). KING, Riley; (US). TAPIA, Irma; (US).
STAUDENMAYER, Chris; (US)

According to the abstract published by the World Intellectual Property
Organization on its website: ")A flexible stent-graft has polymeric, non-textile
graft layers with a stent disposed between or among the graft layers while
allowing for movement of the stent between or among the layers. The stent
includes an undulating wire stent disposed within pockets of non-secured graft
portions between graft layers. The stent may be a ribbon stent having a ribbon
or ribbons of graft layers."

The patent was filed on 11.05.2016 under Application No. PCT/US2016/031728


LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              78 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                            November 21, 2016 Monday

Head Line: WIPO PUBLISHES PATENT OF TRIVASCULAR, INC TITLED AS "STENT-GRAFT WITH
IMPROVED FLEXIBILITY"

LENGTH: 148 words

DATELINE: New York


GENEVA: Publication No. WO/2016/183128 was published on November 17, 2016 by
WIPO.

Title of the invention: STENT-GRAFT WITH IMPROVED FLEXIBILITY

Applicants: TRIVASCULAR, INC. [US/US]; 3910 Brickway Boulevard Santa Rosa, CA
95403 (US)


Inventors: EHNES, Dale, S.; (US). KING, Riley; (US). TAPIA, Irma; (US).
STAUDENMAYER, Chris; (US)

According to the abstract published by the World Intellectual Property
Organization on its website: ")A flexible stent-graft has polymeric, non-textile
graft layers with a stent disposed between or among the graft layers while
allowing for movement of the stent between or among the layers. The stent
includes an undulating wire stent disposed within pockets of non-secured graft
portions between graft layers. The stent may be a ribbon stent having a ribbon
or ribbons of graft layers."

The patent was filed on 11.05.2016 under Application No. PCT/US2016/031728


LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              79 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 12, 2014 Friday

US Patent granted to Spinal Surgical Strategies, LLC (Colorado) on December 09,
titled as "Bone graft delivery device and method of using the same"

LENGTH: 173  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 8,906,028, on
December 09, 2014, to Spinal Surgical Strategies, LLC (Colorado), titled as
"Bone graft delivery device and method of using the same"

Inventors:  Kleiner; Jeffrey (Aurora, CO), Grimberg, Jr.; Edward John (Golden,
CO)
Assignee:  Spinal Surgical Strategies, LLC (Denver, CO)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "The
present invention relates to a device and method for delivery of bone graft
material to any portion of a patient which requires bone graft material. The
device according to various embodiments delivers bone graft to a bone graft
receiving area. The bone graft delivery device is formed such that a hollow tube
and plunger selectively and controllably place bone graft material in or
adjacent to the bone graft receiving area."

The patent was filed on September 20, 2010 Application no. 12/886,452

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              80 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Tribune-Review (Greensburg, PA)

                             June 8, 2011 Wednesday

Visitation slated for area man killed in Florida's Key West

BYLINE: Paul Peirce

LENGTH: 598 words


Visitation begins in Scottdale today for a well-known Westmoreland County
businessman who died on Sunday from injuries he suffered in a freak traffic
accident in the Florida Keys over Memorial Day weekend.

The Florida Highway Patrol is investigating the circumstances surrounding the
death of Randall R. Graft, 54, of North Huntingdon, formerly of Scottdale, who
died in a Miami hospital. The accident occurred in Key West a week earlier.

The Monroe County Sheriff's Department reported Graft was driving alone at 7:45
a.m. in a small, electric-powered vehicle, similar to a golf cart, along busy
U.S. Route 1 when he was rear-ended by a Monroe County Sheriff's Department
patrol car.

The accident occurred at milepost 6 of the four-lane highway, just north of the
Boca Chica bridge.

In a news release, the sheriff's office reported Deputy Scott Ward was
southbound going to a special detail at Higg's Beach in Key West when "he
reportedly ran into the rear of the small electric vehicle."

Graft, who was not wearing a seat belt and was the only occupant of the rental
vehicle, was ejected, said Sgt. Mark Wysocky, a Florida Highway Patrol
spokesman.

Wysocky said the investigation into the cause of the accident "could possibly
take a couple months to complete."

"These electric-powered vehicles are registered through the state, and able to
be rented. However, they are only to be used on roadways that have speed limits
of 35 mph or less," Wysocky said.

Wysocky said authorities are attempting to determine why Graft, who was visiting
the area, was operating the vehicle along a highway where the speed limit is
posted at 55 mph.

Ward remains on duty, police said.

Graft was taken by a medical helicopter to Ryder Trauma Center, which is part of
Jackson Memorial Hospital in Miami.

Larry Cameron, director of operations at the Miami Dade County Medical
Examiner's office, said Graft died in the Jackson hospital Sunday.

"An autopsy was performed Monday, and the case remains under investigation by
the Florida Highway Patrol," Cameron said.

Cameron said, because of the ongoing investigation, he is limited in what
information he can release about the accident.

He said the manner of death has been ruled an accident, and the cause of death
was ruled as complications of multiple blunt-force injuries.

Graft was employed as a construction project manager with Brookwood Program
Management, a nationwide firm involved in large-scale design, development and
construction programs.

He attended Charter Oak United Methodist Church and was a former member of the
Mt. Pleasant Church of God. He was a member of BPOE (Elks) Lodge 777, Scottdale,
and the National Wild Turkey Federation.

In addition to his parents, Donald and Patricia Graft, he is survived by his
wife, Sherry Lynn; his children, Ryan R. Graft of Greensburg, Leslie L. Graft of
North Huntingdon, and Daniel L. Graft of New Stanton; two grandsons; his
brothers, Terence L. Graft of Greensburg and Douglas A. Graft of Scottdale, and
his sister, Pamela D. Snyder of Scottdale.

Family and friends will be received 4 to 8 p.m. today and from 2 to 4 and 6 to 9
p.m. Thursday at Graft-Jacquillard Funeral Home & Cremation Services Inc., 303
Pittsburgh St., Scottdale.

Funeral services will be at 10:30 a.m. Friday in the Mt. Pleasant Church of God,
936 W. Main St., Mt. Pleasant, with the Rev. Christ Whitehead officiating.

Private interment will follow in Wesley Chapel Cemetery, East Huntingdon. The
family suggests contributions to the Make-A-Wish Foundation, 707 Grant St.,
Suite 3700, Pittsburgh, PA 15219-1938, in memory of Graft.

LOAD-DATE: June 8, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2011 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              81 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                           December 24, 2016 Saturday

Sanford Health (South Dakota) applies for US Patent titled as "Debranching
Visceral Stent Graft and Methods for Use"

LENGTH: 213 words

DATELINE: New York


ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an
application no. 20160367353 for US Patent, published on December 22, 2016, by
Sanford Health (South Dakota), titled as "Debranching Visceral Stent Graft and
Methods for Use"  for the registration of patent.



Inventors: Kelly; Patrick W.; (Sioux Falls, SD)

Applicant: Sanford Health   Sioux Falls   SD   US (South Dakota)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
visceral double-barreled main body stent graft and methods for its use, the
stent graft comprises, a main body stent graft having distal and proximal ends,
the main body stent graft's length ranges from about 100-120 mm and diameter at
the proximal end ranges from about 30-45 mm, first and second lumens defined at
the main body stent graft's distal end, the first lumen's diameter ranges from
about 18-20 mm, the second lumen's diameter ranges from about 16-18 mm, the
first and second lumens have about the same length from about 50-70 mm, the
first lumen is secured to the second lumen along a shared length, and the main
body stent graft defines a tubular wall that is contiguous with the first and
second lumens such that any fluid entering the main body must exit through one
of the first or second lumens."


LOAD-DATE: December 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              82 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        Progressive Media - Company News

                            March 13, 2014 Thursday

RTI Surgical announces launch of two new natural bone grafting solutions

SECTION: SOLAR PV; Product Launches / Expansions

LENGTH: 283 words



HIGHLIGHT: RTI Surgical has announced the launch of NanOss bioactive 3D and map3
cellular allogeneic bone graft at the American Academy of Orthopaedic Surgeons
(AAOS) annual meeting in New Orleans this week.


The next-generation NanOss bioactive 3D is an advanced bone graft composed of
nano-structured hydroxyapatite granules suspended within a porous gelatin-based
foam matrix.

This bone graft, which supports natural bone formation process, allows for
precise placement of the graft into bony defects for a wide range of extremity
and trauma surgical procedures.

nanOss Bioactive 3D, when hydrated, becomes formable and moldable allowing the
implant to conform to the defect site.

The bone graft consists of nano-structured crystals that have extremely high
surface area providing more cell attachment sites for osteoclasts and
osteoblasts resulting in potential for improved mineralization, remodeling and
bone formation.

Map3 cellular allogeneic bone graft features cortical cancellous chips,
demineralized bone matrix and viable adult stem cells based on the multipotent
adult progenitor (MAPC) cell technology. These three essential elements are
required to generate and maintain new bone.

MAPC-class cells, a specific type of stem cell, are known to have osteogenic and
angiogenic properties, important in supporting the bone healing process.

The Map3 chips allograf has been processed to achieve optimal handling and is
ideal for graft packing and filling bony defects.

RTI Surgical president and CEO Brian K Hutchison noted the company is very
excited to launch these two bone graft solutions.

"NanOss Bioactive 3D, a synthetic bone graft, and map3 Cellular Allogeneic Bone
Graft, a human tissue bone graft, showcase the broad portfolio of surgical
implants offered by RTI Surgical," Hutchison added.

Image: RTI Surgical's map3 cellular allogeneic bone graft. Photo: Courtesy of
BusinessWire/RTI Surgical Inc.

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2014 Progressive Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              83 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   September 23, 1997, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Combination of real, artificial skin cuts graft scarring

BYLINE: Tim Friend

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 8D

LENGTH: 629 words


New research involving living skin grown in a laboratory shows
that scarring from burns can be greatly reduced when combined
with the patient's own skin grafts. The living skin product, Apligraft,
is manufactured by Organogenesis, Canton, Mass.

The skin equivalent is made from newborn foreskin cells and is
layered, much like normal human skin. Because it is living, it
is able to fuse with the patient's own skin graft, says Michael
Sabolinski, a physician and senior vice president of Organogenesis.
The result is a thicker graft that reduces scarring and is more
pliable.

The new data, released Friday, reveal that after two years, most
burns treated with Apligraft combined with patients' own skin
grafts showed virtually no scarring; only 1 in 10 of the burns
treated only with patients' grafts showed no scarring.

The finding is significant because severe scarring from burns
can make the skin so tight that a person cannot flex the affected
area.

Apligraft does not have to be removed because it merges with the
patient's own skin and is not rejected. The patients' own blood
vessels and pigment cells also migrate into the graft.

Apligraft has been approved for marketing in Canada. It is currently
under review in the USA by the Food and Drug Administration. It
is used for:

-- Treating severe burns when a patient does not have enough
of his or her own skin for grafting.

-- Treating venous ulcers, which affect 1 million people and
usually occur in the ankle region due to defects in the veins;
and decubitus ulcers, which affect 2 million people and are more
commonly known as bed sores.

-- Replacing skin removed from skin cancer, tattoos and birthmarks.

New airport device detects explosives

Visitors to Albuquerque International Airport this week will discover
a new security device for detecting explosives. It was developed
at Sandia National Laboratories in Albuquerque for the Federal
Aviation Administration.

The device uses chemical preconcentrator technology designed to
protect nuclear weapons facilities. It is capable of detecting
very small concentrations of all "explosives of interest," says
Kevin Linker, who led the project at Sandia.

Passengers move through a portal where a puff of air is passed
over them. The air sample is then sent through a chemical sensor,
which recognizes the chemical signature of a wide variety of explosives.
If a person has even a minute trace of explosive on his body,
the quantity and type is displayed on a computer screen.

The portal will be tested on 2,000 passengers over the next two
to four weeks to gauge passenger acceptance and work out technical
problems.

Frozen ship to collect pack-ice data

Two ice-breaking ships are on their way to the Arctic Ocean to
establish Ice Station SHEBA and launch the largest and most complex
science experiment ever supported in the Arctic by the National
Science Foundation (NFS).

Mike Ledbetter, NSF program director for Arctic System Science,
says that one ship will be frozen in the pack ice and left adrift
as a floating science platform for 13 months. The other ship will
return Oct. 15. The frozen ship will be joined in the project
by a fleet of ice breakers, research aircraft, balloons, a nuclear
submarine and satellites.

The purpose of the study, called Surface Heat Budget of the Arctic
Ocean, is to determine the fate of the pack ice as it relates
to global climate change. The pack ice covers an area as large
as the United States; if global warming becomes as serious as
some models predict, it could melt entirely.

The $ 19.5 million project is also funded by the Office of Naval
Research and is coordinated by the University of Washington.

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS, B/W (2)

TYPE: SCIENCE

                      Copyright 1997 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              84 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                           November 5, 2016 Saturday

THE CENTER FOR ORTHOPEDIC RESEARCH AND EDUCATION, INC. (Arizona) applies for US
Patent titled as "GRAFT TENSIONING METHODS"

LENGTH: 177 words

DATELINE: New York


ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an
application no. 20160317710 for US Patent, published on November 3, 2016, by THE
CENTER FOR ORTHOPEDIC RESEARCH AND EDUCATION, INC. (Arizona), titled as "GRAFT
TENSIONING METHODS"  for the registration of patent.



Inventors: CICCONE, II; WILLIAM; (Queen Creek, AZ) ; JACOFSKY; MARC CRAIG;
(Phoenix, AZ)

Applicant: THE CENTER FOR ORTHOPEDIC RESEARCH AND EDUCATION, INC.   Phoenix   AZ
US (Arizona)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
graft tensioning device comprising a basin capable of containing a fluid, a
heating element capable of heating the fluid to an appropriate temperature, a
tray disposed within the basin, and a graft holding fixture for maintaining a
tissue graft in tension, permanently or removably secured to the tray, wherein
the graft holding fixture and tissue graft may be submersed within the fluid.
The device may further comprise a base, a shelf and/or a cover. The device may
be reusable, disposable or some combination thereof."


LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              85 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Medical Device Daily

                             June 11, 2013 Tuesday

Report from Europe: CryoLife receives CE mark for HeRo graft for ESRD patients

LENGTH: 1088 words

A Medical Device Daily Staff Report

CryoLife (Atlanta) said it received the CE mark for the HeRO (Hemodialysis
Reliable Outflow) Graft system. The HeRO Graft is a proprietary graft-based
solution for end-stage renal disease (ESRD) hemodialysis patients with limited
access options and central venous stenosis.

The first HeRO Graft clinical cases in Europe are expected to be performed in
July 2013. The surgeons performing these initial cases will establish the first
HeRO Graft training center in Europe, which will support the company's
controlled market introduction of the product during the second half of 2013,
followed by a broader European launch in 2014. The company estimates the
European market opportunity for the HeRO Graft to be around $30 million.

"We have received positive feedback on the HeRO Graft from European physicians
at medical meetings in Europe and the U.S.," said Steven Anderson, chairman,
president/CEO of CryoLife. "We believe it will be well received in Europe
because it is clinically proven to reduce infection rates by 69 percent as
compared to tunneled dialysis catheters, which is a benefit for patients and
government payors. Following the initial European cases, we will gradually train
physicians and roll out the product to additional centers in order to ensure
positive clinical outcomes ahead of a broader launch in 2014. We will also
evaluate our early HeRO Graft experience in Europe, which we expect will further
demonstrate the clinical utility of the product."

The HeRO Graft received its initial FDA clearance in 2008 and initial CE Mark
approval in 2011 (Medical Device Daily, Sept. 8, 2011). It is indicated for
catheter dependent ESRD patients on long-term hemodialysis who have exhausted
all other access options, such as AV fistulas and grafts (AVFs and AVGs). Prior
to the introduction of the HeRO Graft, the only option for these patients was
access through percutaneous tunneled dialysis catheters (TDCs), which are higher
cost, have high infection rates, limit a patient's lifestyle, and foster central
venous stenosis, or narrowing. The HeRO Graft overcomes the limitations of TDCs
by providing a completely subcutaneous graft that functions like a regular
access graft during dialysis and provides superior blood flow and a 69 percent
reduction in bacteremia (bacteria in the blood) compared with TDCs. HeRO Graft
is the only subcutaneous AV access solution clinically proven to maintain
long-term access for hemodialysis patients with central venous stenosis.

CryoLife specializes in implantable living human tissues for use in cardiac and
vascular surgeries throughout the U.S., certain countries in Europe, and Canada.

French patient treated with TomoHDA

Accuray (Sunnyvale, California) said the first patient has been treated with its
new TomoHDA system at Centre Oscar Lambret in Lille, France. Building upon the
proven TomoTherapy® Hi-Art® and TomoHD technologies, the company says the
TomoHDA System is a fully-integrated radiation therapy system designed to treat
the full spectrum of cancer patients. Performance enhancements, unrivaled dose
distributions and faster treatments are among the multiple new benefits of the
TomoHDA System. With the addition of this latest innovation in the TomoTherapy
family, Centre Oscar Lambret will be capable of providing excellent care to more
patients as a result of the TomoHDA System's increased speed when computing
treatment plans and delivering radiation treatment.

Centre Oscar Lambret specializes in radiation oncology treatment with three
TomoTherapy Systems on-site and a CyberKnife System. All three TomoTherapy
Systems are equipped with VoLO Technology, offering real-time efficiency for
treatment planning and dose calculation. VoLO Technology relies on high-end
graphics processing unit (GPU) hardware and software that leverage the GPU's
parallel processing abilities to perform dose calculation and optimization in a
matter of minutes even for the most complex cases.

The new TomoHDA System is equipped with the VoLO Technology as well the TomoEDGE
Dynamic Jaws technology making it the gold standard for image-guided IMRT
(intensity-modulated radiation therapy) treatment, offering faster treatments,
according to Accuray. The new TomoEDGE technology allows for sharper dose
sculpting and reduces treatment time for many patients by approximately half,
which will enable clinics to treat more patients per day.

Masimo wins a major client

Masimo (Irvine, California), a maker of non-invasive monitoring technology for
patient care, together with University Children's Hospital Basel in Basel,
Switzerland, recently reported that the hospital was the first pediatric
institution in the region to use in its general wards Masimo Patient SafetyNet.
Masimo Patient SafetyNet combines Masimo SET pulse oximetry with wireless
notification and monitoring of ventilation.

The operationalization at the University Children's Hospital Basel, locally the
Universitats-Kinderspital Beider Basel, occurred after an exhaustive study which
led to the adoption of Masimo SET pulse oximetry at the facility. The Children's
Hospital Basel partners the University of Basel.

Qiagen expands molecular assays

At the European Society of Human Genetics Conference in Paris, Qiagen (Venlo,
the Netherlands) reported plans to expand its existing portfolio of molecular
assays used in next-generation sequencing (NGS) during 2013 as part of its
expansion into this fast-growing market and ambitions to provide an ecosystem of
products and services designed to drive greater use of this breakthrough
technology in clinical research and diagnostics.

The current portfolio of nine GeneRead DNAseq panels launched in late 2012 is
being expanded to around 20 during the course of 2013. Qiagen is leveraging its
molecular content and assay portfolio to create these new gene panels for
targeted NGS analysis based on the GeneGlobe portfolio of more than 60,000
annotated molecular assays. Initial customer demand has been very strong for
these products, which are "universal" and are designed to be used on any NGS
platform, and also to integrate into the sample-to-result NGS workflow that
includes the Qiagen GeneReader platform targeted for placements to select
customer groups in 2013.

Qiagen is a provider of Sample & Assay Technologies that are used to transform
biological materials into valuable molecular information. Sample technologies
are used to isolate and process DNA, RNA and proteins from biological samples
such as blood or tissue.

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                          Copyright 2013 AHC Media LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              86 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          February 13, 2013 Wednesday

USPTO Published Patent application of Ecolab USA Inc. titled as "CLEANING
COMPOSITION CONTAINING A POLYSACCHARIDE GRAFT POLYMER COMPOSITION AND METHODS OF
IMPROVING DRAINAGE"

LENGTH: 193  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an application no.
20130035275, on February 07, 2013, by Ecolab USA Inc., titled as "CLEANING
COMPOSITION CONTAINING A POLYSACCHARIDE GRAFT POLYMER COMPOSITION AND METHODS OF
IMPROVING DRAINAG" for the registration of patent.

Inventors:  Silvernail; Carter; (Burnsville, MN) ; Olson; Erik C.; (Eagan, MN)
Assignee:  Ecolab USA Inc.
St. Paul
MN

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
composition includes a polysaccharide graft polymer composition. In one
embodiment, the polysaccharide graft polymer composition includes a
polysaccharide residue present in an amount from about 5% to about 90% by weight
of the polysaccharide graft polymer composition and a residue of at least one
ethylenically unsaturated monomer present in an amount from about 10% to about
75% by weight of the polysaccharide graft polymer composition."

The Patent was filed on July 30, 2012 under application No. 20130035275

For more information please visit: http://www.uspto.gov/. In case of any query
regarding this article or other content needs please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              87 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Health Daily Digest

                             June 11, 2013 Tuesday

Conformite Europeenne Mark Obtained by CryoLife for HeRO Graft System

LENGTH: 303 words

DATELINE: U.S.


U.S., June 11 -- CE (Conformite Europeenne) Mark certification has been attained
by CryoLife Inc. for the HeRO (Hemodialysis Reliable Outflow) Graft system that
has been produced at the company's novel manufacturing facility in Atlanta.

The HeRO Graft system is a patented graft-based solution for end-stage renal
disease (ESRD) hemodialysis patients, who have restricted access alternatives
and central venous stenosis.

The foremost HeRO Graft clinical cases in Europe are anticipated to be executed
in July 2013. The surgeons who are executing these preliminary cases will form
the foremost HeRO Graft training center in Europe that will back the company's
controlled market launch of the product, after a broader European introduction
in 2014.

Chairman, president and CEO of CryoLife stated that the company has got an
optimistic feedback for the HeRO Graft system from the European physicians at
medical meetings.

This Hemodialysis Reliable Outflow Graft system got a primary 510(k) clearance
from FDA and preliminary CE Mark approval in 2011. It is signified for catheter
dependent ESRD patients on enduring hemodialysis. This system conquers the
restrictions of tunneled dialysis catheters by offering an entirely subcutaneous
graft that works as a regular access graft at the time of dialysis.

CryoLife Inc. is involved in distributing and preserving human tissues for
transplantation in the U.S. and globally. It also creates, manufactures and
commercializes medical devices for cardiac and vascular applications. The
company was founded in 1984 and is headquartered in Kennesaw, Georgia.

Written By Tanu Trivedi

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Health Daily Digest. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2013 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              88 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Medical Device Daily

                             August 27, 2001 Monday

Product Briefs

LENGTH: 986 words

Product Briefs

·Comsys (Houston, Texas), a provider of IT solutions, has launched a health care
practice information management solution, The Comsys Healthcare One solution,
combining detailed industry knowledge, comprehensive services and innovative
technology with one of the first, health care-specific middleware products,
according to the company. "The health care industry is dealing with legacy
systems and applications that lack scalability, extensibility, adaptability,
data aggregation, data exchange and compliance with the latest regulatory
requirements of HIPAA. This makes them ripe for modern, cost-effective
solutions," said Mike Willis, Comsys president and CEO. Central to the solutions
is a proprietary software package, Comsys Layer One. It features a
patient-centric, rather than the traditional enterprise-centric, architecture
for aggregating data. Browser-based applications and next-generation technology
and language tools also optimize and facilitate the ability to access and manage
information. Layer One is fully HIPAA compliant.

·CryoLife (Atlanta, Georgia), a developer of cryopreserved and tissue-engineered
implantable heart valves, vascular and orthopedic reconstruction grafts, and
surgical adhesives, reported receiving CE marking for its SynerGraft Model 100
tissue-engineered vascular graft. The new vascular graft uses patented
SynerGraft technology, which removes antigens from human or animal tissue,
leaving a collagen matrix with the potential to be repopulated with the
patient's own cells. The SynerGraft vascular graft was created by removing the
cells from bovine tissue, providing for a sterile, implantable, collagen matrix
capable of being repopulated with the recipient's own cells. CryoLife's A-V
access graft addresses a European population of over 200,000 dialysis patients.
The SynerGraft technology has been used in the development of aortic and
pulmonary replacement heart valves that were awarded CE marking last year. Both
SynerGraft tissue engineered heart valves are currently commercially available
within the European community

·Data Sciences International (DSI; St. Paul, Minnesota) reports that it is in
clinical trials with a home system for remotely monitoring and recording left
ventricular pressure of the heart, a key parameter for assessing heart
performance that currently cannot be measured in CHF patients at home. Once
implanted, the DSI device transmits information regarding the status of the left
ventricle, via Internet, to the physician's office for adjustment of medication
dosages or other therapy. The device is designed for CHF patients who have
progressed to a stage where a valve replacement or coronary artery bypass graft
has been scheduled. The company says it anticipates trial results by the fourth
quarter, with European commercial launch occurring as early as 1Q04 and the U.S.
launch in 3Q05.

·Image-Guided Neurologics (Melbourne, Florida) and Peregrine Pharmaceuticals
(Tustin, California) have agree to co-sponsor a Phase I/II pilot study of
Cotara, Peregrine's tumor necrosis therapy drug, using IGN's Navigus Array
multi-lumen intracranial catheter in patients with brain cancer. The study is
designed to further characterize flow and distribution characteristics of the
Array catheter when used with Cotara, as well as to better understand methods to
improve overall distribution of the drug at the tumor site. Approximately six
patients will be enrolled.

·Non-Invasive Monitoring Systems (Miami Beach, Florida) said the FDA has granted
approval to market the company's RespiEvents software for its product line of
Respitrace devices. According to the company, the Windows-based software
provides the most comprehensive package for breathing pattern analysis that is
collected by non-invasive respiratory recording devices. RespiEvents is designed
to identify and classify apneas, displays heart rate changes from
electrocardiographic waveforms, logs values from pulse oximeters, and displays
signals from other physiological recording devices, in the waking and sleeping
states as well as the activities of daily living.

·St. Jude Medical (St. Paul, Minnesota) said it received CE mark approval for
its next-generation stentless tissue valve, the Toronto Root bioprosthesis, and
will begin a limited European market launch. St. Jude Medical has also received
Canadian clinical trial approval for the Toronto Root bioprosthesis, to begin at
Toronto General Hospital (Toronto, Ontario). The Toronto Root bioprosthesis
builds on St. Jude Medical's highly successful Toronto SPV valve, a stentless
porcine tissue valve. The Toronto Root  bioprosthesis, a stentless aortic root
bioprosthesis, is used in procedures where aortic root disease accompanies valve
disease. According to the company, The Toronto Root bioprosthesis combines the
advantages of the Toronto SPV valve with the benefit of St. Jude Medical's
BiLinx anti-calcification technology, designed to reduce calcification on both
the aortic wall tissue and the aortic leaflets.

·X-MINE (Hayward, California) has introduced X-Miner 1.0, the company's flagship
computational platform for genomic data mining. X-Miner 1.0 features advances in
data computation and pattern recognition, using approaches from modern
statistics, pattern recognition and high-performance parallel computing into a
seamless platform for genomics and proteomics, according to the company. Sandip
Ray, president and CEO of X-MINE, said, "X-Mine tools are applicable to a broad
range of biological queries including disease mechanism, target function,
prediction of drug mechanism of action, biological efficacy, small molecule
screen analysis, clinical profiling, and predictive toxicology." Founded by
leaders in the field of genomics from MIT/Whitehead Institute (Boston,
Massachusetts), and Stanford University (Palo Alto, California), X-Mine is a
genomic knowledge discovery company.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                          Copyright 2001 AHC Media LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              89 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 29, 2014 Tuesday

USPTO Published Patent application of MEDTRONIC, INC titled as "Stent-Graft and
Method for Percutaneous Access and Closure of Vessels"

LENGTH: 260  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an application no.
20140114391, published on April 24, 2014, by MEDTRONIC, INC, titled as "Stent-
Graft and Method for Percutaneous Access and Closure of Vessels" for the
registration of patent.

Inventors:   Tabor; Charles; (Minneapolis, MN)
Assignee:   MEDTRONIC, INC.
Minneapolis
MN

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "In a
method of accessing and closing a vessel, a vessel is percutaneously accessed
through a first opening in the vessel wall at a first location. A stent-graft is
delivered through the first opening to a second location. The stent-graft is
deployed at the second location. The vessel is then accessed through a second
opening through the vessel wall at the second location, wherein the second
opening is generally aligned with a fenestration through the graft material of
the stent-graft. A delivery device is advanced through the second opening, the
fenestration, and the stent-graft lumen to a third location spaced from the
first location and the second location. After the delivery device is retracted
through the lumen of the stent-graft and out of the fenestration and the second
opening, the stent graft is rotated or translated such that the fenestration is
not aligned with the second opening."

The Patent was filed on October 18, 2012 under application No. 20140114391

For more information please visit: http://www.uspto.gov/. In case of any query
regarding this article or other content needs please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              90 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               India Pharma News

                       August 20, 2012 Monday 6:30 AM EST

W. L. Gore & Associates: Gore Receives CE Mark for GORE Hybrid Vascular Graft

LENGTH: 458  words


New Delhi, Aug. 20 -- W. L. Gore & Associates (Gore) has received CE Mark for
the GORE Hybrid Vascular Graft. The graft is designed to expand treatment
options for optimal outflow by maximizing the number of access sites available.
Twelve month follow-up data for newly created access implants demonstrates a
trend towards significant improvement in functional graft patency and reduction
in seroma, as compared to historical graft data. Since commercialization, there
have been more than 2500 successful implants of the GORE Hybrid Vascular Graft
in patients suffering occlusive or aneurysmal diseases, in trauma patients
requiring vascular replacement, for dialysis access, and other vascular
procedures.



The GORE Hybrid Vascular Graft, which received FDA clearance in 2010, is
indicated for use as a vascular prosthesis for replacement or bypass of diseased
vessels impacted by aortic aneurysmal, peripheral vascular and end stage renal
disease. The device is designed to address the most common causes of graft
failure; intimal hyperplasia, thrombosis, and seroma. The device simplifies
access to vessels with an optional over the wire deployment method that reduces
vessel injury and dissection. The GORE Hybrid Vascular Graft has been used to
create new access sites in anatomical locations that would have otherwise been
abandoned, preserving the amount of access sites available throughout the
patient's long-term therapy.

"The GORE Hybrid Vascular Graft, for the first time, palpably bridges the gap
between traditional vascular and endovascular surgery. It is the first
significant innovation in vascular grafts in years, providing tremendous
versatility," said Jean Bismuth, MD, Assistant Professor at the Methodist
DeBakey Heart and Vascular Center in Houston, Texas. "The GORE Hybrid Vascular
Graft allows the surgeon to create a sutureless anastomosis and displays
significant potential for improving hemodynamics."

The GORE Hybrid Vascular Graft combines several trusted Gore technologies. The
expanded polytetrafluoroethylene (ePTFE) vascular prosthesis has a section
reinforced with nitinol. The nitinol reinforced section is partially constrained
to allow for easy insertion and deployment into vessels that are difficult to
reach or in challenging anatomical locations. It is the only combination graft
of its kind that incorporates CARMEDA BioActive Surface (CBAS Surface) with
covalently bonded heparin, resulting in a proven thromboresistant surface.

"Receiving CE Mark for the GORE Hybrid Vascular Graft demonstrates our
commitment to providing physicians with innovative technology that can expand
treatment options and improve patient outcomes worldwide," said Chuck
Biggerstaff, associate with the Gore Venous Access Business.

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2012 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              91 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                   April 3, 2001 Tuesday, COAST YORK Edition

Nancy V. Graft, 67

SECTION: COAST & STATE; Pg. 4B

LENGTH: 262 words

DATELINE: BRUNSWICK


Nancy V. Graft, 67, of Peary Drive died March 31, 2001, at Maine Medical Center
in Portland after a brief illness with cancer.

She was born in Indianapolis, a daughter of Theodore and Dorothy Warrick
Foxworthy, and graduated as valedictorian from Arsenal Technical High School in
Indianapolis. She later attended the University of Cincinnati for two years.

On July 20, 1953, she married Jack Graft on CBS TV's "Bride and Groom Show."

Mrs. Graft later graduated from Miami University of Ohio with a bachelor's
degree in education. She was an assistant to the bursar at the University of
Dayton, where she received her master's degree in business administration in
1977.

She retired in 1998 after serving as bursar at the University of Dayton for 27
years.

In September 2000, she moved to Brunswick, and was a member of the Mid-Coast
Presbyterian Church in Topsham.

Mrs. Graft read often, and enjoyed needle work and puzzles. She loved the arts,
playing the piano and traveling.

She was a longtime member of the 10 O'clock Scholars Reading Group, a member of
the First Presbyterian Church, the Order of the Eastern Star and the Order of
Amaranth in Franklin, Ohio.

An infant son, Matthew Graft, died in 1967.

Surviving are her daughter, Jan M. Cox of Brunswick; her brother, David
Foxworthy of New York City; and two grandsons, Keith and Kevin.

A memorial funeral service will be held at 4 p.m. Friday at Mid-Coast
Presbyterian Church, 84 Main St., Topsham. The Rev. Bruce Langford will
officiate. Arrangements are by Alpha Cremation Service, Biddeford.

LOAD-DATE: April 3, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                 Copyright 2001 Blethen Maine Newspapers, Inc.


                              92 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Health Daily Digest

                            November 2, 2012 Friday

USPTO Issues Key Patent to Ariste Medical

LENGTH: 263 words

DATELINE: U.S.


U.S., Nov. 2 -- A key patent has been issued to Ariste Medical Inc. by the U.S.
Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO).

The U.S. patent covers up a formulation proficient of coating
polytetrafluoroethylene (PTFE) and expanded PTFE, also known as Teflon and
Gore-Tex. The new coating has the potential of including several pharmaceutical
agents, allowing surgically implantable medical devices that are made of PTFE or
ePTFE.

The company is currently developing a drug-eluting vascular graft to avoid
restenosis-induced graft failure in hemodialysis patients. Also, Ariste has
increased $1.275 million in seed capital to improve the vascular graft program
and to extend this technology to implantable devices prepared from PTFE or
ePTFE.

Pre-clinical models showing evidence of using ePTFE grafts coated with rapamycin
that has attained decrease in neointimal hyperplasia, or scarring in the graft,
has been completed by the company. Ariste considers that the new technology will
avert graft failure in the hemodialysis setting.

Ariste Medical Inc. is involved in developing drug-eluting medical devices. The
company provides anti-proliferative vascular grafts that decrease neointimal
hyperplasia; anti-infective vascular grafts to elute antibiotics and
anti-thrombotic vascular grafts. Ariste Medical was incorporated in 2007 and is
based in Memphis, Tennessee.

Written By Tanu Trivedi Published by HT Syndication with permission from Health
Daily Digest. For any query with respect to this article or any other content
requirement, please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 2, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2012 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              93 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                           November 19, 2016 Saturday

Boston Scientific Scimed, Inc. (Minnesota) applies for US Patent titled as
"SYSTEM AND METHOD FOR TREATING PROLAPSE AND INCONTINENCE"

LENGTH: 198 words

DATELINE: New York


ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an
application no. 20160331503 for US Patent, published on November 17, 2016, by
Boston Scientific Scimed, Inc. (Minnesota), titled as "SYSTEM AND METHOD FOR
TREATING PROLAPSE AND INCONTINENCE"  for the registration of patent.



Inventors: Miller; Dennis; (Shorewood, WI)

Applicant: Boston Scientific Scimed, Inc. Maple Grove   MN   US (Minnesota)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
system and method of treating vaginal prolapse and incontinence comprises a kit.
The kit includes a mesh graft configured for attachment to the anterior and
posterior vaginal walls to thereby treat the vaginal prolapse. A graft delivery
device is also provided for introducing and placing the mesh graft to a location
deep within the peritoneal cavity and for attaching the graft thereto. A leg
assembly is provided and coupled to an end of the mesh graft and cooperates with
the graft delivery device to anchor and affix the mesh graft to the desired
anatomical structures. The method according to the present invention
contemplates a laparoscopic graft placement utilizing the components of the
kit."


LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              94 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                            December 23, 2016 Friday

US Patent granted to Hackensack University Medical Center (US) on December 15,
titled as 'USE OF TELMISARTAN TO PREVENT AND TREAT GRAFT VERSUS HOST DISEASE AND
OTHER ALLOIMMUNE AND AUTOIMMUNE DISEASES'

LENGTH: 225 words

DATELINE: New York



 ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent
no. 20160361300, on December 15 2016, to Hackensack University Medical Center
(US), titled as 'USE OF TELMISARTAN TO PREVENT AND TREAT GRAFT VERSUS HOST
DISEASE AND OTHER ALLOIMMUNE AND AUTOIMMUNE DISEASES'



 Inventors: Schwartz; David; (Baltimore, MD) ; Iyengar; Sujatha; (Baltimore, MD)



 Assignee: Hackensack University Medical Center (US)



 According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: 'The
described invention relates to methods for preventing or treating graft
-versus-host disease while preserving a graft-versus-tumor effect, increasing
survival of, preserving alloreactivity, or a combination thereof in a patient
with a tumor receiving a transplant. The described methods comprise
administering to the patient a therapeutic amount of a pharmaceutical
composition comprising a Rho kinase inhibitor compound, e.g., telmisartan or
related angiotensin receptor blockers, and a pharmaceutically acceptable
excipient. The therapeutic amount may be effective to attenuate graft
-versus-host disease and to preserve the graft-versus-tumor effect of the
transplant.'



 The patent was filed on June 3, 2016 Application no. 15/173079



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              95 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                             January 6, 2017 Friday

Head Line: US Patent granted to MiMedx Group, Inc (Georgia) on January 3, 2017
titled as "Placental tissue grafts and methods of preparing and using the same"

LENGTH: 221 words

DATELINE: New York


ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no.
9,533,011 on January 3, 2017, to MiMedx Group, Inc (Georgia) titled as
"Placental tissue grafts and methods of preparing and using the same"

Inventors: Daniel; John (Woodstock, GA), Spencer; Randall (Acworth, GA), Russo;
John (Sarasota, FL), Tofe; Robert (Denver, CO)


Assignee: MiMedx Group, Inc. (Marietta, GA) (Georgia)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office:
"Described herein are tissue grafts derived from the placenta. The grafts are
composed of at least one layer of amnion tissue where the epithelium layer has
been substantially removed in order to expose the basement layer to host cells.
By removing the epithelium layer, cells from the host can more readily interact
with the cell-adhesion bio-active factors located onto top and within of the
basement membrane. Also described herein are methods for making and using the
tissue grafts. The laminin structure of amnion tissue is nearly identical to
that of native human tissue such as, for example, oral mucosa tissue. This
includes high level of laminin-5, a cell adhesion bio-active factor show to bind
gingival epithelia-cells, found throughout upper portions of the basement
membrane."

The patent was filed on February 3, 2014 Application No. 14/171,511


LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              96 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                           December 1, 2016 Thursday

Head Line: US Patent granted to C. R. BARD, INC. on November 29, 2016 titled as
"Flexible stretch stent-graft"

LENGTH: 204 words

DATELINE: New York


ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no.
9,504,556 on November 29, 2016, to C. R. BARD, INC. titled as "Flexible stretch
stent-graft"

Inventors: Bebb; Debra A. (Chandler, AZ), Cundy; Sandra M. (Mesa, AZ), Dorn;
Jurgen (Neulussheim, DE)


Assignee: C. R. BARD, INC. (Tempe, AZ)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
stent device includes a first graft member, a second graft member and a stent
frame defining a central axis. The frame has an abluminal surface engaged with
the first graft member and a luminal surface engaged with the second graft
member such that the first graft member and the second graft member encapsulates
the stent frame along the length of the central axis. The stent frame includes a
configuration where the stent frame is disposed on a curvature such that the
abluminal surface has a radius of curvature of approximately 20 millimeters
about a center of the curvature and the luminal surface defines a substantially
constant effective cross-sectional area at any portion generally transverse to
the central axis of the stent frame disposed about the curvature."

The patent was filed on February 8, 2011 Application No. 13/023,371


LOAD-DATE: December 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              97 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Health Daily Digest

                            February 20, 2012 Monday

Cartilage Grafts May Bid Adieu to Painful Fractures, Bad Bone Grafts

LENGTH: 190 words

DATELINE: U.S.


U.S., Feb. 20 -- In a major advancement, a novel research has discovered a
promising technique for regenerating bones, due to which tender fractures and
bad bone grafts may also become redundant.

The study, which was conducted by researchers from the University of California
in San Francisco, suggested that cartilage graft might bid farewell to fractures
and bone grafts.

One of the researchers said that cartilage graft tends to induce bone which
assimilates thoroughly with the individual's own bone and results in creation of
blood vessels (vascularization).

Experts said that cartilage graft is highly diverse as compared to the existing
techniques utilized for bone grafting i.e. autograft bone or allograft
materials.

They added that the present grafting methods may lead to ineffective graft
incorporation and osteonecrosis, the condition in which bone mortality is caused
due to poor blood supply to the region.

Written by Ritika Berry Published by HT Syndication with permission from Health
Daily Digest. For any query with respect to this article or any other content
requirement, please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2012 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              98 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

             Copyright 2017 Thomson Financial, All Rights Reserved
                            Reuters Knowledge Direct

                               February 27, 2017

                                  IsoTis, Inc.

                                   2 GOODYEAR
                               IRVINE,  CA 92618
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: Main Phone: 1-949-5958710
FAX: 1-302-6365454

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
TICKER: ISOT
CUSIP: 46489T109
IRS No.: 205825634
CIK: 0001380180
ISIN: US46489T1097
SEDOL: B1LCGL4
Reuters Instrument Code: ISOT.O^L07
Display RIC: ISOT.OQ

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: November 3, 2006
PLACE OF INCORPORATION: Delaware
LEGAL STATUS: Equity Issue
OPERATING STATUS: Inactive

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   IsoTis, Inc. (IsoTis) is an orthobiologics company that develops,
manufactures and markets products for the treatment of musculoskeletal diseases
and disorders. IsoTis'  business and operations consists solely of the business
and operations of IsoTis S.A., its 90.46%-owned subsidiary. The Company' s
orthobiologics products are bone graft substitutes that promote the regeneration
of bone and are used to repair natural, trauma-related and surgically created
defects common in orthopedic procedures, including spinal fusion, joint
replacement and trauma procedures. The Company' s portfolio of products includes
two categories of bone graft substitute materials: products based on its Accell
technology and traditional bone graft substitute products, which do not
incorporate the Accell process. During the year ended December 31, 2006, revenue
from IsoTis'  Accell products represented 49% of its total revenue. In August
2006, the Company sold its dental assets to Keystone Dental, Inc.

   Accell Products

   The first product based on IsoTis'  Accell technology was Accell 100,
introduced in May 2002, under its original name, Accell DBM 100. The other
Accell products include Accell Connexus and Accell Total Bone Matrix (Accell
TBM). As of December 31, 2006, the Company had sold over 60,000 units of its
Accell products.

   Accell 100 is designed for use in filling voids or defects in bone, such as
in spinal fusions or the repair of defects resulting from trauma, where the
defect itself will hold the product in place. IsoTis'  Accell 100 can be molded
and packed to fit into the surgical site. Accell Connexus is similar to Accell
100 but incorporates the Company' s reverse phase medium carrier and is designed
for use in surgical applications where a graft material that will withstand
irrigation without displacement is beneficial. The primary applications for
Accell Connexus include the repair of defects resulting from trauma, joint
revisions and the repair of bone fractures, in each case where the defect itself
will not hold the product in place. Accell TBM consists of a freeze-dried graft
material that comes in a variety of preformed configurations that can be further
tailored during an operation to approximate the size and shape of the defect
under repair. Accell TBM is typically used in spinal fusion, hip revision and
trauma applications. In August 2007, IsoTis announced that it has received the
United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA), clearing the Accell Family of
Products for marketing in the United States as Class II medical devices.

   Traditional Bone Graft Substitute Products

   IsoTis'  traditional bone graft substitutes include two demineralized bone
matrix (DBM) products, DynaGraft II and OrthoBlast II, and two synthetic bone
graft substitutes, OsSatura BCP and OsSatura TCP. DynaGraft II is a bone graft
substitute composed of DBM in reverse phase medium. DynaGraft II is available
both as a putty and as a gel that can be packed and molded into bone defects.
OrthoBlast II is a bone graft substitute composed of DBM in reverse phase
medium. OrthoBlast II also contains bone chips, which increase the products
structure and resistance to compression. The product is available both as a
putty and a paste and is generally used in applications where more
osteoconductivity and volume is desired. OsSatura BCP and OsSatura TCP are
synthetic bone graft substitutes designed to be similar to human bone in both
structure and chemical composition. OsSatura TCP is designed to be absorbed more
quickly than OsSatura BCP.

   The Company competes with Medtronic Sofamor Danek, DePuy Inc., a Johnson &
Johnson company, Synthes Inc., Musculoskeletal Tissue Foundation, Stryker
Corporation, Osteotech, Inc., Regeneration Technologies, Inc., Wright Medical
Technology, Inc., Biomet, Inc. and Orthovita, Inc.

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
NAICS CODES:
54171 - Research and Development in the Physical, Engineering, and Life Sciences

PRIMARY SIC:
8731 - Commercial Physical Research
SECONDARY SIC:
8731 - Commercial Physical Research
COMPETITORS:

     ·    Johnson & Johnson
     ·    Synthes Inc.
     ·    Stryker Corporation
     ·    Osteotech, Inc.
     ·    RTI Surgical Inc
     ·    Wright Medical Group Inc
     ·    Orthovita, Inc.


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: December 31, 2006

MOST RECENT EXCHANGE RATE:  1.0
CHART OF ACCOUNTS:  Industry
ACCOUNTING STANDARD:  U.S. GAAP
LATEST AVAILABLE ANNUAL:  20170227

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS ('000 USD)
                                    12/31/2006      12/31/2005      12/31/2004
Cash & Equivalents                      13,363          15,714          25,540
Cash and Short Term                     13,363          15,714          25,540
Investments
Accounts Receivable - Trade,             7,463           6,307           4,414
Net
Receivables - Other                        374             295             435
Total Receivables, Net                   7,837           6,602           4,849
Total Inventory                         14,211          10,020           9,295
Prepaid Expenses                           924             761           2,298
Restricted Cash - Current                1,660           2,184           3,030
Other Current Assets, Total              1,660           2,280           3,167
Total Current Assets                    37,995          35,377          45,149
Property/Plant/Equipment,                3,907           1,359           3,271
Total - Net
Goodwill, Net                           16,383          16,383          16,383
Intangibles, Net                        11,027          13,585          16,236
Restricted Cash - Long Term              1,250           2,250           4,606
Other Long Term Assets, Total            1,250           2,250           4,606
Total Assets                            70,562          68,954          85,645



LIABILITIES ('000 USD)
                                    12/31/2006      12/31/2005      12/31/2004
Accounts Payable                         6,707           2,910           3,572
Accrued Expenses                         6,561           6,681           8,469
Current Port. of LT                      3,751           1,015           6,837
Debt/Capital Leases
Customer Advances                        1,343             345              62
Other Current liabilities,               1,343             345              62
Total
Total Current Liabilities               18,362          10,951          18,940
Long Term Debt                           1,697           2,044           3,068
Total Long Term Debt                     1,697           2,044           3,068
Total Debt                               5,448           3,059           9,905
Total Liabilities                       25,131          12,995          22,008



EQUITY ('000 USD)
                                    12/31/2006      12/31/2005      12/31/2004
Common Stock                            50,729          50,645          49,955
Common Stock, Total                     50,729          50,645          49,955
Additional Paid-In Capital             106,868         106,212         105,599
Retained Earnings (Accumulated       (132,307)       (113,829)       (114,738)
Deficit)
Other Comprehensive Income              20,141          12,932          22,822
Other Equity, Total                     20,141          12,932          22,822
Total Equity                            45,431          55,960          63,638
Total Liabilities &                     70,562          68,955          85,646
Shareholders' Equity
Shares Outs - Common Stock               7,095           7,061           6,974
Primary Issue
Total Common Shares                      7,095           7,061           6,974
Outstanding



FOOTNOTE
                                    12/31/2006      12/31/2005      12/31/2004
Goodwill - Net                          16,383          16,383          16,383
Deferred Revenue - Current               1,343             345              62



RATIOS
                                    12/31/2006      12/31/2005      12/31/2004
Total Current Assets less               23,784          25,357          35,854
Inventory('000 USD)
Quick Ratio                                  1               2               2
Current Ratio                                2               3               2
Net Debt('000 USD)                     (7,915)        (12,655)        (15,635)
Tangible Book Value('000 USD)           18,021          25,992          31,019
Tangible Book Value per Share                3               4               4
(USD)

* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


('000 USD)
                                    12/31/2006      12/31/2005      12/31/2004
Net Sales                               40,662          32,063          25,269
Revenue                                 40,662          32,063          25,269
Other Revenue                               36              39             172
Other Revenue, Total                        36              39             172
Total Revenue                           40,698          32,102          25,441
Cost of Revenue                         15,072          13,114          12,254
Cost of Revenue, Total                  15,072          13,114          12,254
Gross Profit                            25,590          18,949          13,015
Selling/General/Administrative          29,974          22,565          29,579
Expense
Selling/General/Admin.                  29,974          22,565          29,579
Expenses, Total
Research & Development                   7,743           6,330          12,159
Total Operating Expense                 52,789          42,009          58,735
Operating Income                      (12,091)         (9,907)        (33,294)
Interest Expense -                       (150)           (406)           (319)
Non-Operating
Interest Expense, Net                    (150)           (406)           (319)
Non-Operating
Interest Income -                          607             546             462
Non-Operating
Investment Income -                    (6,972)           9,982         (5,978)
Non-Operating
Interest/Invest Income -               (6,365)          10,528         (5,516)
Non-Operating
Interest                               (6,515)          10,122         (5,835)
Inc.(Exp.),Net-Non-Op., Total
Other Non-Operating Income                 127             695           1,899
(Expense)
Other, Net                                 127             695           1,899
Net Income Before Taxes               (18,479)             910        (37,230)
Net Income After Taxes                (18,479)             910        (37,230)
Net Income Before Extra. Items        (18,479)             910        (37,230)
Income Available to Com Excl          (18,479)             910        (37,230)
ExtraOrd
Basic Weighted Average Shares            7,093           7,046           6,955
Basic EPS Excluding                        (3)               0             (5)
Extraordinary Items
Diluted Weighted Average                 7,093           7,046           6,955
Shares
Diluted EPS Excluding ExtraOrd             (3)               0             (5)
Items



EXTRAORDINARY ('000 USD)
                                    12/31/2006      12/31/2005      12/31/2004
Net Income                            (18,479)             910        (37,230)
Income Available to Com Incl          (18,479)             910        (37,230)
ExtraOrd



NORMALIZED ('000 USD)
                                    12/31/2006      12/31/2005      12/31/2004
Normalized Income Before Taxes        (18,479)             910        (32,487)
Normalized Income After Taxes         (18,479)             910        (32,487)
Normalized Inc. Avail to Com.         (18,479)             910        (32,487)
Basic Normalized EPS                       (3)               0             (5)
Diluted Normalized EPS                     (3)               0             (5)



RATIOS
                                    12/31/2006      12/31/2005      12/31/2004
Gross Margin                                63              59              52
Operating Margin                           -30             -31            -131
Pretax Margin                              -45               3            -146
Net Profit Margin                          -45               3            -146
Normalized EBIT('000 USD)             (12,091)         (9,907)        (28,551)
Normalized EBITDA('000 USD)            (8,739)         (6,499)        (23,186)



SUPPLEMENTAL ('000 USD)
                                    12/31/2006      12/31/2005      12/31/2004
Basic EPS Including                        (3)               0             (5)
Extraordinary Items
Diluted Net Income                        (18)               1            (37)
Diluted EPS Including ExtraOrd             (3)               0             (5)
Items



FOOTNOTE
                                    12/31/2006      12/31/2005      12/31/2004
Interest Expense, Supplemental             150             406             319
Depreciation, Supplemental               3,352             833           2,057
Research & Development Exp,              7,743           6,330          12,159
Supplemental

* * * * * * * * * * CASHFLOW STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


('000 USD)
                                    12/31/2006      12/31/2005      12/31/2004
Net Income/Starting Line              (18,478)             909        (37,232)
Depreciation                             3,352           3,409           5,365
Depreciation/Depletion                   3,352           3,409           5,365
Unusual Items                          (1,730)           (654)         (1,587)
Other Non-Cash Items                     7,831         (9,330)          11,535
Non-Cash Items                           6,101         (9,984)           9,948
Accounts Receivable                    (1,497)         (2,411)           (816)
Inventories                            (4,090)           (891)         (2,827)
Other Assets                             (768)           1,218           1,150
Accounts Payable                         4,927           (835)           (418)
Other Liabilities                          279           (673)             565
Changes in Working Capital             (1,149)         (3,592)         (2,346)
Cash from Operating Activities        (10,174)         (9,258)        (24,265)
Purchase of Fixed Assets               (3,357)           (556)           (851)
Capital Expenditures                   (3,357)           (556)         (1,293)
Other Investing Cash Flow                1,628           2,820             691
Other Investing Cash Flow                8,618           5,602           1,687
Items, Total
Cash from Investing Activities           5,261           5,046             394
Sale/Issuance of Common                    108             892             613
Common Stock, Net                          108             892             613
Issuance (Retirement) of                   108             892             613
Stock, Net
Long Term Debt Reduction               (2,717)         (6,448)         (1,625)
Long Term Debt, Net                      2,383         (6,448)         (1,463)
Issuance (Retirement) of Debt,           2,383         (6,448)         (1,463)
Net
Cash from Financing Activities           2,491         (5,556)           (850)
Foreign Exchange Effects                    71            (57)             156
Net Change in Cash                     (2,352)         (9,825)        (24,565)
Net Cash - Beginning Balance            15,714          25,540          50,105
Net Cash - Ending Balance               13,363          15,714          25,540

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY SPECIFIC:


Balance Sheet
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                          37,995
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         39,807
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                            70,562
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           70,793
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                          45,431
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         37,139
('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           18,021
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           11,021
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           4,503
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                          13,363
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                           14,211
Inventory - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                               14,894
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                           18,362
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                         24,149
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                             25,131
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                           33,653
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                           1,697
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          1,212
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          7,837
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              8,721
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                             45,431
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                           37,139
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                           5,448
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              14,350
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                           3,352
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                            929
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                            3,456
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                      (13,531)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         (4,647)
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          (19,509)
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                       (1,434)
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                         4
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                      8
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .58
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .86
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                               1.24
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                   1.18
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                             5.91
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 5.21
(annualized)
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    2.07
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        1.65
Debt Service to EPS - most recent quarter                             22,597.50
Interest coverage - most recent fiscal year                               -1.86
Interest coverage - most recent quarter                                    1.28
Interest coverage - trailing 12 month                                     -8.58
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                   2.40
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                       1.71
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                   3.74
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                       3.26
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                            3.34
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                                2.19
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                      1.30
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                          1.03
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                  100.00
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                          7.72
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             20.27
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             10.71
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            25.89
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                         11.99
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                             38.64
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              2.77
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              2.44
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                        -14.31
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                -20.36
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                -14.31
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                    2.33
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            100.65
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                             100.71
EPS Change % - year over year                                         -2,117.52
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                           87.20
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         100.59
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                      100.71
Net Income Change % - year over year                                  -2,130.66
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         35.30
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                          46.04
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          26.78
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                        15,072
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                             4,430
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                         15,860
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                         (18,479)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                             40
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                        (14,044)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                         (18,479)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                        (18,479)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                            45
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                        (14,034)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                         (18,479)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              (12,091)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                       305
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (12,703)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              (8,739)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                           (6,499)
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                    1,234
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (9,247)
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                            150
USD)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           213
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             434
Net Income available to common - most recent                           (18,479)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                                 36
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                           (13,549)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                      (18,479)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                        (18,479)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                        (18,479)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                            7,743
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                            1,550
quarter ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - trailing 12                            7,400
month ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             40,698
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 14,566
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                   44,658
Tax rate - most recent quarter                                            11.11
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                   5
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    10
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                       (18,479)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                       (13,549)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                               (1,990)
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                           (14,044)
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                            -26.49
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                              .24
(annualized)
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                            -36.45
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                              .39
(annualized)
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                           -33.54
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                  .38
(annualized)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               6,404
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               5,787
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             2,540
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             1,717
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                              473
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                               468
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                              28
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                           (2,133)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                           613
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                             (738)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                   605
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                              151
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                       (2,997)
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                          (1,569)
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            1,884
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             702
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          (1,371)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                          (2,605)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                                6
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                               (1,990)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                         (2,605)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                               6
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                         (1,990)
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                         (2,605)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                               6
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                         (1,990)
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                          (2,605)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                         (1,908)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                           (1,393)
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                          (977)
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                          (2,871)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (724)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                       (1,370)
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                            (2,892)
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                               239
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              189
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                             5,738
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                          9,099
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                  2,269
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              6,619
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                    1.12
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                        1.24
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent                                13.08
quarter
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                   1.25
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                        .87
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         1.14
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                  2.82
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                               4.61
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                               1.25
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              4.22
quarter
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                   -21.47
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                         -20.71
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 62.93
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 59.10
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        57.28
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          60.80
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                         -45.41
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                           2.83
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                   .27
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                  -31.45
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                            -29.71
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                            -30.86
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                     2.09
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                     -28.45
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                               -45.41
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 2.83
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                         .31
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                        -31.43
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                            73.65
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                           56.85
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                             76.36
Float                                                                      6.90
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                         50,831
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                             6.75
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                           7.09
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                          6.42
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                           7.09
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                               6.42
Shares outstanding - current                                               7.10
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                             6.75
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                            7.09
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                            6.42
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            97.19



Cash Flow
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                          37,995
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         39,807
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                            70,562
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           70,793
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                          45,431
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         37,139
('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           18,021
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           11,021
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           4,503
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                          13,363
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                           14,211
Inventory - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                               14,894
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                           18,362
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                         24,149
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                             25,131
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                           33,653
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                           1,697
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          1,212
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          7,837
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              8,721
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                             45,431
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                           37,139
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                           5,448
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              14,350
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                           3,352
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                            929
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                            3,456
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                      (13,531)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         (4,647)
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          (19,509)
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                       (1,434)
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                         4
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                      8
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .58
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .86
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                               1.24
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                   1.18
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                             5.91
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 5.21
(annualized)
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    2.07
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        1.65
Debt Service to EPS - most recent quarter                             22,597.50
Interest coverage - most recent fiscal year                               -1.86
Interest coverage - most recent quarter                                    1.28
Interest coverage - trailing 12 month                                     -8.58
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                   2.40
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                       1.71
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                   3.74
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                       3.26
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                            3.34
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                                2.19
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                      1.30
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                          1.03
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                  100.00
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                          7.72
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             20.27
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             10.71
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            25.89
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                         11.99
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                             38.64
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              2.77
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              2.44
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                        -14.31
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                -20.36
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                -14.31
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                    2.33
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            100.65
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                             100.71
EPS Change % - year over year                                         -2,117.52
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                           87.20
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         100.59
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                      100.71
Net Income Change % - year over year                                  -2,130.66
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         35.30
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                          46.04
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          26.78
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                        15,072
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                             4,430
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                         15,860
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                         (18,479)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                             40
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                        (14,044)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                         (18,479)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                        (18,479)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                            45
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                        (14,034)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                         (18,479)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              (12,091)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                       305
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (12,703)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              (8,739)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                           (6,499)
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                    1,234
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (9,247)
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                            150
USD)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           213
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             434
Net Income available to common - most recent                           (18,479)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                                 36
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                           (13,549)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                      (18,479)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                        (18,479)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                        (18,479)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                            7,743
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                            1,550
quarter ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - trailing 12                            7,400
month ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             40,698
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 14,566
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                   44,658
Tax rate - most recent quarter                                            11.11
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                   5
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    10
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                       (18,479)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                       (13,549)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                               (1,990)
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                           (14,044)
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                            -26.49
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                              .24
(annualized)
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                            -36.45
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                              .39
(annualized)
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                           -33.54
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                  .38
(annualized)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               6,404
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               5,787
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             2,540
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             1,717
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                              473
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                               468
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                              28
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                           (2,133)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                           613
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                             (738)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                   605
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                              151
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                       (2,997)
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                          (1,569)
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            1,884
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             702
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          (1,371)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                          (2,605)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                                6
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                               (1,990)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                         (2,605)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                               6
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                         (1,990)
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                         (2,605)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                               6
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                         (1,990)
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                          (2,605)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                         (1,908)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                           (1,393)
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                          (977)
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                          (2,871)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (724)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                       (1,370)
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                            (2,892)
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                               239
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              189
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                             5,738
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                          9,099
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                  2,269
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              6,619
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                    1.12
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                        1.24
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent                                13.08
quarter
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                   1.25
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                        .87
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         1.14
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                  2.82
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                               4.61
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                               1.25
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              4.22
quarter
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                   -21.47
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                         -20.71
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 62.93
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 59.10
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        57.28
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          60.80
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                         -45.41
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                           2.83
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                   .27
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                  -31.45
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                            -29.71
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                            -30.86
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                     2.09
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                     -28.45
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                               -45.41
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 2.83
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                         .31
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                        -31.43
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                            73.65
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                           56.85
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                             76.36
Float                                                                      6.90
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                         50,831
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                             6.75
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                           7.09
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                          6.42
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                           7.09
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                               6.42
Shares outstanding - current                                               7.10
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                             6.75
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                            7.09
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                            6.42
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            97.19



Descriptive
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                          37,995
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         39,807
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                            70,562
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           70,793
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                          45,431
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         37,139
('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           18,021
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           11,021
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           4,503
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                          13,363
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                           14,211
Inventory - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                               14,894
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                           18,362
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                         24,149
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                             25,131
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                           33,653
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                           1,697
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          1,212
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          7,837
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              8,721
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                             45,431
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                           37,139
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                           5,448
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              14,350
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                           3,352
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                            929
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                            3,456
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                      (13,531)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         (4,647)
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          (19,509)
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                       (1,434)
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                         4
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                      8
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .58
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .86
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                               1.24
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                   1.18
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                             5.91
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 5.21
(annualized)
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    2.07
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        1.65
Debt Service to EPS - most recent quarter                             22,597.50
Interest coverage - most recent fiscal year                               -1.86
Interest coverage - most recent quarter                                    1.28
Interest coverage - trailing 12 month                                     -8.58
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                   2.40
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                       1.71
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                   3.74
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                       3.26
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                            3.34
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                                2.19
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                      1.30
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                          1.03
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                  100.00
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                          7.72
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             20.27
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             10.71
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            25.89
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                         11.99
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                             38.64
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              2.77
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              2.44
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                        -14.31
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                -20.36
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                -14.31
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                    2.33
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            100.65
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                             100.71
EPS Change % - year over year                                         -2,117.52
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                           87.20
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         100.59
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                      100.71
Net Income Change % - year over year                                  -2,130.66
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         35.30
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                          46.04
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          26.78
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                        15,072
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                             4,430
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                         15,860
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                         (18,479)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                             40
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                        (14,044)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                         (18,479)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                        (18,479)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                            45
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                        (14,034)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                         (18,479)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              (12,091)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                       305
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (12,703)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              (8,739)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                           (6,499)
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                    1,234
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (9,247)
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                            150
USD)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           213
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             434
Net Income available to common - most recent                           (18,479)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                                 36
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                           (13,549)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                      (18,479)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                        (18,479)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                        (18,479)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                            7,743
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                            1,550
quarter ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - trailing 12                            7,400
month ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             40,698
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 14,566
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                   44,658
Tax rate - most recent quarter                                            11.11
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                   5
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    10
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                       (18,479)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                       (13,549)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                               (1,990)
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                           (14,044)
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                            -26.49
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                              .24
(annualized)
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                            -36.45
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                              .39
(annualized)
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                           -33.54
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                  .38
(annualized)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               6,404
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               5,787
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             2,540
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             1,717
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                              473
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                               468
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                              28
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                           (2,133)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                           613
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                             (738)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                   605
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                              151
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                       (2,997)
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                          (1,569)
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            1,884
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             702
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          (1,371)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                          (2,605)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                                6
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                               (1,990)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                         (2,605)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                               6
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                         (1,990)
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                         (2,605)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                               6
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                         (1,990)
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                          (2,605)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                         (1,908)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                           (1,393)
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                          (977)
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                          (2,871)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (724)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                       (1,370)
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                            (2,892)
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                               239
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              189
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                             5,738
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                          9,099
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                  2,269
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              6,619
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                    1.12
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                        1.24
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent                                13.08
quarter
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                   1.25
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                        .87
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         1.14
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                  2.82
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                               4.61
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                               1.25
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              4.22
quarter
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                   -21.47
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                         -20.71
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 62.93
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 59.10
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        57.28
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          60.80
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                         -45.41
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                           2.83
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                   .27
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                  -31.45
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                            -29.71
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                            -30.86
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                     2.09
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                     -28.45
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                               -45.41
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 2.83
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                         .31
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                        -31.43
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                            73.65
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                           56.85
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                             76.36
Float                                                                      6.90
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                         50,831
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                             6.75
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                           7.09
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                          6.42
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                           7.09
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                               6.42
Shares outstanding - current                                               7.10
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                             6.75
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                            7.09
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                            6.42
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            97.19



Efficiency Ratios
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                          37,995
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         39,807
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                            70,562
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           70,793
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                          45,431
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         37,139
('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           18,021
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           11,021
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           4,503
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                          13,363
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                           14,211
Inventory - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                               14,894
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                           18,362
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                         24,149
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                             25,131
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                           33,653
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                           1,697
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          1,212
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          7,837
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              8,721
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                             45,431
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                           37,139
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                           5,448
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              14,350
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                           3,352
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                            929
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                            3,456
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                      (13,531)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         (4,647)
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          (19,509)
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                       (1,434)
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                         4
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                      8
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .58
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .86
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                               1.24
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                   1.18
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                             5.91
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 5.21
(annualized)
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    2.07
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        1.65
Debt Service to EPS - most recent quarter                             22,597.50
Interest coverage - most recent fiscal year                               -1.86
Interest coverage - most recent quarter                                    1.28
Interest coverage - trailing 12 month                                     -8.58
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                   2.40
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                       1.71
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                   3.74
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                       3.26
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                            3.34
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                                2.19
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                      1.30
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                          1.03
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                  100.00
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                          7.72
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             20.27
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             10.71
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            25.89
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                         11.99
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                             38.64
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              2.77
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              2.44
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                        -14.31
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                -20.36
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                -14.31
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                    2.33
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            100.65
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                             100.71
EPS Change % - year over year                                         -2,117.52
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                           87.20
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         100.59
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                      100.71
Net Income Change % - year over year                                  -2,130.66
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         35.30
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                          46.04
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          26.78
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                        15,072
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                             4,430
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                         15,860
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                         (18,479)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                             40
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                        (14,044)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                         (18,479)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                        (18,479)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                            45
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                        (14,034)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                         (18,479)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              (12,091)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                       305
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (12,703)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              (8,739)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                           (6,499)
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                    1,234
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (9,247)
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                            150
USD)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           213
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             434
Net Income available to common - most recent                           (18,479)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                                 36
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                           (13,549)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                      (18,479)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                        (18,479)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                        (18,479)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                            7,743
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                            1,550
quarter ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - trailing 12                            7,400
month ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             40,698
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 14,566
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                   44,658
Tax rate - most recent quarter                                            11.11
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                   5
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    10
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                       (18,479)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                       (13,549)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                               (1,990)
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                           (14,044)
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                            -26.49
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                              .24
(annualized)
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                            -36.45
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                              .39
(annualized)
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                           -33.54
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                  .38
(annualized)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               6,404
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               5,787
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             2,540
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             1,717
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                              473
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                               468
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                              28
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                           (2,133)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                           613
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                             (738)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                   605
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                              151
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                       (2,997)
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                          (1,569)
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            1,884
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             702
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          (1,371)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                          (2,605)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                                6
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                               (1,990)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                         (2,605)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                               6
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                         (1,990)
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                         (2,605)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                               6
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                         (1,990)
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                          (2,605)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                         (1,908)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                           (1,393)
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                          (977)
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                          (2,871)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (724)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                       (1,370)
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                            (2,892)
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                               239
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              189
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                             5,738
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                          9,099
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                  2,269
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              6,619
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                    1.12
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                        1.24
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent                                13.08
quarter
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                   1.25
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                        .87
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         1.14
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                  2.82
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                               4.61
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                               1.25
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              4.22
quarter
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                   -21.47
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                         -20.71
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 62.93
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 59.10
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        57.28
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          60.80
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                         -45.41
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                           2.83
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                   .27
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                  -31.45
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                            -29.71
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                            -30.86
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                     2.09
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                     -28.45
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                               -45.41
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 2.83
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                         .31
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                        -31.43
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                            73.65
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                           56.85
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                             76.36
Float                                                                      6.90
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                         50,831
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                             6.75
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                           7.09
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                          6.42
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                           7.09
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                               6.42
Shares outstanding - current                                               7.10
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                             6.75
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                            7.09
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                            6.42
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            97.19



Financial Strength
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                          37,995
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         39,807
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                            70,562
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           70,793
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                          45,431
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         37,139
('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           18,021
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           11,021
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           4,503
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                          13,363
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                           14,211
Inventory - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                               14,894
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                           18,362
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                         24,149
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                             25,131
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                           33,653
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                           1,697
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          1,212
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          7,837
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              8,721
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                             45,431
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                           37,139
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                           5,448
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              14,350
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                           3,352
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                            929
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                            3,456
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                      (13,531)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         (4,647)
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          (19,509)
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                       (1,434)
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                         4
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                      8
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .58
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .86
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                               1.24
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                   1.18
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                             5.91
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 5.21
(annualized)
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    2.07
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        1.65
Debt Service to EPS - most recent quarter                             22,597.50
Interest coverage - most recent fiscal year                               -1.86
Interest coverage - most recent quarter                                    1.28
Interest coverage - trailing 12 month                                     -8.58
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                   2.40
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                       1.71
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                   3.74
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                       3.26
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                            3.34
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                                2.19
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                      1.30
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                          1.03
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                  100.00
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                          7.72
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             20.27
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             10.71
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            25.89
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                         11.99
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                             38.64
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              2.77
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              2.44
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                        -14.31
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                -20.36
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                -14.31
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                    2.33
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            100.65
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                             100.71
EPS Change % - year over year                                         -2,117.52
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                           87.20
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         100.59
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                      100.71
Net Income Change % - year over year                                  -2,130.66
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         35.30
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                          46.04
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          26.78
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                        15,072
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                             4,430
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                         15,860
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                         (18,479)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                             40
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                        (14,044)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                         (18,479)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                        (18,479)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                            45
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                        (14,034)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                         (18,479)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              (12,091)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                       305
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (12,703)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              (8,739)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                           (6,499)
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                    1,234
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (9,247)
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                            150
USD)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           213
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             434
Net Income available to common - most recent                           (18,479)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                                 36
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                           (13,549)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                      (18,479)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                        (18,479)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                        (18,479)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                            7,743
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                            1,550
quarter ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - trailing 12                            7,400
month ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             40,698
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 14,566
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                   44,658
Tax rate - most recent quarter                                            11.11
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                   5
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    10
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                       (18,479)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                       (13,549)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                               (1,990)
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                           (14,044)
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                            -26.49
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                              .24
(annualized)
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                            -36.45
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                              .39
(annualized)
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                           -33.54
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                  .38
(annualized)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               6,404
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               5,787
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             2,540
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             1,717
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                              473
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                               468
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                              28
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                           (2,133)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                           613
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                             (738)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                   605
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                              151
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                       (2,997)
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                          (1,569)
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            1,884
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             702
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          (1,371)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                          (2,605)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                                6
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                               (1,990)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                         (2,605)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                               6
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                         (1,990)
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                         (2,605)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                               6
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                         (1,990)
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                          (2,605)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                         (1,908)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                           (1,393)
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                          (977)
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                          (2,871)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (724)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                       (1,370)
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                            (2,892)
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                               239
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              189
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                             5,738
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                          9,099
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                  2,269
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              6,619
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                    1.12
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                        1.24
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent                                13.08
quarter
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                   1.25
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                        .87
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         1.14
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                  2.82
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                               4.61
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                               1.25
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              4.22
quarter
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                   -21.47
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                         -20.71
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 62.93
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 59.10
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        57.28
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          60.80
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                         -45.41
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                           2.83
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                   .27
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                  -31.45
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                            -29.71
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                            -30.86
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                     2.09
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                     -28.45
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                               -45.41
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 2.83
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                         .31
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                        -31.43
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                            73.65
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                           56.85
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                             76.36
Float                                                                      6.90
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                         50,831
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                             6.75
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                           7.09
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                          6.42
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                           7.09
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                               6.42
Shares outstanding - current                                               7.10
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                             6.75
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                            7.09
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                            6.42
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            97.19



Growth Rates
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                          37,995
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         39,807
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                            70,562
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           70,793
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                          45,431
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         37,139
('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           18,021
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           11,021
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           4,503
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                          13,363
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                           14,211
Inventory - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                               14,894
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                           18,362
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                         24,149
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                             25,131
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                           33,653
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                           1,697
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          1,212
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          7,837
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              8,721
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                             45,431
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                           37,139
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                           5,448
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              14,350
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                           3,352
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                            929
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                            3,456
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                      (13,531)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         (4,647)
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          (19,509)
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                       (1,434)
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                         4
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                      8
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .58
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .86
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                               1.24
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                   1.18
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                             5.91
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 5.21
(annualized)
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    2.07
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        1.65
Debt Service to EPS - most recent quarter                             22,597.50
Interest coverage - most recent fiscal year                               -1.86
Interest coverage - most recent quarter                                    1.28
Interest coverage - trailing 12 month                                     -8.58
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                   2.40
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                       1.71
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                   3.74
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                       3.26
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                            3.34
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                                2.19
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                      1.30
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                          1.03
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                  100.00
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                          7.72
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             20.27
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             10.71
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            25.89
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                         11.99
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                             38.64
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              2.77
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              2.44
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                        -14.31
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                -20.36
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                -14.31
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                    2.33
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            100.65
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                             100.71
EPS Change % - year over year                                         -2,117.52
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                           87.20
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         100.59
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                      100.71
Net Income Change % - year over year                                  -2,130.66
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         35.30
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                          46.04
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          26.78
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                        15,072
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                             4,430
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                         15,860
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                         (18,479)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                             40
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                        (14,044)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                         (18,479)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                        (18,479)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                            45
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                        (14,034)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                         (18,479)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              (12,091)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                       305
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (12,703)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              (8,739)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                           (6,499)
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                    1,234
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (9,247)
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                            150
USD)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           213
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             434
Net Income available to common - most recent                           (18,479)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                                 36
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                           (13,549)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                      (18,479)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                        (18,479)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                        (18,479)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                            7,743
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                            1,550
quarter ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - trailing 12                            7,400
month ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             40,698
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 14,566
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                   44,658
Tax rate - most recent quarter                                            11.11
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                   5
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    10
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                       (18,479)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                       (13,549)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                               (1,990)
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                           (14,044)
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                            -26.49
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                              .24
(annualized)
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                            -36.45
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                              .39
(annualized)
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                           -33.54
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                  .38
(annualized)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               6,404
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               5,787
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             2,540
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             1,717
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                              473
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                               468
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                              28
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                           (2,133)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                           613
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                             (738)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                   605
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                              151
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                       (2,997)
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                          (1,569)
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            1,884
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             702
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          (1,371)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                          (2,605)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                                6
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                               (1,990)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                         (2,605)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                               6
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                         (1,990)
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                         (2,605)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                               6
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                         (1,990)
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                          (2,605)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                         (1,908)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                           (1,393)
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                          (977)
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                          (2,871)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (724)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                       (1,370)
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                            (2,892)
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                               239
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              189
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                             5,738
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                          9,099
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                  2,269
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              6,619
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                    1.12
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                        1.24
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent                                13.08
quarter
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                   1.25
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                        .87
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         1.14
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                  2.82
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                               4.61
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                               1.25
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              4.22
quarter
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                   -21.47
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                         -20.71
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 62.93
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 59.10
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        57.28
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          60.80
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                         -45.41
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                           2.83
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                   .27
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                  -31.45
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                            -29.71
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                            -30.86
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                     2.09
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                     -28.45
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                               -45.41
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 2.83
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                         .31
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                        -31.43
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                            73.65
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                           56.85
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                             76.36
Float                                                                      6.90
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                         50,831
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                             6.75
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                           7.09
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                          6.42
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                           7.09
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                               6.42
Shares outstanding - current                                               7.10
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                             6.75
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                            7.09
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                            6.42
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            97.19



Income Statement
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                          37,995
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         39,807
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                            70,562
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           70,793
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                          45,431
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         37,139
('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           18,021
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           11,021
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           4,503
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                          13,363
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                           14,211
Inventory - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                               14,894
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                           18,362
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                         24,149
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                             25,131
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                           33,653
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                           1,697
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          1,212
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          7,837
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              8,721
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                             45,431
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                           37,139
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                           5,448
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              14,350
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                           3,352
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                            929
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                            3,456
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                      (13,531)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         (4,647)
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          (19,509)
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                       (1,434)
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                         4
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                      8
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .58
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .86
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                               1.24
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                   1.18
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                             5.91
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 5.21
(annualized)
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    2.07
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        1.65
Debt Service to EPS - most recent quarter                             22,597.50
Interest coverage - most recent fiscal year                               -1.86
Interest coverage - most recent quarter                                    1.28
Interest coverage - trailing 12 month                                     -8.58
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                   2.40
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                       1.71
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                   3.74
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                       3.26
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                            3.34
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                                2.19
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                      1.30
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                          1.03
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                  100.00
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                          7.72
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             20.27
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             10.71
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            25.89
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                         11.99
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                             38.64
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              2.77
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              2.44
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                        -14.31
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                -20.36
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                -14.31
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                    2.33
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            100.65
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                             100.71
EPS Change % - year over year                                         -2,117.52
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                           87.20
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         100.59
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                      100.71
Net Income Change % - year over year                                  -2,130.66
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         35.30
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                          46.04
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          26.78
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                        15,072
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                             4,430
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                         15,860
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                         (18,479)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                             40
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                        (14,044)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                         (18,479)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                        (18,479)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                            45
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                        (14,034)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                         (18,479)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              (12,091)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                       305
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (12,703)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              (8,739)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                           (6,499)
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                    1,234
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (9,247)
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                            150
USD)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           213
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             434
Net Income available to common - most recent                           (18,479)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                                 36
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                           (13,549)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                      (18,479)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                        (18,479)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                        (18,479)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                            7,743
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                            1,550
quarter ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - trailing 12                            7,400
month ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             40,698
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 14,566
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                   44,658
Tax rate - most recent quarter                                            11.11
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                   5
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    10
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                       (18,479)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                       (13,549)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                               (1,990)
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                           (14,044)
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                            -26.49
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                              .24
(annualized)
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                            -36.45
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                              .39
(annualized)
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                           -33.54
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                  .38
(annualized)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               6,404
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               5,787
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             2,540
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             1,717
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                              473
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                               468
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                              28
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                           (2,133)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                           613
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                             (738)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                   605
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                              151
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                       (2,997)
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                          (1,569)
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            1,884
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             702
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          (1,371)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                          (2,605)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                                6
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                               (1,990)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                         (2,605)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                               6
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                         (1,990)
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                         (2,605)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                               6
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                         (1,990)
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                          (2,605)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                         (1,908)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                           (1,393)
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                          (977)
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                          (2,871)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (724)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                       (1,370)
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                            (2,892)
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                               239
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              189
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                             5,738
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                          9,099
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                  2,269
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              6,619
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                    1.12
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                        1.24
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent                                13.08
quarter
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                   1.25
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                        .87
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         1.14
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                  2.82
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                               4.61
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                               1.25
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              4.22
quarter
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                   -21.47
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                         -20.71
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 62.93
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 59.10
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        57.28
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          60.80
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                         -45.41
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                           2.83
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                   .27
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                  -31.45
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                            -29.71
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                            -30.86
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                     2.09
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                     -28.45
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                               -45.41
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 2.83
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                         .31
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                        -31.43
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                            73.65
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                           56.85
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                             76.36
Float                                                                      6.90
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                         50,831
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                             6.75
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                           7.09
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                          6.42
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                           7.09
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                               6.42
Shares outstanding - current                                               7.10
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                             6.75
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                            7.09
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                            6.42
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            97.19



Management Effectiveness
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                          37,995
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         39,807
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                            70,562
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           70,793
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                          45,431
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         37,139
('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           18,021
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           11,021
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           4,503
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                          13,363
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                           14,211
Inventory - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                               14,894
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                           18,362
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                         24,149
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                             25,131
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                           33,653
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                           1,697
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          1,212
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          7,837
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              8,721
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                             45,431
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                           37,139
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                           5,448
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              14,350
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                           3,352
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                            929
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                            3,456
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                      (13,531)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         (4,647)
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          (19,509)
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                       (1,434)
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                         4
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                      8
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .58
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .86
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                               1.24
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                   1.18
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                             5.91
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 5.21
(annualized)
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    2.07
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        1.65
Debt Service to EPS - most recent quarter                             22,597.50
Interest coverage - most recent fiscal year                               -1.86
Interest coverage - most recent quarter                                    1.28
Interest coverage - trailing 12 month                                     -8.58
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                   2.40
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                       1.71
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                   3.74
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                       3.26
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                            3.34
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                                2.19
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                      1.30
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                          1.03
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                  100.00
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                          7.72
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             20.27
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             10.71
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            25.89
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                         11.99
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                             38.64
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              2.77
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              2.44
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                        -14.31
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                -20.36
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                -14.31
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                    2.33
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            100.65
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                             100.71
EPS Change % - year over year                                         -2,117.52
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                           87.20
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         100.59
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                      100.71
Net Income Change % - year over year                                  -2,130.66
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         35.30
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                          46.04
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          26.78
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                        15,072
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                             4,430
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                         15,860
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                         (18,479)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                             40
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                        (14,044)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                         (18,479)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                        (18,479)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                            45
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                        (14,034)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                         (18,479)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              (12,091)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                       305
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (12,703)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              (8,739)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                           (6,499)
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                    1,234
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (9,247)
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                            150
USD)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           213
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             434
Net Income available to common - most recent                           (18,479)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                                 36
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                           (13,549)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                      (18,479)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                        (18,479)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                        (18,479)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                            7,743
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                            1,550
quarter ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - trailing 12                            7,400
month ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             40,698
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 14,566
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                   44,658
Tax rate - most recent quarter                                            11.11
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                   5
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    10
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                       (18,479)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                       (13,549)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                               (1,990)
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                           (14,044)
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                            -26.49
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                              .24
(annualized)
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                            -36.45
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                              .39
(annualized)
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                           -33.54
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                  .38
(annualized)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               6,404
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               5,787
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             2,540
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             1,717
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                              473
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                               468
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                              28
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                           (2,133)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                           613
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                             (738)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                   605
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                              151
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                       (2,997)
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                          (1,569)
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            1,884
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             702
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          (1,371)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                          (2,605)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                                6
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                               (1,990)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                         (2,605)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                               6
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                         (1,990)
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                         (2,605)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                               6
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                         (1,990)
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                          (2,605)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                         (1,908)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                           (1,393)
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                          (977)
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                          (2,871)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (724)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                       (1,370)
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                            (2,892)
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                               239
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              189
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                             5,738
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                          9,099
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                  2,269
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              6,619
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                    1.12
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                        1.24
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent                                13.08
quarter
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                   1.25
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                        .87
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         1.14
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                  2.82
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                               4.61
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                               1.25
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              4.22
quarter
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                   -21.47
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                         -20.71
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 62.93
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 59.10
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        57.28
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          60.80
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                         -45.41
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                           2.83
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                   .27
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                  -31.45
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                            -29.71
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                            -30.86
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                     2.09
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                     -28.45
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                               -45.41
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 2.83
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                         .31
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                        -31.43
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                            73.65
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                           56.85
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                             76.36
Float                                                                      6.90
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                         50,831
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                             6.75
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                           7.09
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                          6.42
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                           7.09
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                               6.42
Shares outstanding - current                                               7.10
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                             6.75
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                            7.09
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                            6.42
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            97.19



Per Share Ratios
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                          37,995
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         39,807
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                            70,562
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           70,793
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                          45,431
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         37,139
('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           18,021
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           11,021
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           4,503
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                          13,363
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                           14,211
Inventory - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                               14,894
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                           18,362
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                         24,149
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                             25,131
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                           33,653
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                           1,697
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          1,212
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          7,837
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              8,721
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                             45,431
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                           37,139
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                           5,448
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              14,350
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                           3,352
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                            929
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                            3,456
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                      (13,531)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         (4,647)
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          (19,509)
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                       (1,434)
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                         4
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                      8
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .58
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .86
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                               1.24
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                   1.18
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                             5.91
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 5.21
(annualized)
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    2.07
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        1.65
Debt Service to EPS - most recent quarter                             22,597.50
Interest coverage - most recent fiscal year                               -1.86
Interest coverage - most recent quarter                                    1.28
Interest coverage - trailing 12 month                                     -8.58
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                   2.40
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                       1.71
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                   3.74
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                       3.26
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                            3.34
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                                2.19
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                      1.30
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                          1.03
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                  100.00
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                          7.72
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             20.27
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             10.71
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            25.89
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                         11.99
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                             38.64
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              2.77
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              2.44
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                        -14.31
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                -20.36
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                -14.31
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                    2.33
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            100.65
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                             100.71
EPS Change % - year over year                                         -2,117.52
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                           87.20
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         100.59
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                      100.71
Net Income Change % - year over year                                  -2,130.66
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         35.30
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                          46.04
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          26.78
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                        15,072
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                             4,430
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                         15,860
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                         (18,479)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                             40
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                        (14,044)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                         (18,479)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                        (18,479)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                            45
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                        (14,034)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                         (18,479)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              (12,091)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                       305
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (12,703)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              (8,739)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                           (6,499)
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                    1,234
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (9,247)
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                            150
USD)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           213
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             434
Net Income available to common - most recent                           (18,479)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                                 36
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                           (13,549)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                      (18,479)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                        (18,479)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                        (18,479)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                            7,743
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                            1,550
quarter ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - trailing 12                            7,400
month ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             40,698
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 14,566
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                   44,658
Tax rate - most recent quarter                                            11.11
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                   5
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    10
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                       (18,479)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                       (13,549)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                               (1,990)
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                           (14,044)
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                            -26.49
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                              .24
(annualized)
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                            -36.45
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                              .39
(annualized)
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                           -33.54
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                  .38
(annualized)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               6,404
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               5,787
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             2,540
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             1,717
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                              473
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                               468
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                              28
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                           (2,133)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                           613
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                             (738)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                   605
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                              151
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                       (2,997)
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                          (1,569)
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            1,884
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             702
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          (1,371)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                          (2,605)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                                6
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                               (1,990)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                         (2,605)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                               6
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                         (1,990)
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                         (2,605)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                               6
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                         (1,990)
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                          (2,605)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                         (1,908)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                           (1,393)
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                          (977)
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                          (2,871)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (724)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                       (1,370)
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                            (2,892)
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                               239
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              189
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                             5,738
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                          9,099
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                  2,269
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              6,619
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                    1.12
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                        1.24
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent                                13.08
quarter
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                   1.25
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                        .87
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         1.14
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                  2.82
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                               4.61
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                               1.25
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              4.22
quarter
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                   -21.47
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                         -20.71
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 62.93
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 59.10
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        57.28
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          60.80
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                         -45.41
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                           2.83
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                   .27
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                  -31.45
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                            -29.71
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                            -30.86
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                     2.09
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                     -28.45
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                               -45.41
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 2.83
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                         .31
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                        -31.43
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                            73.65
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                           56.85
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                             76.36
Float                                                                      6.90
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                         50,831
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                             6.75
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                           7.09
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                          6.42
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                           7.09
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                               6.42
Shares outstanding - current                                               7.10
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                             6.75
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                            7.09
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                            6.42
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            97.19



Price Related
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                          37,995
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         39,807
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                            70,562
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           70,793
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                          45,431
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         37,139
('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           18,021
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           11,021
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           4,503
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                          13,363
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                           14,211
Inventory - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                               14,894
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                           18,362
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                         24,149
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                             25,131
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                           33,653
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                           1,697
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          1,212
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          7,837
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              8,721
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                             45,431
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                           37,139
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                           5,448
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              14,350
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                           3,352
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                            929
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                            3,456
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                      (13,531)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         (4,647)
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          (19,509)
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                       (1,434)
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                         4
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                      8
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .58
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .86
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                               1.24
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                   1.18
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                             5.91
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 5.21
(annualized)
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    2.07
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        1.65
Debt Service to EPS - most recent quarter                             22,597.50
Interest coverage - most recent fiscal year                               -1.86
Interest coverage - most recent quarter                                    1.28
Interest coverage - trailing 12 month                                     -8.58
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                   2.40
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                       1.71
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                   3.74
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                       3.26
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                            3.34
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                                2.19
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                      1.30
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                          1.03
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                  100.00
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                          7.72
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             20.27
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             10.71
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            25.89
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                         11.99
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                             38.64
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              2.77
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              2.44
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                        -14.31
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                -20.36
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                -14.31
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                    2.33
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            100.65
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                             100.71
EPS Change % - year over year                                         -2,117.52
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                           87.20
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         100.59
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                      100.71
Net Income Change % - year over year                                  -2,130.66
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         35.30
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                          46.04
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          26.78
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                        15,072
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                             4,430
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                         15,860
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                         (18,479)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                             40
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                        (14,044)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                         (18,479)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                        (18,479)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                            45
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                        (14,034)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                         (18,479)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              (12,091)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                       305
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (12,703)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              (8,739)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                           (6,499)
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                    1,234
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (9,247)
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                            150
USD)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           213
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             434
Net Income available to common - most recent                           (18,479)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                                 36
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                           (13,549)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                      (18,479)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                        (18,479)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                        (18,479)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                            7,743
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                            1,550
quarter ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - trailing 12                            7,400
month ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             40,698
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 14,566
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                   44,658
Tax rate - most recent quarter                                            11.11
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                   5
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    10
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                       (18,479)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                       (13,549)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                               (1,990)
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                           (14,044)
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                            -26.49
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                              .24
(annualized)
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                            -36.45
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                              .39
(annualized)
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                           -33.54
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                  .38
(annualized)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               6,404
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               5,787
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             2,540
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             1,717
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                              473
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                               468
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                              28
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                           (2,133)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                           613
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                             (738)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                   605
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                              151
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                       (2,997)
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                          (1,569)
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            1,884
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             702
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          (1,371)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                          (2,605)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                                6
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                               (1,990)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                         (2,605)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                               6
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                         (1,990)
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                         (2,605)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                               6
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                         (1,990)
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                          (2,605)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                         (1,908)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                           (1,393)
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                          (977)
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                          (2,871)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (724)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                       (1,370)
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                            (2,892)
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                               239
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              189
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                             5,738
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                          9,099
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                  2,269
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              6,619
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                    1.12
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                        1.24
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent                                13.08
quarter
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                   1.25
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                        .87
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         1.14
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                  2.82
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                               4.61
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                               1.25
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              4.22
quarter
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                   -21.47
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                         -20.71
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 62.93
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 59.10
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        57.28
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          60.80
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                         -45.41
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                           2.83
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                   .27
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                  -31.45
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                            -29.71
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                            -30.86
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                     2.09
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                     -28.45
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                               -45.41
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 2.83
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                         .31
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                        -31.43
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                            73.65
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                           56.85
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                             76.36
Float                                                                      6.90
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                         50,831
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                             6.75
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                           7.09
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                          6.42
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                           7.09
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                               6.42
Shares outstanding - current                                               7.10
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                             6.75
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                            7.09
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                            6.42
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            97.19



Profitability Ratios
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                          37,995
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         39,807
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                            70,562
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           70,793
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                          45,431
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         37,139
('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           18,021
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           11,021
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           4,503
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                          13,363
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                           14,211
Inventory - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                               14,894
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                           18,362
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                         24,149
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                             25,131
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                           33,653
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                           1,697
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          1,212
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          7,837
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              8,721
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                             45,431
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                           37,139
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                           5,448
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              14,350
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                           3,352
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                            929
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                            3,456
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                      (13,531)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         (4,647)
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          (19,509)
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                       (1,434)
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                         4
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                      8
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .58
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .86
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                               1.24
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                   1.18
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                             5.91
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 5.21
(annualized)
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    2.07
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        1.65
Debt Service to EPS - most recent quarter                             22,597.50
Interest coverage - most recent fiscal year                               -1.86
Interest coverage - most recent quarter                                    1.28
Interest coverage - trailing 12 month                                     -8.58
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                   2.40
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                       1.71
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                   3.74
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                       3.26
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                            3.34
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                                2.19
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                      1.30
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                          1.03
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                  100.00
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                          7.72
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             20.27
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             10.71
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            25.89
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                         11.99
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                             38.64
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              2.77
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              2.44
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                        -14.31
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                -20.36
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                -14.31
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                    2.33
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            100.65
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                             100.71
EPS Change % - year over year                                         -2,117.52
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                           87.20
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         100.59
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                      100.71
Net Income Change % - year over year                                  -2,130.66
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         35.30
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                          46.04
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          26.78
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                        15,072
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                             4,430
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                         15,860
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                         (18,479)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                             40
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                        (14,044)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                         (18,479)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                        (18,479)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                            45
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                        (14,034)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                         (18,479)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              (12,091)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                       305
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (12,703)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              (8,739)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                           (6,499)
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                    1,234
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (9,247)
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                            150
USD)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           213
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             434
Net Income available to common - most recent                           (18,479)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                                 36
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                           (13,549)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                      (18,479)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                        (18,479)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                        (18,479)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                            7,743
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                            1,550
quarter ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - trailing 12                            7,400
month ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             40,698
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 14,566
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                   44,658
Tax rate - most recent quarter                                            11.11
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                   5
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    10
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                       (18,479)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                       (13,549)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                               (1,990)
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                           (14,044)
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                            -26.49
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                              .24
(annualized)
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                            -36.45
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                              .39
(annualized)
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                           -33.54
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                  .38
(annualized)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               6,404
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               5,787
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             2,540
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             1,717
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                              473
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                               468
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                              28
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                           (2,133)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                           613
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                             (738)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                   605
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                              151
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                       (2,997)
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                          (1,569)
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            1,884
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             702
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          (1,371)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                          (2,605)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                                6
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                               (1,990)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                         (2,605)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                               6
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                         (1,990)
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                         (2,605)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                               6
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                         (1,990)
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                          (2,605)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                         (1,908)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                           (1,393)
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                          (977)
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                          (2,871)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (724)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                       (1,370)
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                            (2,892)
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                               239
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              189
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                             5,738
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                          9,099
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                  2,269
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              6,619
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                    1.12
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                        1.24
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent                                13.08
quarter
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                   1.25
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                        .87
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         1.14
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                  2.82
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                               4.61
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                               1.25
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              4.22
quarter
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                   -21.47
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                         -20.71
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 62.93
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 59.10
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        57.28
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          60.80
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                         -45.41
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                           2.83
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                   .27
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                  -31.45
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                            -29.71
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                            -30.86
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                     2.09
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                     -28.45
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                               -45.41
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 2.83
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                         .31
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                        -31.43
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                            73.65
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                           56.85
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                             76.36
Float                                                                      6.90
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                         50,831
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                             6.75
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                           7.09
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                          6.42
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                           7.09
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                               6.42
Shares outstanding - current                                               7.10
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                             6.75
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                            7.09
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                            6.42
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            97.19



Share Related Items
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                          37,995
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         39,807
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                            70,562
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           70,793
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                          45,431
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         37,139
('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           18,021
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           11,021
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           4,503
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                          13,363
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                           14,211
Inventory - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                               14,894
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                           18,362
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                         24,149
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                             25,131
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                           33,653
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                           1,697
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          1,212
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          7,837
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              8,721
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                             45,431
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                           37,139
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                           5,448
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              14,350
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                           3,352
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                            929
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                            3,456
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                      (13,531)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         (4,647)
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          (19,509)
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                       (1,434)
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                         4
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                      8
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .58
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .86
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                               1.24
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                   1.18
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                             5.91
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 5.21
(annualized)
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    2.07
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        1.65
Debt Service to EPS - most recent quarter                             22,597.50
Interest coverage - most recent fiscal year                               -1.86
Interest coverage - most recent quarter                                    1.28
Interest coverage - trailing 12 month                                     -8.58
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                   2.40
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                       1.71
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                   3.74
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                       3.26
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                            3.34
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                                2.19
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                      1.30
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                          1.03
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                  100.00
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                          7.72
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             20.27
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             10.71
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            25.89
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                         11.99
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                             38.64
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              2.77
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              2.44
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                        -14.31
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                -20.36
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                -14.31
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                    2.33
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            100.65
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                             100.71
EPS Change % - year over year                                         -2,117.52
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                           87.20
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         100.59
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                      100.71
Net Income Change % - year over year                                  -2,130.66
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         35.30
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                          46.04
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          26.78
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                        15,072
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                             4,430
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                         15,860
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                         (18,479)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                             40
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                        (14,044)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                         (18,479)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                        (18,479)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                            45
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                        (14,034)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                         (18,479)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              (12,091)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                       305
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (12,703)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              (8,739)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                           (6,499)
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                    1,234
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (9,247)
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                            150
USD)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           213
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             434
Net Income available to common - most recent                           (18,479)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                                 36
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                           (13,549)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                      (18,479)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                        (18,479)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                        (18,479)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                            7,743
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                            1,550
quarter ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - trailing 12                            7,400
month ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             40,698
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 14,566
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                   44,658
Tax rate - most recent quarter                                            11.11
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                   5
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    10
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                       (18,479)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                       (13,549)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                               (1,990)
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                           (14,044)
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                            -26.49
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                              .24
(annualized)
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                            -36.45
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                              .39
(annualized)
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                           -33.54
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                  .38
(annualized)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               6,404
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               5,787
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             2,540
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             1,717
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                              473
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                               468
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                              28
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                           (2,133)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                           613
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                             (738)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                   605
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                              151
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                       (2,997)
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                          (1,569)
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            1,884
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             702
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          (1,371)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                          (2,605)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                                6
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                               (1,990)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                         (2,605)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                               6
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                         (1,990)
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                         (2,605)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                               6
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                         (1,990)
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                          (2,605)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                         (1,908)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                           (1,393)
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                          (977)
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                          (2,871)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (724)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                       (1,370)
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                            (2,892)
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                               239
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              189
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                             5,738
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                          9,099
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                  2,269
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              6,619
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                    1.12
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                        1.24
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent                                13.08
quarter
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                   1.25
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                        .87
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         1.14
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                  2.82
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                               4.61
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                               1.25
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              4.22
quarter
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                   -21.47
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                         -20.71
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 62.93
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 59.10
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        57.28
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          60.80
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                         -45.41
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                           2.83
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                   .27
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                  -31.45
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                            -29.71
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                            -30.86
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                     2.09
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                     -28.45
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                               -45.41
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 2.83
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                         .31
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                        -31.43
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                            73.65
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                           56.85
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                             76.36
Float                                                                      6.90
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                         50,831
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                             6.75
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                           7.09
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                          6.42
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                           7.09
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                               6.42
Shares outstanding - current                                               7.10
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                             6.75
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                            7.09
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                            6.42
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            97.19

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
SECURITY TYPE: Ordinary Shares
EXCHANGE: NASDAQ
TOTAL SHARES OUTSTANDING: 7,099,343
LISTING TYPE:  Ordinary Shares

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: Ernst & Young LLP

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2017


                              99 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Finance & Commerce (Minneapolis, MN)

                             May 16, 2012 Wednesday

Eden Prairie-based Hemosphere acquired for $17 million

BYLINE: Chris Newmarker

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 280  words


Atlanta-based CryoLife is spending $17 million in cash to acquire Hemosphere, an
Eden Prairie-based medical device company that develops and markets a
proprietary graft that's surgically inserted to aid in dialysis treatments for
kidney disease patients, reducing the risk of infections.

Another $4.5 million in milestone-based payments are possible in the deal, which
CryoLife announced Tuesday.

Hemosphere's HeRO Graft received initial U.S. Food and Drug Administration
510(k) clearance in 2008 and European regulatory approval in 2011. Since its
U.S. commercial launch, more than 5,000 grafts have been implanted. Sales were
$5.3 million last year.

Investors in Hemosphere over the years include Oakland, Calif .-based Kaiser
Permanente Ventures, Cleveland-based Mutual Capital Partners, Minneapolis-based
Affinity Capital Management, Wilson, Wyo.-based Sapient Capital, Boston-based
Cutlass Capital, and St. Louis-based Ascension Health Ventures.

CryoLife expects the acquisition to close in May, pending customary closing
conditions. CryoLife expects revenues $2.5 million and $3.5 million this year
for the Hemosphere product line.

"We estimate the market opportunity for the HeRO Graft in the United States is
approximately $150 million and growing annually with another $100 million market
opportunity internationally," Steven G. Anderson, president and chief executive
officer of CryoLife, said in a conference call with analysts that accompanied
the acquisition announcement.

Hemosphere presently has 20 employees, eight of them sales representatives.
CryoLife plans to launch HeRO Graft through its own sales force this fall.
CryoLife also plans to move HeRO Graft manufacturing.

LOAD-DATE: May 23, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Mergers and acquisitions

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             100 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Medical Device Daily

                            March 29, 2007 Thursday

Product Briefs

LENGTH: 1023 words


Product Briefs   oLinkMed (Stockholm, Sweden) said that its portfolio company
AbSorber AB, launched its first product, XM-One at the end of 2006. AbSorber's
next product -- an ABO diagnostic test -- is expected to launch in 2008.
AbSorber's new test measures the concentration of blood group A and B
antibodies. The product is based on beads (magnetic nanoparticles) carrying
synthetic blood group A and B antigens. By adding patient sera to the beads, the
presence of blood group antibodies can be measured by flow cytometry. The test
would provide doctors with a more reliable basis for decision-making, thereby
facilitating greater transplantation success, according to the company. LinkMed
develops new life science companies.

oAspect Medical Systems (Newton, Massachusetts) reported initiation of two
studies being conducted with the Cleveland Clinic (Cleveland, Ohio) to
investigate the impact of anesthetic management techniques on patient outcomes.
The first study seeks to determine if avoidance of deep anesthesia,
administration of steroids and control of blood sugar levels improves outcomes
in patients undergoing major vascular surgery. The second study will test the
hypothesis that avoiding deep general anesthesia reduces cancer recurrence rates
in women undergoing surgery for breast cancer. Both studies will use the
company's BIS monitoring system to assess depth of anesthesia. Using a sensor
placed on the patient's forehead, BIS monitoring translates information from the
electroencephalogram into a single number that represents each patient's level
of consciousness. The BIS value ranges from 100 (indicating an awake patient) to
zero (indicating absence of brain activity).

o Cardica (Redwood City, California) reported completing enrollment of about 220
patients in a pivotal clinical trial in U.S. and Europe to evaluate
safety/efficacy of its PAS-Port Proximal Anastomosis System during coronary
artery bypass graft (CABG) surgery. The PAS-Port system, commercially available
in Japan and Europe, creates a secure connection, or anastomosis, between a vein
graft and the aorta, the main artery in the human body, during bypass
procedures, Cardica said. The trial is being conducted in the U.S. under an
Investigational Device Exemption. Two venous bypass grafts were randomly
selected in each patient to be connected to the aorta using either the PAS-Port
device or the conventional hand-sewn technique. Patients will receive a
follow-up angiogram nine months after their procedure to determine patency
(degree of openness of the vein graft) of both PAS-Port and control grafts. If
the results of this trial are favorable, the company plans to submit a 510(k)
application for the PAS-Port system to the FDA in early 2008. The PAS-Port
system is designed to allow the surgeon to load the bypass graft and rapidly
complete the anastomosis, typically in about two minutes, with little or no
injury to the bypass graft vessel or the aorta. Cardica makes automated
anastomosis systems for coronary artery bypass graft (CABG) surgery.

o CryoCath Technologies (Montreal) said it has received FDA approval to expand
its pivotal Investigational Device Exemption STOP AF trial for Arctic Front to
the full cohort of patients in all 20 centers. The trial is designed to
demonstrate Arctic Front's clinical and therapeutic effectiveness in treating
paroxysmal Atrial Fibrillation (AF) when compared to traditional medical
therapy. CryoCath develops cryotherapy products to treat cardiovascular disease.

o Inovio Biomedical (San Diego) reported that the Journal of Virology has
published a scientific paper prepared by Inovio's development partner, Wyeth
(Madison, New Jersey), regarding results from a non-human primate study of an
investigational DNA vaccine against HIV delivered using Inovio Biomedical's
electroporation technology. The paper summarized results of a research project
lead by Michael Egan, PhD, a principle research scientist at Wyeth Vaccine
Research. The scientific paper concluded that in vivo electroporation appears
safe and can dramatically improve the delivery and immunogenicity of a
multi-vector, multi-antigen pDNA vaccine in non-human primates. It also
suggested that the data "have important implications for the design and
development of an efficacious therapeutic vaccine for the treatment of HIV-1
infection." Inovio said it is focused on commercializing its Selective
Electrochemical Tumor Ablation therapy and development of multiple DNA vaccines
using its delivery platform for gene-based treatments.

o Synova Healthcare Group (Media, Pennsylvania) said it plans to officially
re-launch the Today Sponge female contraceptive at the upcoming American College
of Obstetricians and Gynecologists (ACOG; Washington) meeting May 5 - 9 in San
Diego. According to Synova, the Today Sponge was once the most well-known
over-the-counter form of female birth control. It was also the first product to
combine a spermicide and a barrier contraceptive in one product, the company
said. The Today Sponge is an effective, non-hormonal contraceptive that offers
24-hour protection without the potential side effects and long-term commitment
associated with hormonal methods, Synova noted. The female birth control option
is available without a prescription to women (in its previous packaging) through
retailers across the U.S. and Canada. Synova develops healthcare products
related to contraception, vaginal health, menopause management, fertility
planning, obstetrics and personal care.

o Wright Medical Group (Arlington, Tennessee) reported the commercial launch of
its Carolina Jones Fracture System for foot and ankle surgery. The system is the
latest addition to Wright's market-leading line of reconstructive products for
foot and ankle procedures. The Carolina system is the first major product
designed specifically for treatment of Jones fractures of the fifth metatarsal
of the foot, the company said. Jones fractures can be a disabling injury, and
are common in young, athletic patients and geriatric patients. Wright makes
reconstructive joint devices and biologics.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                          Copyright 2007 AHC Media LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             101 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Medical Device Daily

                            April 22, 1999 Thursday

Product Updates

LENGTH: 1019 words

Product Updates

· Cambridge Heart (Bedford, Massachusetts) reported receiving clearance to
market its non-invasive Alternans Test, which identifies patients at risk of
sudden, life-threatening arrhythmias. The Alternans system measures slight
beat-to-beat variations, called T-wave alternans, not visible on
electrocardiograms used in conjunction with ordinary exercise stress tests.
Measured at one-millionth of a volt, these variations are detected during a
typical treadmill or bicycle exercise stress test by high-resolution electrodes
placed on a patient's chest, with patients testing positive being at significant
risk of subsequent sudden cardiac events. The company said the test is the first
noninvasive tool cleared by the FDA able to stratify these patients. The system
includes a cart-mounted computer with proprietary software, integral ECG system,
display, keyboard and output devices that can be configured for both hospital
and office settings.

· Epitope (Beaverton, Oregon), a maker of medical diagnostics products, reported
that its OraSure oral specimen collection device, used in the detection of HIV
infection, has been approved for sale in all 15 countries of the European
Economic Community. Epitope distributors already are selling the device in
England, Ireland and Greece, and the company has just begun shipments in the
other countries of the European Economic Community. Orasure also received
approval to be listed in the U.S. General Services Administration's federal
supply schedule, from which federal agencies are encouraged to buy.

· InterVascular, a subsidiary of Datascope (Montvale, New Jersey), has received
the CE Mark for its InterGard Silver anti-microbial vascular graft, used to
replace diseased arteries, and the company reports it is the first
anti-microbial vascular graft to be commercialized throughout Europe. The
InterGard Silver graft is designed to prevent postoperative infection of the
graft associated with high morbidity, including amputation and high mortality.
The graft uses the broad-spectrum, anti-infective properties of silver, which is
released from the surface of the graft to surrounding tissues following
implantation. The InterGard Silver was launched at the European Vascular
Congress meeting in Marseille, France, in late March and is slated for shipment
this month.

· Life Medical Sciences (LMS; Edison, New Jersey) said it has received allowance
for a U.S. patent for its Clinicel line of silicone gel-filled cushions.
Clinicel, an OTC product for the prevention and management of hypertrophic and
keloid scars, was launched during 2Q98 and is distributed through approximately
6,000 retail pharmacy outlets. The company announced 1998 sales of more than
$1.7 million for the Clinicel line. The patent provides broad coverage for both
the product design features and the method of use of the Clinicel cushions.
Similar patent coverage is being pursued in major international markets,
according to the company.

· The Medex unit of Furon (Laguna Niguel, California) has received FDA clearance
of its 510(k) application to market its syringe pumps for use in the general
anesthesiology market. The Medex Protege 3010 series allows for user-friendly
drug dosing and programmable flow rates to meet multiple needs. The pumps
feature software differentiation and a horizontal, stackable design for simple
drug delivery. J. Michael Hagan, Furon chairman, president and chief executive
officer, said the company is applying for CE marking.

· Medtronic (Minneapolis) reported that the international aquatic safety
consultants Ellis & Associates tested its Physio-Control (Redmond, Washington)
Lifepak 500 automated external defibrillator (AED) and found that lifeguards and
other rescuers can use the devices in wet environments. Jeff Ellis, president
and founder of Ellis & Associates, said the AED "not only met but exceeded our
stringent safety standards." The 500 was tested in both fresh water and
seawater, with a simulated patient set in the middle of a grid of points nine
inches apart. An oscilloscope was used to measure the voltages at various places
in the grid during shock at maximum energy levels. At only a few inches, the
voltages measured posed no danger to the rescuer; at three feet or more, all
measured voltages were insignificant.

· North American Scientific (Chatsworth, Cali fornia) reported that it has
started shipping its new line of Pd-103 brachytherapy sources. "Having already
shipped samples of the PdGold product to physicians, we have received very
positive feedback and several orders from the marketplace. We are excited to
have expanded our brachytherapy product line for this important medical
procedure," said L. Michael Cutrer, North American Scientific's president and
CEO. Prostate brachytherapy is a form of internal, conformal radiation in which
small radioactive sources (called "seeds") are permanently implanted, via
needles, into the prostate gland, and is a clinically proven therapy for the
treatment of early-stage prostate cancer. The company's line of brachytherapy
seed products is marketed exclusively by Mentor (Santa Barbara, California).

· Thermal Medical Imaging, a subsidiary of Computerized Thermal Imaging (Ogden,
Utah), has received approval from the FDA to file a modular premarket approval
application for its Thermal Breast Imaging System. Use of the modular PMA was
recently adopted by the agency in order to facilitate the review and approval
process of new medical devices. TMI is seeking approval for the Thermal Breast
Imaging System as an adjunctive diagnostic test to mammograms and clinical
examination for the detection of breast cancer, and is currently undergoing
multi-center clinical trials to test its efficacy in differentiating benign from
malignant breast abnormalities. The system uses a sophisticated, heat-sensitive
camera to record thermal images of breast tissue, with the image then processed
with a computer algorithm recognizing the heat signatures of benign and
malignant tissue. The test requires no exposure to radiation or breast
compression.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                          Copyright 1999 AHC Media LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             102 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        Progressive Media - Company News

                            February 21, 2014 Friday

Cook Medical launches Biodesign duraplasty graft for dura mater repair

SECTION: DRIED FOOD; Product Launches / Expansions

LENGTH: 380 words



HIGHLIGHT: Cook Medical has introduced Biodesign duraplasty graft, a new
treatment option designed for otolaryngologists (ear, nose and throat
specialists) who repair the dura mater following cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) leaks
at the base of the skull.


Cook Medical has introduced Biodesign duraplasty graft, a new treatment option
designed for otolaryngologists (ear, nose and throat specialists) who repair the
dura mater following cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) leaks at the base of the skull.

The graft is a nonporous, absorbable multi-layer sheet of extracellular collagen
matrix derived from porcine small intestinal submucosa, is easy to manipulate,
and does not swell with hydration or fold onto itself.

The graft is non-pyrogenic and has sufficiently low endotoxin levels to make it
suitable for applications, where it will contact cerebrospinal fluid during
repair of dura mater.

It serves as a scaffold that allows the body to restore itself. Once the graft
is in place, the body begins remodelling the graft and leaves behind patient
tissue that maintains long-term strength and helps prevent CSF leaks.

As Biodesign is non-dermis based and non-cross-linked, the body can remodel it
into strong, well-vascularised tissue.

The graft can be placed with or without sutures and achieve a strong seal, so it
provides a well-balanced treatment option for dura mater repair at the skull
base.

In a letter to the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA), University of Alabama
at Birmingham director of otolaryngology research Dr Bradford A Woodworth said:
"Although not directly measured, I feel it contributes to faster graft placement
and increased operative speed."

It is the latest Biodesign product from Cook Medical's Otolaryngology - Head and
Neck Surgery (OHNS) clinical division.

In January, the Biodesign duraplasty graft has been cleared by the FDA for use
as a dura substitute for the repair of dura mater.

Cook's proprietary Biodesign graft technology has been used since 1998 to treat
more than 750,000 patients worldwide.

Cook Medical global clinical division leader Thomas Cherry said Biodesign's
proven tissue repair technology works in different grafting procedures.

"We're excited to introduce the device to otolaryngologists and expand OHNS's
Biodesign line," Cherry said.

"Because of Biodesign's excellent handling characteristics, physicians can
secure the Biodesign graft during skull-base dura mater reconstruction with or
without suturing."

Image: Biodesign Duraplasty Graft. Photo: courtesy of Cook Medical / Business
Wire.

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2014 Progressive Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             103 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 5, 2013 Tuesday

USPTO Published Patent application of THE CLEVELAND CLINIC FOUNDATION titled as
"REINFORCED TISSUE GRAFT"

LENGTH: 218  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an application no.
20130053961, on February 28, 2013, by THE CLEVELAND CLINIC FOUNDATION, titled as
"REINFORCED TISSUE GRAFT" for the registration of patent.

Inventors:  Derwin; Kathleen A.; (Shaker Heights, OH) ; Iannotti; Joseph P.;
(Strongsville, OH) ; Sahoo; Sambit; (Cleveland, OH)
Assignee:  THE CLEVELAND CLINIC FOUNDATION
Cleveland
OH

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
biocompatible tissue graft is provided. The tissue graft includes an
extracellular matrix patch that has a peripheral surface and at least one fiber
stitched in a reinforcing pattern to mitigate tearing of the graft, improve the
fixation retention of the graft, and/or limit cyclic stretching of the graft and
substantially maintain these properties following partial enzymatic degradation
of the graft while it remodels. The at least one fiber includes at least one
free end that extends beyond the peripheral surface of the extracellular matrix
for securing the patch to a host tissue."

The Patent was filed on October 30, 2012 under application No. 20130053961

For more information please visit: http://www.uspto.gov/. In case of any query
regarding this article or other content needs please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             104 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Medical Device Daily

                              July 22, 2011 Friday

Product Briefs

LENGTH: 848 words


o Artegraft (North Brunswick, New Jersey) reported a three-year prospective,
randomized clinical study published in the June 2011 issue of the Journal of
Vascular Surgery confirms the superiority of Artegraft Bovine Carotid Artery
vascular grafts (BCA) to cuffed ePTFE grafts. The study concluded that the BCA
graft had significantly higher primary and assisted patency rates than the ePTFE
graft, making Artegraft an excellent option for patients on hemodialysis who are
not eligible for native arteriovenous fistulas. The study results concluded that
the overall primary patency rate at one year was 60% for Artegraft and 10% for
ePTFE. A natural collagen vascular graft, Artegraft is processed to enhance
long-term patency and provide a tightly woven, cross-linked conduit that is
flexible and compliant.

o Luminex (Austin, Texas) received FDA clearance for its xTAG Respiratory Viral
Panel FAST (RVP FAST). The company claims this front-line test has the potential
to significantly change the way respiratory viral testing is performed and
complements the company's existing respiratory portfolio. The addition of xTAG
RVP FAST assay to Luminex's RVP growing product portfolio brings additional
testing options to diagnostic laboratories looking for a front line assay
targeting eight essential respiratory pathogens and delivering up to 96 patient
results in a few hours.

o Neogen (Lansing, Michigan) reported the development of a pathogen detection
and identification technology that provides next-day, DNA-specific test results
for seven pathogenic E. coli strains. The technology could be adapted to target
almost any bacterium of concern in almost any food sample type. Neogen's new
NeoSEEK pathogen DNA detection method for E. coli strains is the first food
safety laboratory technology developed through the close collaboration of
Neogen's food safety research group and the company's GeneSeek research team.
The NeoSEEK technology uses mass spectrometry-based multiplexing to develop a
"DNA bar code" for bacteria in a food sample, and then compares those results
with the known genetic makeup of the target E. coli strains to identify and
differentiate the target strains.

o PURE Bioscience (San Diego), creator of the silver dihydrogen citrate (SDC)
antimicrobial, said the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency's (EPA)
registration of a major amendment to the PURE Hard Surface label to add
additional pathogens, including Hepatitis B, Hepatitis C and multiple
Carbapenem-resistant bacteria as well as to reduce virus kill times to as quick
as 30 seconds. PURE claims Hard Surface's viral efficacy exceeds that of even
highly toxic chemicals. The new label cites all viral kill times for PURE Hard
Surface at no more than 60 seconds and most at just 30 seconds. In addition,
PURE Hard Surface now carries 60-second kill claims for Hepatitis B and
Hepatitis C viruses, which, coupled with the existing 30-second HIV claim, meet
OSHA standards for blood-borne pathogen control in hospitals and medical
facilities. PURE Hard Surface completely kills resistant pathogens like MRSA and
Carbapenem-resistant Klebsiella pneumoniae (NDM-1) and also effectively
eliminates dangerous fungi and viruses including HIV, Hepatitis B, Hepatitis C,
Norovirus, Influenza A, Avian Influenza and H1N1 as well as hazardous food
pathogens such as E. coli, Salmonella and Campylobacter.

o Solos Endoscopy's (Boston) MammoView instrument line, designed exclusively for
breast endoscopy, has become crucial to early breast cancer screening as a
method to significantly reduce breast cancer death rates, according to a report
in the journal Radiology. The Solos MammoView Breast Endoscopy System is
designed to distinguish and inspect suspicious pre-cancerous lesions
undetectable by other methods as well as complement existing diagnosis and
treatment options with direct endoscopic observation. The "Swedish Two-County
Trial" was the first study to demonstrate a drop in breast cancer mortality from
solely screening with mammography. Researchers found that there were 30% fewer
deaths caused by breast cancer in an invitation group (received an invitation to
screening), compared to the usual care group (received usual care). For breast
cancer detection, other than clinical and self-examination, women rely almost
exclusively on mammography, which can have limitations. The Solos MammoView
system is currently in use at various teaching hospitals across the U.S.

o Spacelabs Healthcare (Issaquah, Washington) reported the newest addition to
the Xprezzon monitoring line - ICS Xprezz - a mobile application for the iPad.
ICS Xprezz provides the ability for clinicians to view their patients'
comprehensive monitoring information anywhere they have mobile access. Whether
inside the hospital or on the go, clinicians can now have up-to-the-minute views
of any waveform or numeric data captured on the Xprezzon monitor, in the palm of
their hand. With ICS Xprezz clinicians can have the confidence of always being
near their patients, and the freedom to respond quickly from wherever they
happen to be.

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                          Copyright 2011 AHC Media LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             105 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Medical Device Daily

                              July 22, 2011 Friday

Product Briefs

LENGTH: 848 words


o Artegraft (North Brunswick, New Jersey) reported a three-year prospective,
randomized clinical study published in the June 2011 issue of the Journal of
Vascular Surgery confirms the superiority of Artegraft Bovine Carotid Artery
vascular grafts (BCA) to cuffed ePTFE grafts. The study concluded that the BCA
graft had significantly higher primary and assisted patency rates than the ePTFE
graft, making Artegraft an excellent option for patients on hemodialysis who are
not eligible for native arteriovenous fistulas. The study results concluded that
the overall primary patency rate at one year was 60% for Artegraft and 10% for
ePTFE. A natural collagen vascular graft, Artegraft is processed to enhance
long-term patency and provide a tightly woven, cross-linked conduit that is
flexible and compliant.

o Luminex (Austin, Texas) received FDA clearance for its xTAG Respiratory Viral
Panel FAST (RVP FAST). The company claims this front-line test has the potential
to significantly change the way respiratory viral testing is performed and
complements the company's existing respiratory portfolio. The addition of xTAG
RVP FAST assay to Luminex's RVP growing product portfolio brings additional
testing options to diagnostic laboratories looking for a front line assay
targeting eight essential respiratory pathogens and delivering up to 96 patient
results in a few hours.

o Neogen (Lansing, Michigan) reported the development of a pathogen detection
and identification technology that provides next-day, DNA-specific test results
for seven pathogenic E. coli strains. The technology could be adapted to target
almost any bacterium of concern in almost any food sample type. Neogen's new
NeoSEEK pathogen DNA detection method for E. coli strains is the first food
safety laboratory technology developed through the close collaboration of
Neogen's food safety research group and the company's GeneSeek research team.
The NeoSEEK technology uses mass spectrometry-based multiplexing to develop a
"DNA bar code" for bacteria in a food sample, and then compares those results
with the known genetic makeup of the target E. coli strains to identify and
differentiate the target strains.

o PURE Bioscience (San Diego), creator of the silver dihydrogen citrate (SDC)
antimicrobial, said the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency's (EPA)
registration of a major amendment to the PURE Hard Surface label to add
additional pathogens, including Hepatitis B, Hepatitis C and multiple
Carbapenem-resistant bacteria as well as to reduce virus kill times to as quick
as 30 seconds. PURE claims Hard Surface's viral efficacy exceeds that of even
highly toxic chemicals. The new label cites all viral kill times for PURE Hard
Surface at no more than 60 seconds and most at just 30 seconds. In addition,
PURE Hard Surface now carries 60-second kill claims for Hepatitis B and
Hepatitis C viruses, which, coupled with the existing 30-second HIV claim, meet
OSHA standards for blood-borne pathogen control in hospitals and medical
facilities. PURE Hard Surface completely kills resistant pathogens like MRSA and
Carbapenem-resistant Klebsiella pneumoniae (NDM-1) and also effectively
eliminates dangerous fungi and viruses including HIV, Hepatitis B, Hepatitis C,
Norovirus, Influenza A, Avian Influenza and H1N1 as well as hazardous food
pathogens such as E. coli, Salmonella and Campylobacter.

o Solos Endoscopy's (Boston) MammoView instrument line, designed exclusively for
breast endoscopy, has become crucial to early breast cancer screening as a
method to significantly reduce breast cancer death rates, according to a report
in the journal Radiology. The Solos MammoView Breast Endoscopy System is
designed to distinguish and inspect suspicious pre-cancerous lesions
undetectable by other methods as well as complement existing diagnosis and
treatment options with direct endoscopic observation. The "Swedish Two-County
Trial" was the first study to demonstrate a drop in breast cancer mortality from
solely screening with mammography. Researchers found that there were 30% fewer
deaths caused by breast cancer in an invitation group (received an invitation to
screening), compared to the usual care group (received usual care). For breast
cancer detection, other than clinical and self-examination, women rely almost
exclusively on mammography, which can have limitations. The Solos MammoView
system is currently in use at various teaching hospitals across the U.S.

o Spacelabs Healthcare (Issaquah, Washington) reported the newest addition to
the Xprezzon monitoring line - ICS Xprezz - a mobile application for the iPad.
ICS Xprezz provides the ability for clinicians to view their patients'
comprehensive monitoring information anywhere they have mobile access. Whether
inside the hospital or on the go, clinicians can now have up-to-the-minute views
of any waveform or numeric data captured on the Xprezzon monitor, in the palm of
their hand. With ICS Xprezz clinicians can have the confidence of always being
near their patients, and the freedom to respond quickly from wherever they
happen to be.

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                          Copyright 2011 AHC Media LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             106 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Medical Device Daily

                            April 6, 2005 Wednesday

Webcast AAA repair procedure uses Excluder endoprosthesis

LENGTH: 1161 words


Webcast AAA repair procedure uses Excluder endoprosthesis

By CYNTHIA DRAKE  Medical Device Daily Contributing Writer  An Internet audience
was treated to a recent live webcast of a minimally invasive surgical (MIS)
repair of an endovascular abdominal aortic aneurysm (AAA) using a new stent
graft repair system.

Surgeons from Surgical Care Associates (Louisville, Kentucky) performed the
procedure at Baptist Hospital East (also Louisville) last month using the Gore
Excluder bifurcated endoprosthesis from W. L. Gore & Associates (Flagstaff,
Arizona).

More than 15,000 people die in the U.S. every year when their aneurysms rupture,
making this disease the 13th leading cause of death in this country.

Traditional surgical treatment of an AAA involves a large midline incision to
place a synthetic graft to repair the diseased artery.  This traditional method
results in long hospital stays of four to five days and painful recoveries,
often from six to eight weeks.

In contrast, the new MIS endovascular stent graft repair generally requires only
a one- to two-day hospital stay and a recovery of two to three weeks, and it
also may be applied to elderly and high-risk patients, a subset that surgeons
had been hesitant to treat with the traditional surgical approach.

The endovascular AAA repair was done in the hospital's dedicated
endovascular/radiology suite.  A specialized postoperative nursing care unit has
also been designed for patients undergoing endovascular AAA repair.

Elizabeth Rachel, MD, was the primary surgeon, and Matthew Jung, MD, served as
moderator for the webcast. Jung described the steps in the procedure and fielded
live questions from viewers over the Internet.

The Excluder bifurcated endoprosthesis is constructed of a durable expanded
polytetrafluoroethylene (ePTFE) bifurcated graft with an outer self-expanding
nitinol support structure to combine both device flexibility and material
durability. The function of the endoprosthesis is to internally reline the
abdominal aorta, including the bifurcation.  This isolates the aneurysm from the
flow of blood and thus blocks its growth in size. Its small outer diameter makes
the device very useful for female patients whose arteries are normally smaller
than those of males.

The device was approved by the FDA in November 2002, and the company has added
several extensions to the Excluder line since then.

The patient was a 78-year-old woman with a family history of vascular disease.
Her aneurysm was discovered about three years ago. Since that time the aneurysm
had grown to measure 5 cm in diameter.

Experts believe that once an aneurysm reaches 5 cm, the risk of rupture exceeds
the risk of surgery. The patient received general anesthesia and was prepped and
draped in the traditional manner.

To initiate the implant, two oblique incisions were made - one in each of the
patient's groins. The common femoral artery was isolated on each side and an 8
Fr introduction sheath was placed in the left common femoral while a 6 Fr sheath
went into the right common femoral.

Next, the 18 Fr Gore Excluder delivery sheath was introduced into the left
artery over a stiff wire. Fluoroscopy was used to monitor each step in this
procedure. A radiopaque indicator at the tip of the deployment sheath provided
location verification.

Jung answered a question from a viewer. "What percentage of people with AAAs of
6 cm die?"

Jung replied, "The mortality rate is directly related to the size of the AAA. At
6 cm about 8% of those people die from rupture. At 7.5 cm the risk goes to 15%
to 20%."

The Gore Excluder bifurcated graft is shaped like an upside-down "Y." It comes
in two parts: the upper portion of the Y and the left limb form the main part of
the graft. The right limb is the second part. They are deployed separately,
largest section first. The main body of the graft will lie inside the AAA and
the left limb of the graft will be placed in the left femoral artery. Then,
coming from the right common femoral the contralateral (right) limb of the graft
will be introduced.

First, the implant is prepared on a second back table using a double-glove
technique to reduce any possibility of contamination. A metal mandril is removed
from the graft, and the graft is then irrigated with saline just prior to
introduction.

The graft was placed inside the deployment sheath and moved up to the proximal
neck of the AAA, just below the renal arteries. At this point the
anesthesiologist held the patient's respirations while Rachel deployed the stent
graft by removing a retaining screw and pulling back on the deployment sheath.
This motion allowed the stent to expand.

Correct positioning was determined by fluoroscopy, and the stent's proximal
anchors were set by inflating elastomeric balloons from inside the graft. The
anchors provide positive fixation into the wall of the abdominal aorta so the
graft will not migrate out of place.

Another viewer asked, "Are AAAs inherited, and what can I do to prevent having
one?"

Jung answered that AAAs are inherited, adding: "There is a 10% to 20% increase
in risk if a close relative has had an AAA. Unfortunately there is nothing you
can do to stop them, [and that] smoking and atherosclerosis are additional risk
factors."

In the OR, Rachel secured the main body and the ipsolateral (left) limb of the
graft.  Then, the surgeons moved to the patient's right side and prepared to
deploy the contralateral limb of the graft. Several sizes are available for this
right limb of the graft. Rachel used intravascular ultrasound (IVUS) to measure
the necessary length and diameter. A gold ring marks the gate or opening of the
main graft for entrance of the contralateral limb.

An 18 Fr diameter, 9.5 mm length graft was prepared using double gloves and
saline irrigation. The graft was then placed over a wire and deployed so that it
was inside the major body of the graft with a 3 cm overlap into the gate.

From the audience: "Can all patients with AAAs be treated in this endovascular
manner?" And, "How can I be checked for an AAA?"

Jung answered: "No. The shape and position of the AAA determine eligibility. We
need a certain amount of good aorta below the renal arteries to be sure we can
anchor successfully."

As to detection of AAA, he said, "There are no signs or symptoms of the AAA
until it reaches a pretty good size. We recommend a screening exam if you are
over 60 or if you have family history an exam at 50 years. These [AAAs] grow
slowly, about 0.5 cm per year."

Back at the OR table, Rachel moved to secure the graft by ballooning or "ironing
out" the graft from top to bottom including both limbs. Arteriograms and IVUS
again were used to double check graft placement and preservation of other
arteries. All wires and sheaths were removed and the surgical wounds were
closed. No anticoagulants were used during the procedure.

The patient was released from the hospital the next day.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                          Copyright 2005 AHC Media LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             107 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                 The Daily Courier (Connelsville, Pennsylvania)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           August 26, 2015 Wednesday

Fayette carnival worker ordered to trial for attempted homicide, other charges

BYLINE: Mark Hofmann, The Daily Courier, Connellsville, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 539 words


Aug. 26--A carnival worker accused of running over and dragging a Dunbar man
with a truck during the week of the Fayette County Fair will stand trial.

District Judge Richard Kasunic II ordered that all charges against David Lee
Weaver, 54, of Cape Coral, Fla., be held for Fayette court after Weaver's
preliminary hearing Tuesday.

Those charges included attempted criminal homicide, aggravated assault,
aggravated assault by vehicle while DUI, simple assault and recklessly
endangering another person.

According to police, Weaver used a truck to assault Ryan Anthony Graft, 26, of
Dunbar at 2:30 a.m. Aug. 1 along Pechin Road at Country Road.

The incident started with a verbal argument at Al's Pub on Pechin Road. Weaver
was out with other carnival workers about 1:45 a.m. when they were told to leave
by the establishment's bartender.

Witnesses said Weaver wasn't a part of the argument and was drinking alone, even
though he was with the other carnival workers and left the bar with them.

Robert Hall of Dunbar, Graft's uncle, was at the bar with Graft during the
incident and left the pub with Graft. They were traveling down Pechin Road when
a vehicle came at them from behind and was traveling close enough to their
bumper that they couldn't see the other vehicle's headlights, Hall testified.

Hall said another verbal argument between Graft and a carnival worker took place
with Graft standing in the roadway. He said Weaver got behind the wheel of his
co-worker's Ford F-250 and accelerated toward Graft.

"He ran my nephew straight over," Hall said, adding that Weaver dragged Graft
for about 20 feet and left the scene. "First, I thought Ryan was dead."

Witnesses called 911, and Graft was flown by medical helicopter to UMPC
Presbyterian in Pittsburgh.

Roger Dale Hall of Dunbar, Graft's father, said his son was released from the
hospital the day before Weaver's hearing to a rehabilitation center in Verona.
He suffered seven crushed vertebrae, broken ribs, a collapsed lung and scrapes
along his back, and his ear was nearly ripped off, Roger Hall testified.

"They're not sure if he will walk again," Roger Hall said, adding that Graft can
move his head and talk, but can't move otherwise and has no memory of the
incident.

Trooper Jason Ashton with the state police at Uniontown testified he arrived at
the scene, got a description of the truck and searched the Fayette County
Fairgrounds.

Once the truck was discovered, its owner told police what happened and directed
them to Weaver's trailer.

"He was passed out on the bed," Ashton said, adding that Weaver appeared to be
highly intoxicated and was taken to Uniontown Hospital for a blood draw.

Tests showed a blood alcohol content of 0.233 percent. A driver is considered
impaired at 0.08 percent in Pennsylvania.

Ashton said Weaver did not make any statements at the time of the arrest.

A formal arraignment for Weaver is scheduled for 9:30 a.m. Sept. 17 in Courtroom
1 in Fayette County Courthouse, Uniontown. Weaver is lodged in Fayette County
jail in lieu of $35,000 bail.

Mark Hofmann is a staff writer with Trib Total Media.

___ (c)2015 The Daily Courier (Connellsville, Pa.) Visit The Daily Courier
(Connellsville, Pa.) at www.triblive.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency,
LLC.

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20150826-DC-Fayette-carnival-worker-ordered-to-trial-for-attempted-homicide-othe
r-charges-0826-20150826

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DC


                        Copyright 2015 The Daily Courier


                             108 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Medical Device Daily

                              May 5, 2005 Thursday

International report

LENGTH: 840 words


International report

CABG Medical enrolls first patient in Holly Graft trial

A Medical Device Daily Staff Report  Enrollment has begun in CABG Medical's
(Minneapolis) clinical trial for CE mark approval of the Holly Graft System, a
drug-eluting graft (DEG) for facilitating a coronary artery bypass procedure.

The implant of the graft system in the first patient enrolled in the clinical
trial - the second patient treated with the system - was completed by Peter
Tesar, MD, and Trevor Fayers, MD, at Prince Charles Hospital (Brisbane,
Australia). The two surgeons also completed the first implant of the Holly Graft
System last November.

The Holly Graft System is designed to treat blockages in multiple coronary
arteries from a single graft. The Holly system consists of a flexible,
thin-walled vascular graft made of expanded polytetrafluoroethylene; it is
attached to the coronary arteries via connectors coated with a drug combination
to reduce the risk of blockage and thrombosis.

The major benefit of the system is to eliminate a secondary surgery conducted as
part of a heart bypass procedure to harvest healthy vessels from the chest, legs
or arms for use in the bypass, the company said.

Well-known med-tech entrepreneur Manny Villafana, who is chairman and CEO of the
company, said, "We have worked closely with our scientific advisory board and
our physician collaborators over the past four years in developing a technology
that had a safety profile that was adequate to move into human evaluation."

He said the incorporation of a paclitaxel drug into the system "has made a
profound difference that could positively impact the effectiveness of the
device."

Noting that the CE mark is the designation for approval in major markets outside
the U.S. and Japan," Villafana said, "We are excited to begin this important
work with some of the most prominent cardiac surgery centers in the world."

CABG Medical raised more than $30 million in an initial public offering of some
5.5 million shares late last year and subsequently added another $4.5 million
through sale of an additional 825,000 in the exercise of over-allotment options.

Agilent to broaden efforts in India  Agilent Technologies (Palo Alto,
California) last month reported plans to introduce its DNA microarray-based
genomics solutions into India's growing life sciences market.

The company currently sells technologies for the biotechnology, chemical,
environmental and pharmaceutical manufacturing markets in India, and said it
expects to expand its presence into industries such as medical research, drug
discovery and agro-biotech.

"Agilent's Life Sciences and Chemical Analysis [LSCA] business had double-digit
growth in India last year, driven by the country's booming biotechnology,
agriculture, information technology and pharmaceuticals industries," said
Sanjeev Dhar, country manager for the LSCA business in India. "India is now
LSCA's fourth-largest country of business in Asia, and one of the
fastest-growing. We expect this growth to continue as we launch our solutions
for the life sciences sector into areas such as genomics and proteomics
research."

Genomics and bioinformatics company Genotypic has estimated that the Indian
microarray market will grow by some 70% this year.

"Growth in sectors like biopharmaceuticals, contract research bioservices,
agriculture, genetic engineering and molecular medicine will drive growth for
analytical instrumentation," Dhar said.

Agilent's initial plans focus on introducing its DNA microarray-based genomics
solutions, which improve the productivity of gene-expression and genomics
research.

MSI reports on added initiatives  Medical Services International (MSI; Edmonton,
Alberta) said it has been asked to start supplying its VScan HIV 1 & 2 test kits
in China by the end of this month.

The company had earlier reported a contract with China to start supplying VScan
HIV test kits in July 1. It now has been asked to supply 315,000 HIV test kits
by May 30, as well as additional kits in June.

The contract with China is to supply $25.5 million in VScan HIV test kits over
three years.

Medical Services International also reported that regulatory authorities in Peru
have asked it to send the necessary kits and documentation to begin the approval
process for the VScan hepatitis B test kit.

The company reported earlier that it had received approval for its VScan HIV
test kit in that country.

Based on current negotiations, it said that Peru would need about 200,000 HIV
test kits every two months, for a total of 1.2 million such kits per year. The
VScan test kit is the only HIV test kit approved by regulatory authorities in
Peru.

MSI also said that it has been approached to supply VScan HIV, hepatitis B and
TB test kits to Chile. It said it expects to begin the necessary testing for
regulatory approval in Chile very soon, and estimated a need for up to 500,000
HIV rapid test kits per year that can be used in remote areas and that require
no refrigeration or medical facilities.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                          Copyright 2005 AHC Media LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             109 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 17, 2014 Monday

USPTO Published Patent application of PALMAZ SCIENTIFIC, INC. titled as
"ENDOLUMINAL IMPLANTABLE SURFACES, STENTS, AND GRAFTS AND METHOD OF MAKING THE
SAME"

LENGTH: 185  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an application no.
20140332499, published on November 13, 2014, by PALMAZ SCIENTIFIC, INC., titled
as "ENDOLUMINAL IMPLANTABLE SURFACES, STENTS, AND GRAFTS AND METHOD OF MAKING
THE SAME" for the registration of patent.

Inventors:  Palmaz; Julio C.; (Napa, CA) ; Garza; Armando; (San Jose, CA)
Assignee: PALMAZ SCIENTIFIC, INC.
Dallas
TX

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
method of manufacturing an endoluminal implantable surface, stent, or graft
includes the steps of providing an endoluminal implantable surface, stent, or
graft having an inner wall surface, an outer wall surface, and a wall thickness
and forming a pattern design into the endoluminal implantable surface, stent, or
graft. At least one groove is created in the inner surface of the intravascular
stent by applying a laser machining method to the inner surface."

The Patent was filed on May 13, 2014 under application No. 20140332499

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             110 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

             Copyright 2017 Thomson Financial, All Rights Reserved
                            Reuters Knowledge Direct

                               February 27, 2017

                         BioMimetic Therapeutics, Inc.

                              389 Nichol Mill Lane
                              FRANKLIN,  TN 37067
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: Main Phone: 1-615-8441280
FAX: 1-615-8441281
URL: Home Page: http://biomimetics.com
E-MAIL: ir@biomimetics.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
TICKER: BMTI
CUSIP: 09064X101
IRS No.: 621786244
CIK: 0001138400
ISIN: US09064X1019
SEDOL: B1446D9
Reuters Instrument Code: BMTI.O^C13
Display RIC: BMTI.OQ

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: May 21, 2001
PLACE OF INCORPORATION: Delaware
LEGAL STATUS: Equity Issue
OPERATING STATUS: Inactive
EMPLOYEES: 75

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   BioMimetic Therapeutics, Inc. incorporated on May 21, 2001, specializes in
the development and commercialization of products to promote the healing of
musculoskeletal injuries and diseases, including therapies for orthopedic and
sports medicine applications. The Company' s augment branded products are based
upon recombinant human platelet-derived growth factor (rhPDGF-BB), which is a
bioengineered form of PDGF, one of the body's principal agents to stimulate and
direct healing and regeneration. The Company engages in the field of
regenerative medicine by providing new treatment options for the repair of bone,
cartilage, tendons and ligaments. The Company's initial focus in orthopedics is
the development of Augment Bone Graft (rhPDGF/Beta-TCP) as a substitute for
autograft in foot and ankle fusions.

   The Company markets a bone graft substitute line of products for orthopedic
indications called Augmatrix Biocomposite Bone Graft. The products are available
in multiple forms to suit an array of bone grafting challenges, including
fracture repair and general bone void filling procedures. The products are
available for sale in the United States.

   The Company' s product is AUGMENT BONE GRAFT. Augment Bone Graft is a
bioengineered alternative to autograft in orthopedic surgery (non-human origin).
The product consists of two sterile components: Medical grade \xB2-TCP granules
(1000-2000 \xB5m) granules and rhPDGF-BB solution (0.3 mg/mL). The \xB2-TCP
component of Augment Bone Graft provides a porous, osteoconductive scaffold to
support cell attachment and spreading. Augment Bone Graft is designed for use in
open orthopedic surgical procedures. Augment Bone Graft is commercially
available in Australia, New Zealand and Canada only.

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
PRIMARY NAICS:
54171 - Research and Development in the Physical, Engineering, and Life Sciences

SECONDARY NAICS:
325414 - Biological Product (except Diagnostic) Manufacturing
PRIMARY SIC:
3841 - Surgical And Medical Instruments
SECONDARY SIC:
8731 - Commercial Physical Research
2836 - Biological Prod's Not Diagnostic
COMPETITORS:

     ·    Olympus Corp
     ·    Cryolife Inc
     ·    Johnson & Johnson
     ·    Sanofi SA
     ·    Stryker Corporation
     ·    Zimmer Biomet Holdings Inc
     ·    Smith & Nephew plc
     ·    Biomet Inc
     ·    Wright Medical Group Inc
     ·    Exactech, Inc.


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: December 31, 2011

MOST RECENT EXCHANGE RATE:  1.0
CHART OF ACCOUNTS:  Industry
ACCOUNTING STANDARD:  U.S. GAAP
LATEST AVAILABLE ANNUAL:  20170227

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS ('000 USD)
                                    12/31/2011      12/31/2010      12/31/2009
Cash & Equivalents                      18,503          11,628          21,543
Short Term Investments                  42,950          65,751          47,002
Cash and Short Term                     61,453          77,379          68,545
Investments
Accounts Receivable - Trade,                86               8              78
Net
Receivables - Other                      1,122             468             612
Total Receivables, Net                   1,207             476             690
Inventories - Finished Goods               285             234             229
Inventories - Raw Materials                820           1,413             815
Total Inventory                          3,529           2,258           1,044
Prepaid Expenses                           485             588             647
Total Current Assets                    66,675          80,702          70,926
Buildings - Gross                        6,246           4,050           4,047
Machinery/Equipment - Gross              6,436           8,505           8,156
Property/Plant/Equipment,               12,682          13,715          13,197
Total - Gross
Accumulated Depreciation,              (7,377)         (6,122)         (5,040)
Total
Property/Plant/Equipment,                5,305           7,593           8,157
Total - Net
Intangibles, Net                         2,444           1,868           2,925
LT Investments - Other                     385          15,387           6,899
Long Term Investments                      385          15,387           6,899
Other Long Term Assets                       5               5               5
Other Long Term Assets, Total                5               5               5
Total Assets                            74,887         105,555          88,912



LIABILITIES ('000 USD)
                                    12/31/2011      12/31/2010      12/31/2009
Accounts Payable                         2,393           1,671           2,256
Accrued Expenses                         3,065           4,499           2,434
Current Port. of LT                         84              79              57
Debt/Capital Leases
Customer Advances                          974             971             971
Other Current liabilities,                 974             971             971
Total
Total Current Liabilities                6,516           7,219           5,718
Capital Lease Obligations                  132             216             175
Total Long Term Debt                       132             216             175
Total Debt                                 216             294             231
Other Long Term Liabilities             14,228          14,998          15,968
Other Liabilities, Total                14,228          14,998          15,968
Total Liabilities                       20,875          22,433          21,861



EQUITY ('000 USD)
                                    12/31/2011      12/31/2010      12/31/2009
Common Stock                                28              28              22
Common Stock, Total                         28              28              22
Additional Paid-In Capital             214,626         210,554         160,533
Retained Earnings (Accumulated       (160,647)       (127,457)        (93,520)
Deficit)
Other Comprehensive Income                   4             (2)              17
Other Equity, Total                          4             (2)              17
Total Equity                            54,012          83,122          67,052
Total Liabilities &                     74,887         105,555          88,912
Shareholders' Equity
Shares Outs - Common Stock              28,128          27,926          21,825
Primary Issue
Total Common Shares                     28,128          27,926          21,825
Outstanding



FOOTNOTE
                                    12/31/2011      12/31/2010      12/31/2009
Full-Time Employees                         75              95              89
Intangibles - Net                        2,444           1,868           2,925
Deferred Revenue - Current                 974             971             971
Deferred Revenue - Long Term            13,605          14,578          15,550



RATIOS
                                    12/31/2011      12/31/2010      12/31/2009
Total Current Assets less               63,146          78,444          69,882
Inventory('000 USD)
Quick Ratio                                 10              11              12
Current Ratio                               10              11              12
Net Debt('000 USD)                    (61,238)        (77,085)        (68,314)
Tangible Book Value('000 USD)           51,568          81,254          64,127
Tangible Book Value per Share                2               3               3
(USD)



FOOTNOTE DEBT ('000 USD)
                                    12/31/2011      12/31/2010      12/31/2009
Total Long Term Debt,                        0               0               0
Supplemental
Long Term Debt Maturing within               0               0               0
1 Year
Total Capital Leases,                        0               0               0
Supplemental
Capital Lease Payments Due in                0               0               0
Year 1
Capital Lease Payments Due in                0               0               0
Year 2
Capital Lease Payments Due in                0               0               0
Year 3
Capital Lease Payments Due in                0               0               0
2-3 Years
Total Operating Leases,                     11              12              14
Supplemental
Operating Lease Payments Due                 2               1               1
in Year 1
Operating Lease Payments Due                 2               2               1
in Year 2
Operating Lease Payments Due                 2               2               2
in Year 3
Operating Lease Payments Due                 2               2               2
in Year 4
Operating Lease Payments Due                 2               2               2
in Year 5
Operating Lease Pymts. Due in                3               3               3
2-3 Years
Operating Lease Pymts. Due in                3               3               3
4-5 Years
Oper. Lse. Pymts. Due in Year                3               4               6
6 & Beyond

* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


('000 USD)
                                    12/31/2011      12/31/2010      12/31/2009
Net Sales                                1,725           1,474           1,571
Revenue                                  1,725           1,474           1,571
Total Revenue                            1,725           1,474           1,571
Cost of Revenue                             53              17               6
Cost of Revenue, Total                      53              17               6
Gross Profit                             1,672           1,456           1,566
Selling/General/Administrative          16,034          15,160          11,512
Expense
Selling/General/Admin.                  16,034          15,160          11,512
Expenses, Total
Research & Development                  14,695          17,967          21,095
Depreciation                             1,257           1,234           1,333
Amortization of Intangibles                 37           1,658           2,569
Depreciation/Amortization                1,293           2,892           3,902
Total Operating Expense                 35,015          36,037          29,295
Operating Income                      (33,290)        (34,564)        (27,724)
Investment Income -                        113             144           6,864
Non-Operating
Interest/Invest Income -                   113             144           6,864
Non-Operating
Interest Income(Exp), Net                  (4)             (4)           (308)
Non-Operating
Interest                                   109             140           6,556
Inc.(Exp.),Net-Non-Op., Total
Gain (Loss) on Sale of Assets              (9)            (28)              11
Net Income Before Taxes               (33,190)        (33,937)        (21,157)
Net Income After Taxes                (33,190)        (33,937)        (21,157)
Net Income Before Extra. Items        (33,190)        (33,937)        (21,157)
Income Available to Com Excl          (33,190)        (33,937)        (21,157)
ExtraOrd
Basic Weighted Average Shares           28,002          24,626          20,510
Basic EPS Excluding                        (1)             (1)             (1)
Extraordinary Items
Diluted Weighted Average                28,002          24,626          20,510
Shares
Diluted EPS Excluding ExtraOrd             (1)             (1)             (1)
Items



EXTRAORDINARY ('000 USD)
                                    12/31/2011      12/31/2010      12/31/2009
Net Income                            (33,190)        (33,937)        (21,157)
Income Available to Com Incl          (33,190)        (33,937)        (21,157)
ExtraOrd



NORMALIZED ('000 USD)
                                    12/31/2011      12/31/2010      12/31/2009
Total Special Items                      2,948              28         (7,230)
Normalized Income Before Taxes        (30,242)        (33,909)        (28,388)
Normalized Income After Taxes         (30,242)        (33,909)        (28,388)
Normalized Inc. Avail to Com.         (30,242)        (33,909)        (28,388)
Basic Normalized EPS                       (1)             (1)             (1)
Diluted Normalized EPS                     (1)             (1)             (1)



RATIOS
                                    12/31/2011      12/31/2010      12/31/2009
Gross Margin                                97              99             100
Operating Margin                        -1,930          -2,346          -1,764
Pretax Margin                           -1,924          -2,303          -1,347
Net Profit Margin                       -1,924          -2,303          -1,347
Normalized EBIT('000 USD)             (30,350)        (34,564)        (34,944)
Normalized EBITDA('000 USD)           (29,057)        (31,671)        (31,041)



FOOTNOTE TAX ('000 USD)
                                    12/31/2011      12/31/2010      12/31/2009
Deferred Tax - Domestic               (11,345)        (11,283)         (6,576)
Deferred Tax - Local                     (485)           (490)           (285)
Deferred Tax - Total                  (11,830)        (11,772)         (6,860)
Other Tax                               11,830          11,772           6,860



FOOTNOTE PENSION ('000 USD)
                                    12/31/2011      12/31/2010      12/31/2009
Defined Contribution Expense -             260             234             340
Domestic
Total Pension Expense                      260             234             386



SUPPLEMENTAL ('000 USD)
                                    12/31/2011      12/31/2010      12/31/2009
Basic EPS Including                        (1)             (1)             (1)
Extraordinary Items
Diluted Net Income                        (33)            (34)            (21)
Diluted EPS Including ExtraOrd             (1)             (1)             (1)
Items



FOOTNOTE
                                    12/31/2011      12/31/2010      12/31/2009
Stock-Based Compensation,                3,604           3,984           3,893
Supplemental
Depreciation, Supplemental               1,257           1,234           1,333
Amort of Intangibles,                       37           1,658           2,569
Supplemental
Rental Expense, Supplemental             1,678           1,435             840
Research & Development Exp,             14,695          17,967          21,095
Supplemental

* * * * * * * * * * CASHFLOW STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


('000 USD)
                                    12/31/2011      12/31/2010      12/31/2009
Net Income/Starting Line              (33,190)        (33,937)        (21,157)
Depreciation                             1,257           1,234           1,333
Depreciation/Depletion                   1,257           1,234           1,333
Amortization of Intangibles                 37           1,658           2,569
Amortization                                37           1,658           2,569
Unusual Items                            2,940               0         (5,768)
Other Non-Cash Items                     3,755           4,267           4,049
Non-Cash Items                           6,695           4,267         (1,719)
Accounts Receivable                      (804)             214           1,165
Inventories                            (1,271)         (1,214)             218
Prepaid Expenses                           103            (14)            (18)
Payable/Accrued                          (508)           1,481         (4,313)
Other Liabilities                        (971)           (971)           (971)
Changes in Working Capital             (3,450)           (505)         (3,920)
Cash from Operating Activities        (28,652)        (27,282)        (22,894)
Purchase of Fixed Assets               (1,908)           (534)         (2,311)
Purchase/Acquisition of                  (612)           (601)           (510)
Intangibles
Capital Expenditures                   (2,520)         (1,136)         (2,821)
Sale/Maturity of Investment            113,930          99,550          90,380
Purchase of Investments               (76,118)       (126,807)        (58,370)
Other Investing Cash Flow               37,812        (27,257)          43,909
Items, Total
Cash from Investing Activities          35,291        (28,393)          41,088
Sale/Issuance of Common                    315          45,834          25,006
Common Stock, Net                          315          45,834          25,006
Issuance (Retirement) of                   315          45,834          25,006
Stock, Net
Long Term Debt Reduction                  (79)            (73)        (39,118)
Long Term Debt, Net                       (79)            (73)        (39,118)
Issuance (Retirement) of Debt,            (79)            (73)        (39,118)
Net
Cash from Financing Activities             236          45,760        (14,185)
Net Change in Cash                       6,875         (9,915)           4,008
Net Cash - Beginning Balance            11,628          21,543          17,535
Net Cash - Ending Balance               18,503          11,628          21,543
Cash Interest Paid                           5               4             529

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY SPECIFIC:


Balance Sheet
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                          66,675
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         49,503
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                            74,887
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           57,090
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             69,834
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                          54,012
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         39,295
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         62,859
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           51,568
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           36,632
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          44,266
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                          61,453
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent fiscal                            7,377
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent quarter                           8,330
('000 USD)
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            3,529
Inventory - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                4,057
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                            6,516
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                          4,262
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                             20,875
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                           17,795
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                             132
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             68
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          1,207
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                611
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                             54,012
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                           39,295
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             216
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 156
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                           1,293
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                            245
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                            1,357
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                      (31,173)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         (4,844)
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          (22,614)
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                       (1,023)
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        10
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     34
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .02
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .05
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                          .03
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                                .02
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                    .13
(annualized)
Inventory turnover - trailing 12 month                                      .05
Net Income/employee - most recent fiscal year                     (390,470,300)
('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - most recent quarter                         (245,935,100)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - trailing 12 month ('000                     (360,064,000)
USD)
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                            36.78
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                11.75
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   9.88
Revenue/employee - most recent fiscal year                            20,293.53
Revenue/employee - most recent quarter                                36,829.44
(annualized)
Revenue/employee - trailing 12 month                                  27,339.73
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                   10.23
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                       11.61
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                           13.96
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                    .18
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                        .12
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                    .24
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                        .17
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            .24
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                             .24
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                                 .17
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                      9.69
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                         10.66
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             13.28
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                           .29
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                               .27
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                               .40
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                              .40
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                           .40
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                               .40
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                            .38
year ago
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              2.14
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              1.60
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                        -10.39
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                -14.39
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                -10.39
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                      -30.87
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                  -29.05
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                  -7.76
Capital Spending growth rate, 5 year                                       9.53
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                             35.85
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                              28.36
EPS Change % - year over year                                             13.99
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                                19.55
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          73.13
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                          -18.17
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                          35.43
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                       28.32
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                  18.97
Net Income Change % - year over year                                       2.20
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         60.67
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                          57.56
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            23.52
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          17.06
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                              -16.04
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                              -30.88
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                        -20.98
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                            53
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                               129
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            203
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                         (33,190)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                        (4,599)
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                        (27,005)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                         (30,242)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                        (33,190)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                       (4,599)
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                        (27,005)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                         (30,242)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              (30,350)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                   (4,613)
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (24,134)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             (29,057)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                          (31,671)
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  (4,368)
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                   (22,777)
Net Income available to common - most recent                           (33,190)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                            (4,599)
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                           (27,005)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                      (30,242)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                        (33,190)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                        (33,190)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                           14,695
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                            1,930
quarter ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - prior trailing                        16,870
12 month ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - trailing 12                           10,693
month ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              1,725
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                    689
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              1,660
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    2,050
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                       (33,190)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                       (27,005)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                 (855)
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                           (24,059)
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                -25.22
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                            -36.79
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                           -31.13
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                             -34.35
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                             -38.67
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                -37.63
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                            -48.41
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                           -44.75
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                             -43.18
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                             -52.87
Return on investment - 5 year average                                    -27.40
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                           -39.82
Return on investment - most recent quarter                               -33.59
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                 -41.45
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               1,920
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               1,392
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             1,833
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             1,298
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                               90
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                                14
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                               3
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                           (1,139)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                       (1,261)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                             (215)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                 (619)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                            (154)
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                         (966)
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                          (1,148)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                            (911)
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            2,185
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           1,568
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            (809)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                          (1,185)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            (163)
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                         (1,193)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                 (960)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                         (1,185)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           (163)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                               (1,193)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (960)
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                         (1,185)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           (163)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                               (1,193)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (960)
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                          (1,080)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                         (1,113)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                           (1,154)
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                          (192)
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (689)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (172)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                       (1,166)
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                              (803)
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                                 5
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                2
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                                62
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                             98
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                     24
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                 73
P/E excluding extraordinary items high, trailing                          27.09
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items low, trailing                           13.66
12 months
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                    4.94
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                        6.82
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            1.47
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                 152.60
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                      95.30
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                  55.73
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                       128.37
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                  5.10
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                               7.19
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                   1.48
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                               2.95
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.55
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              3.17
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                           -999.35
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                -1,684.51
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                      -1,110.83
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 96.90
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 98.83
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             73.13
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        80.89
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          89.96
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                      -808.57
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                      -1,924.11
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                      -2,303.12
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                               -667.77
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                         -2,007.44
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                               -1,317.00
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                         -1,929.91
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                         -2,345.63
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                     -1,074.67
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                  -669.84
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                  -1,320.35
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                            -1,924.11
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                            -2,303.12
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                          -809.07
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                     -667.77
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                     -1,317.00
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                           929.52
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                          435.34
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                            679.44
Float                                                                     25.53
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                        263,227
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             27.94
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            28.15
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          28.00
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         28.22
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          28.13
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              28.23
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                            28.06
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                              28.23
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         27.94
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            28.15
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           28.00
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           28.22
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            90.44



Cash Flow
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                          66,675
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         49,503
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                            74,887
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           57,090
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             69,834
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                          54,012
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         39,295
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         62,859
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           51,568
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           36,632
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          44,266
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                          61,453
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent fiscal                            7,377
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent quarter                           8,330
('000 USD)
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            3,529
Inventory - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                4,057
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                            6,516
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                          4,262
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                             20,875
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                           17,795
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                             132
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             68
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          1,207
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                611
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                             54,012
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                           39,295
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             216
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 156
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                           1,293
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                            245
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                            1,357
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                      (31,173)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         (4,844)
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          (22,614)
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                       (1,023)
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        10
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     34
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .02
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .05
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                          .03
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                                .02
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                    .13
(annualized)
Inventory turnover - trailing 12 month                                      .05
Net Income/employee - most recent fiscal year                     (390,470,300)
('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - most recent quarter                         (245,935,100)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - trailing 12 month ('000                     (360,064,000)
USD)
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                            36.78
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                11.75
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   9.88
Revenue/employee - most recent fiscal year                            20,293.53
Revenue/employee - most recent quarter                                36,829.44
(annualized)
Revenue/employee - trailing 12 month                                  27,339.73
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                   10.23
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                       11.61
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                           13.96
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                    .18
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                        .12
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                    .24
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                        .17
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            .24
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                             .24
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                                 .17
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                      9.69
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                         10.66
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             13.28
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                           .29
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                               .27
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                               .40
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                              .40
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                           .40
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                               .40
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                            .38
year ago
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              2.14
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              1.60
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                        -10.39
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                -14.39
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                -10.39
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                      -30.87
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                  -29.05
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                  -7.76
Capital Spending growth rate, 5 year                                       9.53
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                             35.85
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                              28.36
EPS Change % - year over year                                             13.99
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                                19.55
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          73.13
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                          -18.17
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                          35.43
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                       28.32
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                  18.97
Net Income Change % - year over year                                       2.20
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         60.67
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                          57.56
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            23.52
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          17.06
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                              -16.04
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                              -30.88
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                        -20.98
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                            53
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                               129
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            203
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                         (33,190)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                        (4,599)
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                        (27,005)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                         (30,242)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                        (33,190)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                       (4,599)
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                        (27,005)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                         (30,242)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              (30,350)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                   (4,613)
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (24,134)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             (29,057)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                          (31,671)
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  (4,368)
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                   (22,777)
Net Income available to common - most recent                           (33,190)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                            (4,599)
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                           (27,005)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                      (30,242)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                        (33,190)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                        (33,190)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                           14,695
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                            1,930
quarter ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - prior trailing                        16,870
12 month ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - trailing 12                           10,693
month ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              1,725
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                    689
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              1,660
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    2,050
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                       (33,190)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                       (27,005)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                 (855)
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                           (24,059)
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                -25.22
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                            -36.79
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                           -31.13
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                             -34.35
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                             -38.67
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                -37.63
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                            -48.41
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                           -44.75
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                             -43.18
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                             -52.87
Return on investment - 5 year average                                    -27.40
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                           -39.82
Return on investment - most recent quarter                               -33.59
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                 -41.45
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               1,920
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               1,392
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             1,833
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             1,298
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                               90
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                                14
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                               3
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                           (1,139)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                       (1,261)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                             (215)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                 (619)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                            (154)
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                         (966)
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                          (1,148)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                            (911)
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            2,185
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           1,568
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            (809)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                          (1,185)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            (163)
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                         (1,193)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                 (960)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                         (1,185)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           (163)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                               (1,193)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (960)
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                         (1,185)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           (163)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                               (1,193)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (960)
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                          (1,080)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                         (1,113)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                           (1,154)
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                          (192)
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (689)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (172)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                       (1,166)
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                              (803)
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                                 5
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                2
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                                62
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                             98
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                     24
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                 73
P/E excluding extraordinary items high, trailing                          27.09
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items low, trailing                           13.66
12 months
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                    4.94
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                        6.82
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            1.47
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                 152.60
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                      95.30
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                  55.73
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                       128.37
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                  5.10
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                               7.19
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                   1.48
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                               2.95
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.55
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              3.17
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                           -999.35
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                -1,684.51
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                      -1,110.83
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 96.90
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 98.83
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             73.13
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        80.89
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          89.96
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                      -808.57
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                      -1,924.11
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                      -2,303.12
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                               -667.77
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                         -2,007.44
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                               -1,317.00
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                         -1,929.91
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                         -2,345.63
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                     -1,074.67
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                  -669.84
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                  -1,320.35
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                            -1,924.11
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                            -2,303.12
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                          -809.07
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                     -667.77
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                     -1,317.00
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                           929.52
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                          435.34
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                            679.44
Float                                                                     25.53
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                        263,227
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             27.94
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            28.15
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          28.00
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         28.22
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          28.13
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              28.23
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                            28.06
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                              28.23
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         27.94
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            28.15
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           28.00
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           28.22
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            90.44



Descriptive
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                          66,675
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         49,503
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                            74,887
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           57,090
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             69,834
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                          54,012
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         39,295
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         62,859
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           51,568
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           36,632
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          44,266
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                          61,453
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent fiscal                            7,377
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent quarter                           8,330
('000 USD)
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            3,529
Inventory - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                4,057
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                            6,516
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                          4,262
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                             20,875
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                           17,795
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                             132
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             68
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          1,207
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                611
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                             54,012
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                           39,295
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             216
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 156
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                           1,293
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                            245
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                            1,357
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                      (31,173)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         (4,844)
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          (22,614)
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                       (1,023)
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        10
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     34
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .02
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .05
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                          .03
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                                .02
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                    .13
(annualized)
Inventory turnover - trailing 12 month                                      .05
Net Income/employee - most recent fiscal year                     (390,470,300)
('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - most recent quarter                         (245,935,100)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - trailing 12 month ('000                     (360,064,000)
USD)
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                            36.78
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                11.75
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   9.88
Revenue/employee - most recent fiscal year                            20,293.53
Revenue/employee - most recent quarter                                36,829.44
(annualized)
Revenue/employee - trailing 12 month                                  27,339.73
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                   10.23
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                       11.61
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                           13.96
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                    .18
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                        .12
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                    .24
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                        .17
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            .24
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                             .24
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                                 .17
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                      9.69
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                         10.66
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             13.28
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                           .29
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                               .27
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                               .40
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                              .40
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                           .40
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                               .40
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                            .38
year ago
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              2.14
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              1.60
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                        -10.39
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                -14.39
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                -10.39
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                      -30.87
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                  -29.05
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                  -7.76
Capital Spending growth rate, 5 year                                       9.53
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                             35.85
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                              28.36
EPS Change % - year over year                                             13.99
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                                19.55
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          73.13
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                          -18.17
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                          35.43
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                       28.32
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                  18.97
Net Income Change % - year over year                                       2.20
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         60.67
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                          57.56
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            23.52
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          17.06
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                              -16.04
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                              -30.88
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                        -20.98
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                            53
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                               129
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            203
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                         (33,190)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                        (4,599)
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                        (27,005)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                         (30,242)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                        (33,190)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                       (4,599)
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                        (27,005)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                         (30,242)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              (30,350)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                   (4,613)
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (24,134)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             (29,057)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                          (31,671)
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  (4,368)
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                   (22,777)
Net Income available to common - most recent                           (33,190)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                            (4,599)
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                           (27,005)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                      (30,242)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                        (33,190)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                        (33,190)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                           14,695
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                            1,930
quarter ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - prior trailing                        16,870
12 month ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - trailing 12                           10,693
month ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              1,725
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                    689
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              1,660
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    2,050
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                       (33,190)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                       (27,005)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                 (855)
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                           (24,059)
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                -25.22
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                            -36.79
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                           -31.13
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                             -34.35
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                             -38.67
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                -37.63
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                            -48.41
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                           -44.75
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                             -43.18
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                             -52.87
Return on investment - 5 year average                                    -27.40
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                           -39.82
Return on investment - most recent quarter                               -33.59
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                 -41.45
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               1,920
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               1,392
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             1,833
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             1,298
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                               90
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                                14
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                               3
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                           (1,139)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                       (1,261)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                             (215)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                 (619)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                            (154)
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                         (966)
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                          (1,148)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                            (911)
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            2,185
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           1,568
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            (809)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                          (1,185)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            (163)
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                         (1,193)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                 (960)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                         (1,185)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           (163)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                               (1,193)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (960)
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                         (1,185)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           (163)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                               (1,193)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (960)
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                          (1,080)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                         (1,113)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                           (1,154)
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                          (192)
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (689)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (172)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                       (1,166)
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                              (803)
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                                 5
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                2
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                                62
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                             98
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                     24
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                 73
P/E excluding extraordinary items high, trailing                          27.09
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items low, trailing                           13.66
12 months
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                    4.94
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                        6.82
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            1.47
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                 152.60
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                      95.30
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                  55.73
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                       128.37
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                  5.10
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                               7.19
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                   1.48
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                               2.95
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.55
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              3.17
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                           -999.35
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                -1,684.51
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                      -1,110.83
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 96.90
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 98.83
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             73.13
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        80.89
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          89.96
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                      -808.57
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                      -1,924.11
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                      -2,303.12
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                               -667.77
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                         -2,007.44
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                               -1,317.00
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                         -1,929.91
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                         -2,345.63
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                     -1,074.67
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                  -669.84
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                  -1,320.35
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                            -1,924.11
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                            -2,303.12
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                          -809.07
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                     -667.77
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                     -1,317.00
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                           929.52
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                          435.34
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                            679.44
Float                                                                     25.53
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                        263,227
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             27.94
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            28.15
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          28.00
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         28.22
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          28.13
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              28.23
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                            28.06
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                              28.23
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         27.94
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            28.15
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           28.00
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           28.22
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            90.44



Efficiency Ratios
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                          66,675
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         49,503
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                            74,887
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           57,090
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             69,834
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                          54,012
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         39,295
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         62,859
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           51,568
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           36,632
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          44,266
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                          61,453
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent fiscal                            7,377
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent quarter                           8,330
('000 USD)
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            3,529
Inventory - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                4,057
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                            6,516
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                          4,262
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                             20,875
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                           17,795
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                             132
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             68
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          1,207
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                611
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                             54,012
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                           39,295
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             216
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 156
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                           1,293
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                            245
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                            1,357
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                      (31,173)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         (4,844)
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          (22,614)
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                       (1,023)
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        10
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     34
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .02
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .05
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                          .03
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                                .02
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                    .13
(annualized)
Inventory turnover - trailing 12 month                                      .05
Net Income/employee - most recent fiscal year                     (390,470,300)
('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - most recent quarter                         (245,935,100)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - trailing 12 month ('000                     (360,064,000)
USD)
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                            36.78
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                11.75
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   9.88
Revenue/employee - most recent fiscal year                            20,293.53
Revenue/employee - most recent quarter                                36,829.44
(annualized)
Revenue/employee - trailing 12 month                                  27,339.73
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                   10.23
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                       11.61
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                           13.96
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                    .18
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                        .12
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                    .24
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                        .17
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            .24
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                             .24
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                                 .17
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                      9.69
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                         10.66
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             13.28
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                           .29
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                               .27
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                               .40
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                              .40
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                           .40
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                               .40
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                            .38
year ago
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              2.14
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              1.60
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                        -10.39
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                -14.39
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                -10.39
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                      -30.87
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                  -29.05
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                  -7.76
Capital Spending growth rate, 5 year                                       9.53
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                             35.85
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                              28.36
EPS Change % - year over year                                             13.99
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                                19.55
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          73.13
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                          -18.17
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                          35.43
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                       28.32
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                  18.97
Net Income Change % - year over year                                       2.20
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         60.67
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                          57.56
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            23.52
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          17.06
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                              -16.04
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                              -30.88
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                        -20.98
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                            53
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                               129
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            203
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                         (33,190)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                        (4,599)
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                        (27,005)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                         (30,242)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                        (33,190)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                       (4,599)
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                        (27,005)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                         (30,242)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              (30,350)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                   (4,613)
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (24,134)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             (29,057)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                          (31,671)
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  (4,368)
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                   (22,777)
Net Income available to common - most recent                           (33,190)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                            (4,599)
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                           (27,005)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                      (30,242)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                        (33,190)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                        (33,190)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                           14,695
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                            1,930
quarter ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - prior trailing                        16,870
12 month ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - trailing 12                           10,693
month ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              1,725
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                    689
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              1,660
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    2,050
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                       (33,190)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                       (27,005)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                 (855)
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                           (24,059)
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                -25.22
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                            -36.79
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                           -31.13
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                             -34.35
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                             -38.67
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                -37.63
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                            -48.41
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                           -44.75
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                             -43.18
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                             -52.87
Return on investment - 5 year average                                    -27.40
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                           -39.82
Return on investment - most recent quarter                               -33.59
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                 -41.45
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               1,920
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               1,392
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             1,833
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             1,298
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                               90
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                                14
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                               3
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                           (1,139)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                       (1,261)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                             (215)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                 (619)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                            (154)
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                         (966)
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                          (1,148)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                            (911)
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            2,185
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           1,568
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            (809)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                          (1,185)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            (163)
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                         (1,193)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                 (960)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                         (1,185)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           (163)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                               (1,193)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (960)
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                         (1,185)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           (163)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                               (1,193)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (960)
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                          (1,080)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                         (1,113)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                           (1,154)
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                          (192)
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (689)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (172)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                       (1,166)
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                              (803)
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                                 5
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                2
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                                62
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                             98
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                     24
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                 73
P/E excluding extraordinary items high, trailing                          27.09
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items low, trailing                           13.66
12 months
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                    4.94
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                        6.82
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            1.47
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                 152.60
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                      95.30
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                  55.73
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                       128.37
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                  5.10
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                               7.19
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                   1.48
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                               2.95
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.55
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              3.17
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                           -999.35
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                -1,684.51
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                      -1,110.83
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 96.90
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 98.83
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             73.13
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        80.89
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          89.96
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                      -808.57
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                      -1,924.11
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                      -2,303.12
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                               -667.77
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                         -2,007.44
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                               -1,317.00
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                         -1,929.91
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                         -2,345.63
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                     -1,074.67
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                  -669.84
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                  -1,320.35
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                            -1,924.11
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                            -2,303.12
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                          -809.07
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                     -667.77
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                     -1,317.00
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                           929.52
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                          435.34
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                            679.44
Float                                                                     25.53
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                        263,227
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             27.94
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            28.15
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          28.00
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         28.22
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          28.13
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              28.23
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                            28.06
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                              28.23
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         27.94
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            28.15
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           28.00
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           28.22
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            90.44



Financial Strength
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                          66,675
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         49,503
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                            74,887
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           57,090
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             69,834
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                          54,012
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         39,295
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         62,859
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           51,568
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           36,632
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          44,266
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                          61,453
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent fiscal                            7,377
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent quarter                           8,330
('000 USD)
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            3,529
Inventory - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                4,057
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                            6,516
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                          4,262
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                             20,875
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                           17,795
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                             132
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             68
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          1,207
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                611
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                             54,012
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                           39,295
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             216
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 156
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                           1,293
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                            245
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                            1,357
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                      (31,173)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         (4,844)
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          (22,614)
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                       (1,023)
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        10
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     34
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .02
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .05
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                          .03
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                                .02
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                    .13
(annualized)
Inventory turnover - trailing 12 month                                      .05
Net Income/employee - most recent fiscal year                     (390,470,300)
('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - most recent quarter                         (245,935,100)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - trailing 12 month ('000                     (360,064,000)
USD)
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                            36.78
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                11.75
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   9.88
Revenue/employee - most recent fiscal year                            20,293.53
Revenue/employee - most recent quarter                                36,829.44
(annualized)
Revenue/employee - trailing 12 month                                  27,339.73
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                   10.23
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                       11.61
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                           13.96
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                    .18
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                        .12
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                    .24
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                        .17
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            .24
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                             .24
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                                 .17
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                      9.69
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                         10.66
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             13.28
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                           .29
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                               .27
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                               .40
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                              .40
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                           .40
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                               .40
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                            .38
year ago
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              2.14
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              1.60
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                        -10.39
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                -14.39
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                -10.39
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                      -30.87
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                  -29.05
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                  -7.76
Capital Spending growth rate, 5 year                                       9.53
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                             35.85
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                              28.36
EPS Change % - year over year                                             13.99
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                                19.55
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          73.13
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                          -18.17
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                          35.43
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                       28.32
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                  18.97
Net Income Change % - year over year                                       2.20
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         60.67
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                          57.56
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            23.52
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          17.06
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                              -16.04
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                              -30.88
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                        -20.98
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                            53
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                               129
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            203
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                         (33,190)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                        (4,599)
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                        (27,005)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                         (30,242)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                        (33,190)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                       (4,599)
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                        (27,005)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                         (30,242)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              (30,350)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                   (4,613)
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (24,134)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             (29,057)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                          (31,671)
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  (4,368)
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                   (22,777)
Net Income available to common - most recent                           (33,190)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                            (4,599)
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                           (27,005)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                      (30,242)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                        (33,190)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                        (33,190)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                           14,695
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                            1,930
quarter ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - prior trailing                        16,870
12 month ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - trailing 12                           10,693
month ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              1,725
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                    689
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              1,660
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    2,050
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                       (33,190)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                       (27,005)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                 (855)
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                           (24,059)
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                -25.22
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                            -36.79
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                           -31.13
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                             -34.35
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                             -38.67
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                -37.63
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                            -48.41
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                           -44.75
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                             -43.18
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                             -52.87
Return on investment - 5 year average                                    -27.40
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                           -39.82
Return on investment - most recent quarter                               -33.59
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                 -41.45
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               1,920
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               1,392
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             1,833
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             1,298
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                               90
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                                14
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                               3
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                           (1,139)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                       (1,261)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                             (215)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                 (619)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                            (154)
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                         (966)
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                          (1,148)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                            (911)
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            2,185
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           1,568
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            (809)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                          (1,185)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            (163)
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                         (1,193)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                 (960)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                         (1,185)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           (163)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                               (1,193)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (960)
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                         (1,185)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           (163)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                               (1,193)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (960)
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                          (1,080)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                         (1,113)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                           (1,154)
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                          (192)
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (689)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (172)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                       (1,166)
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                              (803)
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                                 5
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                2
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                                62
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                             98
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                     24
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                 73
P/E excluding extraordinary items high, trailing                          27.09
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items low, trailing                           13.66
12 months
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                    4.94
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                        6.82
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            1.47
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                 152.60
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                      95.30
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                  55.73
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                       128.37
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                  5.10
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                               7.19
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                   1.48
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                               2.95
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.55
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              3.17
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                           -999.35
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                -1,684.51
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                      -1,110.83
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 96.90
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 98.83
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             73.13
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        80.89
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          89.96
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                      -808.57
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                      -1,924.11
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                      -2,303.12
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                               -667.77
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                         -2,007.44
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                               -1,317.00
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                         -1,929.91
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                         -2,345.63
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                     -1,074.67
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                  -669.84
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                  -1,320.35
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                            -1,924.11
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                            -2,303.12
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                          -809.07
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                     -667.77
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                     -1,317.00
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                           929.52
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                          435.34
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                            679.44
Float                                                                     25.53
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                        263,227
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             27.94
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            28.15
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          28.00
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         28.22
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          28.13
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              28.23
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                            28.06
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                              28.23
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         27.94
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            28.15
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           28.00
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           28.22
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            90.44



Growth Rates
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                          66,675
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         49,503
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                            74,887
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           57,090
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             69,834
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                          54,012
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         39,295
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         62,859
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           51,568
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           36,632
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          44,266
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                          61,453
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent fiscal                            7,377
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent quarter                           8,330
('000 USD)
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            3,529
Inventory - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                4,057
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                            6,516
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                          4,262
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                             20,875
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                           17,795
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                             132
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             68
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          1,207
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                611
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                             54,012
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                           39,295
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             216
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 156
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                           1,293
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                            245
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                            1,357
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                      (31,173)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         (4,844)
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          (22,614)
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                       (1,023)
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        10
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     34
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .02
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .05
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                          .03
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                                .02
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                    .13
(annualized)
Inventory turnover - trailing 12 month                                      .05
Net Income/employee - most recent fiscal year                     (390,470,300)
('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - most recent quarter                         (245,935,100)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - trailing 12 month ('000                     (360,064,000)
USD)
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                            36.78
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                11.75
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   9.88
Revenue/employee - most recent fiscal year                            20,293.53
Revenue/employee - most recent quarter                                36,829.44
(annualized)
Revenue/employee - trailing 12 month                                  27,339.73
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                   10.23
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                       11.61
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                           13.96
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                    .18
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                        .12
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                    .24
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                        .17
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            .24
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                             .24
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                                 .17
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                      9.69
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                         10.66
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             13.28
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                           .29
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                               .27
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                               .40
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                              .40
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                           .40
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                               .40
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                            .38
year ago
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              2.14
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              1.60
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                        -10.39
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                -14.39
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                -10.39
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                      -30.87
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                  -29.05
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                  -7.76
Capital Spending growth rate, 5 year                                       9.53
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                             35.85
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                              28.36
EPS Change % - year over year                                             13.99
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                                19.55
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          73.13
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                          -18.17
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                          35.43
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                       28.32
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                  18.97
Net Income Change % - year over year                                       2.20
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         60.67
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                          57.56
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            23.52
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          17.06
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                              -16.04
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                              -30.88
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                        -20.98
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                            53
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                               129
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            203
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                         (33,190)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                        (4,599)
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                        (27,005)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                         (30,242)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                        (33,190)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                       (4,599)
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                        (27,005)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                         (30,242)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              (30,350)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                   (4,613)
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (24,134)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             (29,057)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                          (31,671)
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  (4,368)
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                   (22,777)
Net Income available to common - most recent                           (33,190)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                            (4,599)
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                           (27,005)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                      (30,242)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                        (33,190)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                        (33,190)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                           14,695
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                            1,930
quarter ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - prior trailing                        16,870
12 month ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - trailing 12                           10,693
month ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              1,725
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                    689
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              1,660
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    2,050
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                       (33,190)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                       (27,005)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                 (855)
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                           (24,059)
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                -25.22
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                            -36.79
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                           -31.13
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                             -34.35
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                             -38.67
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                -37.63
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                            -48.41
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                           -44.75
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                             -43.18
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                             -52.87
Return on investment - 5 year average                                    -27.40
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                           -39.82
Return on investment - most recent quarter                               -33.59
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                 -41.45
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               1,920
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               1,392
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             1,833
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             1,298
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                               90
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                                14
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                               3
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                           (1,139)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                       (1,261)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                             (215)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                 (619)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                            (154)
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                         (966)
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                          (1,148)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                            (911)
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            2,185
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           1,568
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            (809)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                          (1,185)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            (163)
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                         (1,193)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                 (960)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                         (1,185)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           (163)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                               (1,193)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (960)
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                         (1,185)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           (163)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                               (1,193)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (960)
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                          (1,080)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                         (1,113)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                           (1,154)
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                          (192)
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (689)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (172)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                       (1,166)
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                              (803)
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                                 5
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                2
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                                62
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                             98
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                     24
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                 73
P/E excluding extraordinary items high, trailing                          27.09
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items low, trailing                           13.66
12 months
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                    4.94
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                        6.82
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            1.47
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                 152.60
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                      95.30
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                  55.73
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                       128.37
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                  5.10
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                               7.19
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                   1.48
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                               2.95
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.55
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              3.17
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                           -999.35
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                -1,684.51
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                      -1,110.83
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 96.90
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 98.83
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             73.13
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        80.89
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          89.96
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                      -808.57
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                      -1,924.11
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                      -2,303.12
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                               -667.77
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                         -2,007.44
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                               -1,317.00
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                         -1,929.91
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                         -2,345.63
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                     -1,074.67
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                  -669.84
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                  -1,320.35
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                            -1,924.11
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                            -2,303.12
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                          -809.07
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                     -667.77
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                     -1,317.00
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                           929.52
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                          435.34
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                            679.44
Float                                                                     25.53
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                        263,227
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             27.94
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            28.15
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          28.00
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         28.22
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          28.13
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              28.23
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                            28.06
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                              28.23
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         27.94
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            28.15
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           28.00
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           28.22
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            90.44



Income Statement
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                          66,675
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         49,503
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                            74,887
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           57,090
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             69,834
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                          54,012
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         39,295
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         62,859
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           51,568
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           36,632
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          44,266
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                          61,453
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent fiscal                            7,377
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent quarter                           8,330
('000 USD)
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            3,529
Inventory - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                4,057
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                            6,516
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                          4,262
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                             20,875
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                           17,795
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                             132
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             68
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          1,207
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                611
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                             54,012
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                           39,295
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             216
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 156
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                           1,293
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                            245
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                            1,357
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                      (31,173)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         (4,844)
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          (22,614)
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                       (1,023)
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        10
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     34
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .02
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .05
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                          .03
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                                .02
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                    .13
(annualized)
Inventory turnover - trailing 12 month                                      .05
Net Income/employee - most recent fiscal year                     (390,470,300)
('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - most recent quarter                         (245,935,100)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - trailing 12 month ('000                     (360,064,000)
USD)
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                            36.78
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                11.75
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   9.88
Revenue/employee - most recent fiscal year                            20,293.53
Revenue/employee - most recent quarter                                36,829.44
(annualized)
Revenue/employee - trailing 12 month                                  27,339.73
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                   10.23
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                       11.61
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                           13.96
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                    .18
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                        .12
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                    .24
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                        .17
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            .24
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                             .24
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                                 .17
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                      9.69
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                         10.66
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             13.28
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                           .29
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                               .27
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                               .40
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                              .40
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                           .40
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                               .40
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                            .38
year ago
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              2.14
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              1.60
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                        -10.39
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                -14.39
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                -10.39
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                      -30.87
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                  -29.05
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                  -7.76
Capital Spending growth rate, 5 year                                       9.53
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                             35.85
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                              28.36
EPS Change % - year over year                                             13.99
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                                19.55
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          73.13
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                          -18.17
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                          35.43
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                       28.32
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                  18.97
Net Income Change % - year over year                                       2.20
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         60.67
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                          57.56
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            23.52
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          17.06
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                              -16.04
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                              -30.88
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                        -20.98
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                            53
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                               129
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            203
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                         (33,190)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                        (4,599)
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                        (27,005)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                         (30,242)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                        (33,190)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                       (4,599)
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                        (27,005)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                         (30,242)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              (30,350)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                   (4,613)
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (24,134)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             (29,057)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                          (31,671)
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  (4,368)
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                   (22,777)
Net Income available to common - most recent                           (33,190)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                            (4,599)
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                           (27,005)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                      (30,242)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                        (33,190)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                        (33,190)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                           14,695
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                            1,930
quarter ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - prior trailing                        16,870
12 month ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - trailing 12                           10,693
month ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              1,725
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                    689
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              1,660
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    2,050
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                       (33,190)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                       (27,005)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                 (855)
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                           (24,059)
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                -25.22
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                            -36.79
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                           -31.13
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                             -34.35
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                             -38.67
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                -37.63
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                            -48.41
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                           -44.75
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                             -43.18
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                             -52.87
Return on investment - 5 year average                                    -27.40
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                           -39.82
Return on investment - most recent quarter                               -33.59
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                 -41.45
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               1,920
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               1,392
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             1,833
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             1,298
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                               90
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                                14
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                               3
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                           (1,139)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                       (1,261)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                             (215)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                 (619)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                            (154)
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                         (966)
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                          (1,148)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                            (911)
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            2,185
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           1,568
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            (809)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                          (1,185)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            (163)
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                         (1,193)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                 (960)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                         (1,185)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           (163)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                               (1,193)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (960)
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                         (1,185)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           (163)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                               (1,193)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (960)
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                          (1,080)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                         (1,113)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                           (1,154)
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                          (192)
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (689)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (172)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                       (1,166)
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                              (803)
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                                 5
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                2
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                                62
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                             98
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                     24
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                 73
P/E excluding extraordinary items high, trailing                          27.09
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items low, trailing                           13.66
12 months
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                    4.94
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                        6.82
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            1.47
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                 152.60
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                      95.30
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                  55.73
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                       128.37
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                  5.10
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                               7.19
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                   1.48
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                               2.95
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.55
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              3.17
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                           -999.35
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                -1,684.51
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                      -1,110.83
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 96.90
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 98.83
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             73.13
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        80.89
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          89.96
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                      -808.57
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                      -1,924.11
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                      -2,303.12
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                               -667.77
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                         -2,007.44
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                               -1,317.00
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                         -1,929.91
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                         -2,345.63
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                     -1,074.67
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                  -669.84
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                  -1,320.35
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                            -1,924.11
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                            -2,303.12
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                          -809.07
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                     -667.77
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                     -1,317.00
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                           929.52
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                          435.34
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                            679.44
Float                                                                     25.53
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                        263,227
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             27.94
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            28.15
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          28.00
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         28.22
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          28.13
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              28.23
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                            28.06
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                              28.23
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         27.94
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            28.15
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           28.00
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           28.22
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            90.44



Management Effectiveness
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                          66,675
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         49,503
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                            74,887
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           57,090
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             69,834
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                          54,012
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         39,295
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         62,859
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           51,568
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           36,632
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          44,266
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                          61,453
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent fiscal                            7,377
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent quarter                           8,330
('000 USD)
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            3,529
Inventory - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                4,057
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                            6,516
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                          4,262
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                             20,875
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                           17,795
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                             132
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             68
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          1,207
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                611
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                             54,012
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                           39,295
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             216
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 156
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                           1,293
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                            245
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                            1,357
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                      (31,173)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         (4,844)
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          (22,614)
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                       (1,023)
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        10
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     34
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .02
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .05
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                          .03
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                                .02
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                    .13
(annualized)
Inventory turnover - trailing 12 month                                      .05
Net Income/employee - most recent fiscal year                     (390,470,300)
('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - most recent quarter                         (245,935,100)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - trailing 12 month ('000                     (360,064,000)
USD)
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                            36.78
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                11.75
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   9.88
Revenue/employee - most recent fiscal year                            20,293.53
Revenue/employee - most recent quarter                                36,829.44
(annualized)
Revenue/employee - trailing 12 month                                  27,339.73
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                   10.23
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                       11.61
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                           13.96
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                    .18
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                        .12
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                    .24
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                        .17
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            .24
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                             .24
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                                 .17
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                      9.69
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                         10.66
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             13.28
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                           .29
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                               .27
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                               .40
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                              .40
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                           .40
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                               .40
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                            .38
year ago
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              2.14
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              1.60
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                        -10.39
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                -14.39
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                -10.39
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                      -30.87
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                  -29.05
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                  -7.76
Capital Spending growth rate, 5 year                                       9.53
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                             35.85
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                              28.36
EPS Change % - year over year                                             13.99
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                                19.55
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          73.13
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                          -18.17
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                          35.43
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                       28.32
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                  18.97
Net Income Change % - year over year                                       2.20
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         60.67
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                          57.56
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            23.52
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          17.06
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                              -16.04
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                              -30.88
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                        -20.98
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                            53
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                               129
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            203
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                         (33,190)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                        (4,599)
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                        (27,005)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                         (30,242)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                        (33,190)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                       (4,599)
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                        (27,005)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                         (30,242)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              (30,350)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                   (4,613)
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (24,134)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             (29,057)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                          (31,671)
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  (4,368)
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                   (22,777)
Net Income available to common - most recent                           (33,190)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                            (4,599)
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                           (27,005)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                      (30,242)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                        (33,190)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                        (33,190)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                           14,695
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                            1,930
quarter ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - prior trailing                        16,870
12 month ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - trailing 12                           10,693
month ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              1,725
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                    689
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              1,660
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    2,050
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                       (33,190)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                       (27,005)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                 (855)
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                           (24,059)
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                -25.22
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                            -36.79
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                           -31.13
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                             -34.35
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                             -38.67
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                -37.63
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                            -48.41
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                           -44.75
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                             -43.18
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                             -52.87
Return on investment - 5 year average                                    -27.40
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                           -39.82
Return on investment - most recent quarter                               -33.59
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                 -41.45
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               1,920
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               1,392
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             1,833
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             1,298
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                               90
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                                14
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                               3
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                           (1,139)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                       (1,261)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                             (215)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                 (619)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                            (154)
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                         (966)
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                          (1,148)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                            (911)
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            2,185
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           1,568
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            (809)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                          (1,185)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            (163)
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                         (1,193)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                 (960)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                         (1,185)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           (163)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                               (1,193)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (960)
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                         (1,185)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           (163)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                               (1,193)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (960)
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                          (1,080)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                         (1,113)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                           (1,154)
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                          (192)
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (689)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (172)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                       (1,166)
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                              (803)
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                                 5
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                2
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                                62
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                             98
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                     24
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                 73
P/E excluding extraordinary items high, trailing                          27.09
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items low, trailing                           13.66
12 months
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                    4.94
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                        6.82
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            1.47
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                 152.60
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                      95.30
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                  55.73
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                       128.37
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                  5.10
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                               7.19
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                   1.48
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                               2.95
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.55
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              3.17
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                           -999.35
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                -1,684.51
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                      -1,110.83
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 96.90
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 98.83
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             73.13
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        80.89
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          89.96
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                      -808.57
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                      -1,924.11
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                      -2,303.12
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                               -667.77
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                         -2,007.44
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                               -1,317.00
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                         -1,929.91
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                         -2,345.63
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                     -1,074.67
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                  -669.84
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                  -1,320.35
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                            -1,924.11
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                            -2,303.12
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                          -809.07
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                     -667.77
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                     -1,317.00
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                           929.52
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                          435.34
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                            679.44
Float                                                                     25.53
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                        263,227
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             27.94
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            28.15
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          28.00
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         28.22
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          28.13
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              28.23
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                            28.06
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                              28.23
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         27.94
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            28.15
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           28.00
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           28.22
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            90.44



Per Share Ratios
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                          66,675
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         49,503
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                            74,887
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           57,090
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             69,834
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                          54,012
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         39,295
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         62,859
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           51,568
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           36,632
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          44,266
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                          61,453
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent fiscal                            7,377
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent quarter                           8,330
('000 USD)
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            3,529
Inventory - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                4,057
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                            6,516
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                          4,262
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                             20,875
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                           17,795
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                             132
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             68
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          1,207
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                611
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                             54,012
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                           39,295
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             216
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 156
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                           1,293
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                            245
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                            1,357
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                      (31,173)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         (4,844)
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          (22,614)
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                       (1,023)
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        10
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     34
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .02
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .05
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                          .03
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                                .02
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                    .13
(annualized)
Inventory turnover - trailing 12 month                                      .05
Net Income/employee - most recent fiscal year                     (390,470,300)
('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - most recent quarter                         (245,935,100)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - trailing 12 month ('000                     (360,064,000)
USD)
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                            36.78
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                11.75
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   9.88
Revenue/employee - most recent fiscal year                            20,293.53
Revenue/employee - most recent quarter                                36,829.44
(annualized)
Revenue/employee - trailing 12 month                                  27,339.73
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                   10.23
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                       11.61
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                           13.96
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                    .18
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                        .12
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                    .24
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                        .17
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            .24
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                             .24
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                                 .17
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                      9.69
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                         10.66
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             13.28
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                           .29
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                               .27
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                               .40
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                              .40
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                           .40
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                               .40
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                            .38
year ago
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              2.14
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              1.60
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                        -10.39
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                -14.39
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                -10.39
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                      -30.87
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                  -29.05
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                  -7.76
Capital Spending growth rate, 5 year                                       9.53
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                             35.85
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                              28.36
EPS Change % - year over year                                             13.99
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                                19.55
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          73.13
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                          -18.17
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                          35.43
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                       28.32
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                  18.97
Net Income Change % - year over year                                       2.20
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         60.67
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                          57.56
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            23.52
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          17.06
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                              -16.04
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                              -30.88
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                        -20.98
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                            53
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                               129
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            203
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                         (33,190)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                        (4,599)
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                        (27,005)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                         (30,242)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                        (33,190)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                       (4,599)
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                        (27,005)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                         (30,242)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              (30,350)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                   (4,613)
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (24,134)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             (29,057)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                          (31,671)
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  (4,368)
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                   (22,777)
Net Income available to common - most recent                           (33,190)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                            (4,599)
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                           (27,005)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                      (30,242)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                        (33,190)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                        (33,190)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                           14,695
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                            1,930
quarter ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - prior trailing                        16,870
12 month ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - trailing 12                           10,693
month ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              1,725
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                    689
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              1,660
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    2,050
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                       (33,190)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                       (27,005)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                 (855)
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                           (24,059)
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                -25.22
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                            -36.79
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                           -31.13
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                             -34.35
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                             -38.67
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                -37.63
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                            -48.41
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                           -44.75
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                             -43.18
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                             -52.87
Return on investment - 5 year average                                    -27.40
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                           -39.82
Return on investment - most recent quarter                               -33.59
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                 -41.45
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               1,920
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               1,392
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             1,833
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             1,298
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                               90
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                                14
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                               3
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                           (1,139)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                       (1,261)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                             (215)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                 (619)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                            (154)
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                         (966)
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                          (1,148)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                            (911)
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            2,185
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           1,568
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            (809)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                          (1,185)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            (163)
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                         (1,193)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                 (960)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                         (1,185)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           (163)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                               (1,193)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (960)
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                         (1,185)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           (163)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                               (1,193)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (960)
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                          (1,080)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                         (1,113)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                           (1,154)
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                          (192)
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (689)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (172)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                       (1,166)
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                              (803)
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                                 5
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                2
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                                62
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                             98
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                     24
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                 73
P/E excluding extraordinary items high, trailing                          27.09
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items low, trailing                           13.66
12 months
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                    4.94
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                        6.82
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            1.47
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                 152.60
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                      95.30
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                  55.73
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                       128.37
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                  5.10
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                               7.19
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                   1.48
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                               2.95
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.55
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              3.17
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                           -999.35
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                -1,684.51
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                      -1,110.83
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 96.90
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 98.83
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             73.13
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        80.89
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          89.96
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                      -808.57
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                      -1,924.11
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                      -2,303.12
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                               -667.77
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                         -2,007.44
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                               -1,317.00
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                         -1,929.91
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                         -2,345.63
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                     -1,074.67
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                  -669.84
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                  -1,320.35
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                            -1,924.11
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                            -2,303.12
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                          -809.07
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                     -667.77
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                     -1,317.00
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                           929.52
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                          435.34
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                            679.44
Float                                                                     25.53
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                        263,227
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             27.94
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            28.15
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          28.00
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         28.22
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          28.13
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              28.23
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                            28.06
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                              28.23
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         27.94
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            28.15
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           28.00
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           28.22
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            90.44



Price Related
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                          66,675
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         49,503
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                            74,887
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           57,090
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             69,834
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                          54,012
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         39,295
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         62,859
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           51,568
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           36,632
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          44,266
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                          61,453
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent fiscal                            7,377
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent quarter                           8,330
('000 USD)
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            3,529
Inventory - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                4,057
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                            6,516
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                          4,262
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                             20,875
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                           17,795
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                             132
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             68
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          1,207
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                611
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                             54,012
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                           39,295
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             216
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 156
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                           1,293
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                            245
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                            1,357
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                      (31,173)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         (4,844)
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          (22,614)
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                       (1,023)
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        10
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     34
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .02
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .05
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                          .03
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                                .02
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                    .13
(annualized)
Inventory turnover - trailing 12 month                                      .05
Net Income/employee - most recent fiscal year                     (390,470,300)
('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - most recent quarter                         (245,935,100)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - trailing 12 month ('000                     (360,064,000)
USD)
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                            36.78
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                11.75
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   9.88
Revenue/employee - most recent fiscal year                            20,293.53
Revenue/employee - most recent quarter                                36,829.44
(annualized)
Revenue/employee - trailing 12 month                                  27,339.73
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                   10.23
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                       11.61
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                           13.96
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                    .18
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                        .12
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                    .24
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                        .17
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            .24
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                             .24
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                                 .17
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                      9.69
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                         10.66
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             13.28
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                           .29
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                               .27
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                               .40
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                              .40
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                           .40
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                               .40
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                            .38
year ago
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              2.14
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              1.60
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                        -10.39
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                -14.39
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                -10.39
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                      -30.87
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                  -29.05
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                  -7.76
Capital Spending growth rate, 5 year                                       9.53
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                             35.85
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                              28.36
EPS Change % - year over year                                             13.99
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                                19.55
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          73.13
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                          -18.17
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                          35.43
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                       28.32
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                  18.97
Net Income Change % - year over year                                       2.20
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         60.67
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                          57.56
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            23.52
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          17.06
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                              -16.04
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                              -30.88
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                        -20.98
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                            53
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                               129
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            203
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                         (33,190)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                        (4,599)
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                        (27,005)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                         (30,242)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                        (33,190)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                       (4,599)
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                        (27,005)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                         (30,242)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              (30,350)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                   (4,613)
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (24,134)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             (29,057)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                          (31,671)
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  (4,368)
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                   (22,777)
Net Income available to common - most recent                           (33,190)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                            (4,599)
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                           (27,005)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                      (30,242)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                        (33,190)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                        (33,190)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                           14,695
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                            1,930
quarter ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - prior trailing                        16,870
12 month ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - trailing 12                           10,693
month ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              1,725
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                    689
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              1,660
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    2,050
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                       (33,190)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                       (27,005)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                 (855)
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                           (24,059)
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                -25.22
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                            -36.79
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                           -31.13
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                             -34.35
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                             -38.67
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                -37.63
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                            -48.41
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                           -44.75
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                             -43.18
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                             -52.87
Return on investment - 5 year average                                    -27.40
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                           -39.82
Return on investment - most recent quarter                               -33.59
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                 -41.45
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               1,920
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               1,392
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             1,833
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             1,298
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                               90
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                                14
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                               3
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                           (1,139)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                       (1,261)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                             (215)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                 (619)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                            (154)
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                         (966)
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                          (1,148)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                            (911)
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            2,185
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           1,568
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            (809)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                          (1,185)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            (163)
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                         (1,193)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                 (960)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                         (1,185)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           (163)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                               (1,193)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (960)
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                         (1,185)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           (163)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                               (1,193)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (960)
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                          (1,080)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                         (1,113)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                           (1,154)
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                          (192)
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (689)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (172)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                       (1,166)
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                              (803)
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                                 5
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                2
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                                62
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                             98
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                     24
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                 73
P/E excluding extraordinary items high, trailing                          27.09
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items low, trailing                           13.66
12 months
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                    4.94
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                        6.82
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            1.47
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                 152.60
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                      95.30
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                  55.73
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                       128.37
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                  5.10
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                               7.19
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                   1.48
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                               2.95
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.55
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              3.17
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                           -999.35
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                -1,684.51
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                      -1,110.83
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 96.90
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 98.83
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             73.13
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        80.89
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          89.96
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                      -808.57
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                      -1,924.11
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                      -2,303.12
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                               -667.77
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                         -2,007.44
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                               -1,317.00
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                         -1,929.91
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                         -2,345.63
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                     -1,074.67
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                  -669.84
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                  -1,320.35
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                            -1,924.11
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                            -2,303.12
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                          -809.07
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                     -667.77
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                     -1,317.00
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                           929.52
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                          435.34
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                            679.44
Float                                                                     25.53
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                        263,227
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             27.94
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            28.15
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          28.00
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         28.22
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          28.13
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              28.23
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                            28.06
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                              28.23
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         27.94
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            28.15
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           28.00
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           28.22
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            90.44



Profitability Ratios
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                          66,675
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         49,503
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                            74,887
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           57,090
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             69,834
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                          54,012
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         39,295
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         62,859
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           51,568
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           36,632
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          44,266
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                          61,453
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent fiscal                            7,377
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent quarter                           8,330
('000 USD)
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            3,529
Inventory - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                4,057
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                            6,516
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                          4,262
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                             20,875
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                           17,795
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                             132
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             68
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          1,207
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                611
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                             54,012
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                           39,295
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             216
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 156
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                           1,293
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                            245
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                            1,357
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                      (31,173)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         (4,844)
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          (22,614)
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                       (1,023)
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        10
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     34
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .02
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .05
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                          .03
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                                .02
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                    .13
(annualized)
Inventory turnover - trailing 12 month                                      .05
Net Income/employee - most recent fiscal year                     (390,470,300)
('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - most recent quarter                         (245,935,100)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - trailing 12 month ('000                     (360,064,000)
USD)
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                            36.78
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                11.75
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   9.88
Revenue/employee - most recent fiscal year                            20,293.53
Revenue/employee - most recent quarter                                36,829.44
(annualized)
Revenue/employee - trailing 12 month                                  27,339.73
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                   10.23
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                       11.61
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                           13.96
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                    .18
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                        .12
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                    .24
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                        .17
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            .24
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                             .24
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                                 .17
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                      9.69
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                         10.66
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             13.28
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                           .29
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                               .27
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                               .40
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                              .40
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                           .40
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                               .40
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                            .38
year ago
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              2.14
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              1.60
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                        -10.39
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                -14.39
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                -10.39
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                      -30.87
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                  -29.05
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                  -7.76
Capital Spending growth rate, 5 year                                       9.53
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                             35.85
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                              28.36
EPS Change % - year over year                                             13.99
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                                19.55
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          73.13
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                          -18.17
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                          35.43
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                       28.32
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                  18.97
Net Income Change % - year over year                                       2.20
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         60.67
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                          57.56
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            23.52
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          17.06
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                              -16.04
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                              -30.88
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                        -20.98
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                            53
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                               129
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            203
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                         (33,190)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                        (4,599)
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                        (27,005)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                         (30,242)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                        (33,190)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                       (4,599)
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                        (27,005)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                         (30,242)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              (30,350)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                   (4,613)
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (24,134)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             (29,057)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                          (31,671)
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  (4,368)
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                   (22,777)
Net Income available to common - most recent                           (33,190)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                            (4,599)
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                           (27,005)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                      (30,242)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                        (33,190)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                        (33,190)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                           14,695
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                            1,930
quarter ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - prior trailing                        16,870
12 month ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - trailing 12                           10,693
month ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              1,725
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                    689
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              1,660
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    2,050
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                       (33,190)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                       (27,005)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                 (855)
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                           (24,059)
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                -25.22
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                            -36.79
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                           -31.13
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                             -34.35
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                             -38.67
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                -37.63
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                            -48.41
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                           -44.75
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                             -43.18
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                             -52.87
Return on investment - 5 year average                                    -27.40
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                           -39.82
Return on investment - most recent quarter                               -33.59
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                 -41.45
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               1,920
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               1,392
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             1,833
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             1,298
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                               90
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                                14
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                               3
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                           (1,139)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                       (1,261)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                             (215)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                 (619)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                            (154)
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                         (966)
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                          (1,148)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                            (911)
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            2,185
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           1,568
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            (809)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                          (1,185)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            (163)
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                         (1,193)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                 (960)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                         (1,185)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           (163)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                               (1,193)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (960)
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                         (1,185)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           (163)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                               (1,193)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (960)
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                          (1,080)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                         (1,113)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                           (1,154)
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                          (192)
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (689)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (172)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                       (1,166)
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                              (803)
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                                 5
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                2
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                                62
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                             98
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                     24
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                 73
P/E excluding extraordinary items high, trailing                          27.09
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items low, trailing                           13.66
12 months
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                    4.94
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                        6.82
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            1.47
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                 152.60
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                      95.30
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                  55.73
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                       128.37
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                  5.10
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                               7.19
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                   1.48
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                               2.95
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.55
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              3.17
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                           -999.35
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                -1,684.51
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                      -1,110.83
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 96.90
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 98.83
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             73.13
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        80.89
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          89.96
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                      -808.57
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                      -1,924.11
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                      -2,303.12
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                               -667.77
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                         -2,007.44
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                               -1,317.00
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                         -1,929.91
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                         -2,345.63
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                     -1,074.67
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                  -669.84
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                  -1,320.35
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                            -1,924.11
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                            -2,303.12
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                          -809.07
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                     -667.77
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                     -1,317.00
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                           929.52
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                          435.34
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                            679.44
Float                                                                     25.53
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                        263,227
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             27.94
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            28.15
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          28.00
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         28.22
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          28.13
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              28.23
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                            28.06
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                              28.23
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         27.94
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            28.15
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           28.00
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           28.22
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            90.44



Share Related Items
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                          66,675
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         49,503
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                            74,887
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           57,090
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             69,834
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                          54,012
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         39,295
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         62,859
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           51,568
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           36,632
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          44,266
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                          61,453
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent fiscal                            7,377
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent quarter                           8,330
('000 USD)
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            3,529
Inventory - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                4,057
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                            6,516
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                          4,262
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                             20,875
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                           17,795
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                             132
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             68
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          1,207
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                611
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                             54,012
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                           39,295
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             216
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 156
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                           1,293
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                            245
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                            1,357
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                      (31,173)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         (4,844)
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          (22,614)
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                       (1,023)
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        10
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     34
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .02
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .05
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                          .03
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                                .02
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                    .13
(annualized)
Inventory turnover - trailing 12 month                                      .05
Net Income/employee - most recent fiscal year                     (390,470,300)
('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - most recent quarter                         (245,935,100)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - trailing 12 month ('000                     (360,064,000)
USD)
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                            36.78
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                11.75
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   9.88
Revenue/employee - most recent fiscal year                            20,293.53
Revenue/employee - most recent quarter                                36,829.44
(annualized)
Revenue/employee - trailing 12 month                                  27,339.73
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                   10.23
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                       11.61
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                           13.96
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                    .18
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                        .12
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                    .24
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                        .17
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            .24
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                             .24
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                                 .17
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                      9.69
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                         10.66
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             13.28
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                           .29
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                               .27
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                               .40
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                              .40
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                           .40
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                               .40
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                            .38
year ago
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              2.14
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              1.60
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                        -10.39
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                -14.39
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                -10.39
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                      -30.87
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                  -29.05
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                  -7.76
Capital Spending growth rate, 5 year                                       9.53
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                             35.85
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                              28.36
EPS Change % - year over year                                             13.99
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                                19.55
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          73.13
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                          -18.17
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                          35.43
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                       28.32
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                  18.97
Net Income Change % - year over year                                       2.20
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         60.67
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                          57.56
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            23.52
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          17.06
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                              -16.04
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                              -30.88
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                        -20.98
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                            53
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                               129
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            203
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                         (33,190)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                        (4,599)
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                        (27,005)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                         (30,242)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                        (33,190)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                       (4,599)
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                        (27,005)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                         (30,242)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              (30,350)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                   (4,613)
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (24,134)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             (29,057)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                          (31,671)
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  (4,368)
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                   (22,777)
Net Income available to common - most recent                           (33,190)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                            (4,599)
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                           (27,005)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                      (30,242)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                        (33,190)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                        (33,190)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                           14,695
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                            1,930
quarter ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - prior trailing                        16,870
12 month ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - trailing 12                           10,693
month ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              1,725
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                    689
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              1,660
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    2,050
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                       (33,190)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                       (27,005)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                 (855)
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                           (24,059)
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                -25.22
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                            -36.79
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                           -31.13
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                             -34.35
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                             -38.67
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                -37.63
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                            -48.41
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                           -44.75
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                             -43.18
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                             -52.87
Return on investment - 5 year average                                    -27.40
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                           -39.82
Return on investment - most recent quarter                               -33.59
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                 -41.45
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               1,920
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               1,392
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             1,833
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             1,298
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                               90
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                                14
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                               3
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                           (1,139)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                       (1,261)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                             (215)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                 (619)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                            (154)
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                         (966)
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                          (1,148)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                            (911)
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            2,185
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           1,568
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            (809)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                          (1,185)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            (163)
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                         (1,193)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                 (960)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                         (1,185)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           (163)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                               (1,193)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (960)
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                         (1,185)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           (163)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                               (1,193)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (960)
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                          (1,080)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                         (1,113)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                           (1,154)
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                          (192)
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (689)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (172)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                       (1,166)
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                              (803)
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                                 5
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                2
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                                62
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                             98
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                     24
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                 73
P/E excluding extraordinary items high, trailing                          27.09
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items low, trailing                           13.66
12 months
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                    4.94
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                        6.82
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            1.47
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                 152.60
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                      95.30
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                  55.73
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                       128.37
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                  5.10
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                               7.19
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                   1.48
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                               2.95
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.55
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              3.17
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                           -999.35
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                -1,684.51
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                      -1,110.83
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 96.90
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 98.83
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             73.13
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        80.89
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          89.96
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                      -808.57
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                      -1,924.11
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                      -2,303.12
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                               -667.77
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                         -2,007.44
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                               -1,317.00
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                         -1,929.91
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                         -2,345.63
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                     -1,074.67
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                  -669.84
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                  -1,320.35
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                            -1,924.11
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                            -2,303.12
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                          -809.07
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                     -667.77
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                     -1,317.00
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                           929.52
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                          435.34
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                            679.44
Float                                                                     25.53
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                        263,227
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             27.94
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            28.15
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          28.00
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         28.22
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          28.13
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              28.23
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                            28.06
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                              28.23
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         27.94
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            28.15
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           28.00
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           28.22
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            90.44

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
SECURITY TYPE: Ordinary Shares
EXCHANGE: NASDAQ
TOTAL SHARES OUTSTANDING: 28,225,241
LISTING TYPE:  Ordinary Shares

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: Ernst & Young LLP

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2017


                             111 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                           November 9, 2016 Wednesday

Head Line: US Patent granted to Medtronic Vascular, Inc (California) on November
8, 2016 titled as "Balloon expandable stent graft and apparatus and method for
expanding a balloon expandable stent graft"

LENGTH: 181 words

DATELINE: New York


ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no.
9,486,346 on November 8, 2016, to Medtronic Vascular, Inc (California) titled as
"Balloon expandable stent graft and apparatus and method for expanding a balloon
expandable stent graft"

Inventors: Argentine; Jeffery (Santa Rosa, CA)


Assignee: Medtronic Vascular, Inc. (Santa Rosa, CA) (California)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
stent-graft delivery system includes a balloon, a sleeve disposed over the
balloon, and a stent graft mounted over the sleeve. The sleeve includes a
weakened area between a first end and a second end of the sleeve such that when
the balloon is expanded, the balloon expands from a center portion of the
balloon towards the ends of the balloon. The weakened area of the sleeve may be
a slit, a thinner wall section, grooves, notches, or other weakening features.
The sleeve may be adhesively attached to an outer shaft of the catheter or to an
outer surface of the balloon."

The patent was filed on March 1, 2013 Application No. 13/782,627


LOAD-DATE: November 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             112 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 13, 2014 Thursday

USPTO Published Patent application of CreatiVasco Medical, LLc titled as
"Arteriovenous Access Valve System and Process"

LENGTH: 212  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an application no.
20140336558, published on November 13, 2014, by CreatiVasco Medical, LLc, titled
as "Arteriovenous Access Valve System and Process" for the registration of
patent.

Inventors:   Cull; David L.; (Greenville, SC)
Assignee: CreatiVasco Medical, LLc

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "An
arteriovenous graft system is described. The arteriovenous graft system includes
an arteriovenous graft that is well suited for use during hemodialysis. In order
to minimize or prevent arterial steal, at least one valve device is positioned
at the arterial end of the arteriovenous graft. In one embodiment, for instance,
the arteriovenous graft system includes a first valve device positioned at the
arterial end and a second valve device positioned at the venous end. In one
embodiment, the valve devices may include an inflatable balloon that, when
inflated, constricts and closes off the arteriovenous graft. If desired, a
single actuator can be used to open and close both valve devices."

The Patent was filed on July 25, 2014 under application No. 20140336558

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             113 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                            February 13, 2017 Monday

C. R. BARD, INC. applies for US Patent titled as "FLEXIBLE STRETCH STENT-GRAFT"

LENGTH: 207 words

DATELINE: New York


ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an
application no. 20170035548 for US Patent, published on February 9, 2017, by C.
R. BARD, INC., titled as "FLEXIBLE STRETCH STENT-GRAFT"  for the registration of
patent.



Inventors: Bebb; Debra A.; (Chandler, AZ) ; Cundy; Sandra M.; (Mesa, AZ) ; Dorn;
Jurgen; (Neulussheim, DE)

Applicant: C. R. BARD, INC.   Tempe   AZ   US

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
stent device includes a first graft member, a second graft member and a stent
frame defining a central axis. The frame has an abluminal surface engaged with
the first graft member and a luminal surface engaged with the second graft
member such that the first graft member and the second graft member encapsulates
the stent frame along the length of the central axis. The stent frame includes a
configuration where the stent frame is disposed on a curvature such that the
abluminal surface has a radius of curvature of approximately 20 millimeters
about a center of the curvature and the luminal surface defines a substantially
constant effective cross-sectional area at any portion generally transverse to
the central axis of the stent frame disposed about the curvature."


LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             114 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 22, 2014 Friday

US Patent granted to Graft Technologies, Inc. (Texas) on August 19 titled as
"System and method for providing a graft in a vascular environment"

LENGTH: 242  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 8,808,362, on
August 19, 2014, to Graft Technologies, Inc. (Texas), titled as "System and
method for providing a graft in a vascular environment"

Inventors: Anwar; Azam (Dallas, TX), Feghali; Georges A. (Ocean Springs, MS),
Johnson; Kenneth B. (Dallas, TX)
Assignee: Graft Technologies, Inc. (Dallas, TX)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "An
apparatus is provided that includes a graft for coupling two vascular conduits
within a patient. The graft includes: 1) an anchor system that forms an arc at
one end of the conduits; and 2) a body element coupled to the anchor system. The
anchor system comprises a biodegradable stent. In particular embodiments,
portions of the graft are either self-expandable or balloon-expandable. In still
other embodiments, anchor system includes NITINOL and the anchor system is
substantially self-sealing at one end of the conduits. In one embodiment, the
body element comprises polytetrafluoroethylene (PTFE) or expanded
polytetrafluoroethylene (EPTFE). In yet other embodiments, the body element
includes either a gelatinous or an elastomeric coating disposed on its surface."

The patent was filed on April 8, 2010 Application no. 12/756,361

For more information please visit: http://www.uspto.gov/. In case of any query
regarding this article or other content needs please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             115 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Medical Device Daily

                            January 30, 2006 Monday

International report

LENGTH: 1069 words

International report

Infuse Bone Graft and related devices approved in Australia

A Medical Device Daily Staff Report   Medtronic Sofamor Danek (Memphis,
Tennessee) reported that the Australian Therapeutic Goods Administration
approved the company's Infuse Bone Graft/LT-Cage, Inter Fix and Inter Fix RP
devices for spinal fusion, making the Infuse Bone Graft product available in
that country.

The Infuse Bone Graft/LT-Cage device consists of a small, hollow, threaded,
tapered metal cylinder and a bone graft substitute. It is designed to restore
degenerated disc space to its original height, relieving pressure on the nerves.

During surgical procedures, two of the cages are placed side-by-side. The cages
are filled with Infuse Bone Graft material, which consists of recombinant human
bone morphogenetic protein 2 (rhBMP-2) and an absorbable collagen sponge (ACS).

The protein, which stimulates bone formation, is a genetically engineered
version of a natural protein normally found in small quantities in the body.
During surgery, the protein solution is soaked into the ACS. The ACS acts as a
scaffold for the formation of new bone. Over time the sponge resorbs in the
body.

"Infuse Bone Graft/LT-Cage allows Australian spinal surgery patients access to a
treatment that eliminates painful bone graft harvesting [while] at the same time
creating a fusion," said Dr. Peter McCombe of St. Andrew's War Memorial Hospital
(Brisbane, Australia).

Medtronic Sofamor Danek said Infuse Bone Graft is the only bone graft
replacement with FDA approval specifically for use in lumbar spinal fusion
procedures to treat degenerative disc disease. The product also can make spinal
fusion easier on patients by eliminating the traditional bone harvesting from a
patient's hip, according to the company.

Aseptic liquid-transfer agreement   Aseptic Technologies (Les Isnes, Belgium)
and Sartorius (Goettingen, Germany) have launched a global distribution
agreement for an aseptic liquid-transfer system developed by Aseptic
Technologies.

The system comprises an optimized transfer port and disposable presterilized
connection device, and facilitates risk-free transfer of sterile liquid to and
from a contained area.

The companies said the system has been developed to allow transfer of sterile
liquid through any type of walls that separate two areas with different levels
of containment. Applications include transfer from an external area to a
cleanroom, transfer from within a cleanroom to isolators used as barriers or
transfer inside incubators.

Benoit Verjans, commercial director at Aseptic, said, "Sartorius has the
capabilities, the vision and the experience to make such a technology available
to all manufacturers from various areas, such as the pharmaceutical, biotech and
food industries."

Sartorius has exclusive rights to distribute Aseptic Technologies' system on a
global basis. The companies plan to co-develop new products based on the
connector technology to further expand applications for risk-free liquid
transfer.

CTLM results featured at Arab Health   Imaging Diagnostic Systems (IDSI; Fort
Lauderdale, Florida) included reports on an array of computed tomography (CT)
laser breast imaging clinical results during last week's Arab Health 2006
conference in Dubai, United Arab Emirates. The company presented clinical cases
compared to mammography, ultrasound and MRI from a number of sites where its CT
Laser Mammography (CTLM) technology is used.

Janusz Ostrowski, vice president of international sales, said of IDSI's
involvement in the event: "Through our attendance, we are reinforcing the
clinical value of CTLM breast exams to women in the Middle East and supporting
our customers in the region."

Arab Health is the largest healthcare exhibition in the Middle East, with
upwards of 28,000 attendees.

The CTLM system is the first breast imaging system that uses laser technology
and patented algorithms to create 3-D cross-sectional images of the breast. The
non-invasive examination that does not expose the patient to radiation or
require breast compression.

Imaging Diagnostic Systems has received CE marking of the system, along with
approval in Canada and China. It is seeking FDA premarket approval for use of
CTLM as an adjunct to mammography.

MSI cites sales activity in China, UAE   Medical Services International (MSI;
Edmonton, Alberta) said it has signed an agreement to start shipping VScan test
kits into Anhui Province in China. MSI said the accord with a private hospital
in the province covers its test kits for HIV, hepatitis B & C and tuberculosis.

Based on discussions with officials from the hospital, the company said it
anticipates that the hospital will require a minimum of 500,000 to 600,000 test
kits per year.

MSI also reported that its distributors on site at the Arab Health 2006
conference in the United Arab Emirates had been busy taking orders for VScan
products.

Lifeline gets Chinese MastaScope order   Lifeline Biotechnologies (Reno, Nevada)
said it has received a $27,000 purchase order for the MastaScope from its
Chinese distributor, Shanghai Science Medical Equipment Co.

"This order is the result of what has been a concerted sales effort by Shanghai
Science Medical Equipment in introducing the MastaScope to physicians, hospitals
and clinics throughout China. We are expecting an increase in orders throughout
2006," said Jim Holmes, CEO of Lifeline Biotechnologies.

Shanghai Science Medical Equipment has sales representation in 17 of China's 26
provinces. The MastaScope received approval from Chinese regulatory authorities
last year.

Distributor named for Chembio in Tanzania   Chembio Diagnostics (Medford, New
York) said it has named Anudha Ltd. to distribute the company's rapid HIV tests
in Tanzania. Chembio, whose HIV Stat-Pak Dipstick is part of the national
testing protocol in Uganda, established a regional office in Tanzania in June
2005 led by Dr. Jay Drosin.

The company said it believes there will be "a significant scale-up in the demand
for rapid HIV tests in Tanzania and other countries in the region that have been
ravaged by AIDS."

Tanzania is one of fifty countries worldwide that is part of the Clinton
HIV/AIDS Initiative Procurement Consortium. Chembio said it was recently
selected by the Clinton HIV/AIDS Initiative as one of four global suppliers to
those countries.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                          Copyright 2006 AHC Media LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             116 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Medical Device Daily

                             April 19, 2005 Tuesday

Deals roundup

LENGTH: 636 words


Deals roundup

Boston Sci buys TriVascular; LifePoint, Province in merger

A Medical Device Daily Staff Report  Boston Scientific (Natick, Massachusetts)
said it has acquired TriVascular (Santa Rosa, California), a privately held
company that develops less-invasive medical devices and medical procedures for
treating abdominal aortic ane-urysms (AAA).

The company formally exercised an exclusive option to acquire TriVascular that
it obtained in December 2002. Terms of the deal were not disclosed.

TriVascular successfully completed its first human implant of its AAA stent-
graft in 2002 and clinical experience to date on 78 patients has shown promising
results in Phase I studies. The U.S. Phase II pivotal trial is planned to begin
this year, and commercialization within the U.S. is expected in 2008. CE mark
approval also is expected this year. In addition, TriVascular is in the early
stages of developing a thoracic aortic stent-graft, built on the same platform
as the AAA stent-graft.

"TriVascular has made tremendous progress in the development of a durable stent-
graft that we believe will offer a new solution for both our surgical and
interventional customers," said Paul LaViolette, Boston Scientific chief
operating officer. "The TriVascular AAA device reflects our commitment to bring
more innovative products and add markets to our growing portfolio of
cardiovascular solutions."

The market for AAA stent-grafts was estimated at about $370 million in 2004.
However, market evolution and penetration has been limited. Of the 1.7 million
patients in the U.S. estimated to have aortic aneurysmal disease, only 360,000
(21%) are diagnosed and just 60,000 (3.5%) receive some form of treatment. Many
believe the market could triple by 2008 with the introduction of a device that
offers less-invasive placement and the improved durability required to decrease
the incidence of re-intervention.

LifePoint Hospitals and Province Healthcare (both Brentwood, Tennessee) have
completed their merger. The companies signed a definitive agreement for
LifePoint to acquire Province Healthcare for about $1.7 billion in cash, stock
and the assumption of debt last August.

LifePoint stockholders and Province Healthcare stockholders approved the merger
at special meetings, each held on March 28. Headquartered in Brentwood, the new
company, LifePoint Hospitals, began trading on the Nasdaq National Market under
the ticker symbol LPNT.

"Through this acquisition, we will achieve geographic diversification of
revenues and assets with reduced reliance on certain key states such as Kentucky
and Tennessee," said Kenneth Donahey, LifePoint's chairman, president and CEO.

In connection with the merger, LifePoint Hospitals also said it has purchased
all of the roughly $172 million aggregate principal amount of Province
Healthcare's 4-1/4% convertible subordinated notes due 2008 that were tendered
prior to the expiration at midnight on April 14, of its previously announced
tender offer for the 4-1/4% notes.

In addition, LifePoint reported that, in connection with a previously announced
tender offer and consent solicitation, Province Healthcare has repurchased about
$194 million of the $200 million outstanding principal amount of its 7-1/2%
senior subordinated notes due 2013.

In connection with the merger, Province Healthcare also has called for
redemption all of the $75,970,000 outstanding principal amount of its 4-1/2%
convertible subordinated notes due 2005, at a redemption price of 100.9% of the
principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the
redemption date, which is May 16.

LifePoint Hospitals is focused on providing healthcare services in non-urban
communities, with 50 hospitals, some 5,285 licensed beds and combined revenues
of about $1.9 billion in 2004.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                          Copyright 2005 AHC Media LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             117 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                              March 4, 2005 Friday

Obituary: June M. Graft;
May 29, 1942 -- March 2, 2005

SECTION: OBITUARIES

LENGTH: 301 words



SOUTH BEND -- June M. Graft, 62, of North Sunnyside Avenue, South Bend, passed
away at 1:24 p.m. Wednesday, March 2, 2005, in the Saint Joseph Regional Medical
Center after an extended illness.

June was born on May 29, 1942, in Kalamazoo, MI, and resided in the Michiana
area since 1965, coming from Kalamazoo, MI. On October 3, 1976, as June M.
Weston Wilson, she married H. Frank Graft, who preceded her in death on Jan. 24,
2000.

Mrs. Graft was a registered nurse having worked in the medical field for several
years prior to being employed by the Kroger Company which she retired from after
28 years of service in 2003.

June is survived by two daughters, Vickie J. Landrum and Lisa M. Graft, both of
South Bend; a son, Ronald L. (Jennifer) Wilson II of Osceola, Ind.; two
stepdaughters, Terrie Graft and Debbie Stephens, both of Valparaiso, IN; a
stepson, Robbie Graft of Valparaiso, IN; three sisters, Sally Hershleb of Three
Rivers, MI, Judy Dinda and Carol Weston of Kalamazoo, Mich.; a brother, Claude
Weston of Paw Paw, MI; and eight grandchildren, whom she loved and cherished.

June was a former secretary for the South Bend Police FOP Lodge #36 Ladies
Auxiliary.

Visitation hours will be from 4 to 8 p.m. Friday, March 4, in the Hanley & Sons
"Southwest Chapel" Funeral Home, located at West Ireland Road/Indiana 23, South
Bend.

Funeral services will take place at 11 a.m. Saturday, March 5, in the funeral
home. Entombment will take place at Fairview Cemetery, Mishawaka, IN.

The family request that all memorial contributions be made to Hospice of St.
Joseph County or to Saint Anthony de Padua Catholic Church.

The HANLEY  & Sons "Southwest Chapel" Funeral Home handled arrangements and
services and extend deepest sympathy and heartfelt prayers to the Graft family.


LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                 Copyright 2005 South Bend Tribune Corporation


                             118 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 7, 2014 Friday

US Patent granted to Medtronic Vascular, Inc (California) on November 04, titled
as "Self-flaring active fixation element for a stent graft"

LENGTH: 264  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 8,876,883, on
November 04, 2014, to Medtronic Vascular, Inc (California), titled as
"Self-flaring active fixation element for a stent graft"

Inventors:  Rust; Matthew (Santa Rosa, CA)
Assignee:  Medtronic Vascular, Inc. (Santa Rosa, CA)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
stent graft includes a stent graft material of tubular shape and annular shaped
stent elements coupled to the stent graft material. The stent graft further
includes hooked fixation elements, having hook-end portions and coupling-end,
circumferentially spaced about an annular shaped spring attachment element, and
coupled to the stent graft at apexes of the spring attachment element. Before
deployment the hook-end portions of the apexes of the attachment element and the
hooked fixation elements attached thereto are compressed within the space
bounded by the interior and exterior sides of the spring attachment element and
angled laser cut strut inner surfaces under each apex of the spring attachment
element are cut at an angle to cause apex and hook rotation at expansion and
deployment. At deployment, the apex and hook-end portions rotate outwardly from
the stent graft, partially penetrating the body vessel walls in which the stent
graft is deployed and actively fixing the stent graft at the position of
deployment."

The patent was filed on April 24, 2009 Application no. 12/429,386

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             119 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 7, 2014 Friday

US Patent granted to Medtronic Vascular, Inc (California) on November 04, titled
as "Self-flaring active fixation element for a stent graft"

LENGTH: 264  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 8,876,883, on
November 04, 2014, to Medtronic Vascular, Inc (California), titled as
"Self-flaring active fixation element for a stent graft"

Inventors:  Rust; Matthew (Santa Rosa, CA)
Assignee:  Medtronic Vascular, Inc. (Santa Rosa, CA)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
stent graft includes a stent graft material of tubular shape and annular shaped
stent elements coupled to the stent graft material. The stent graft further
includes hooked fixation elements, having hook-end portions and coupling-end,
circumferentially spaced about an annular shaped spring attachment element, and
coupled to the stent graft at apexes of the spring attachment element. Before
deployment the hook-end portions of the apexes of the attachment element and the
hooked fixation elements attached thereto are compressed within the space
bounded by the interior and exterior sides of the spring attachment element and
angled laser cut strut inner surfaces under each apex of the spring attachment
element are cut at an angle to cause apex and hook rotation at expansion and
deployment. At deployment, the apex and hook-end portions rotate outwardly from
the stent graft, partially penetrating the body vessel walls in which the stent
graft is deployed and actively fixing the stent graft at the position of
deployment."

The patent was filed on April 24, 2009 Application no. 12/429,386

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             120 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Medical Device Daily

                             July 11, 2002 Thursday

Medtronic enthused about FDA approval of Infuse spinal graft

LENGTH: 1087 words

Medtronic enthused about FDA approval of Infuse spinal graft

By HOLLAND JOHNSON Medical Device Daily Senior Staff Writer A much-talked-about
spinal bone graft product from Medtronic's  (Minneapolis, Minnesota) Sofamor
Danek (Memphis, Tennessee) subsidiary was approved by the FDA last week. The FDA
nod came almost six months to the day after that agency's Orthopedic Devices
Panel recommended approval of the device back in January (Medical Device Daily,
Jan. 14, 2002).

The system, called the Infuse Bone Graft and LT-Cage is a device that stimulates
bone growth in patients undergoing spinal fusion surgery and could prove to be a
significant addition for Medtronic, traditionally known for its cardiovascular
devices. The device is indicated to treat certain types of spinal degenerative
disc disease, a common cause of low back pain.

The company said that use of the bone graft, coupled with the cage device in
spine surgery reduces the pain and complications associated with treating
degenerative disc disease, which occurs when discs in the spine are damaged or
by the discs or bone impinging on nearby nerve roots or the spinal cord. By age
50, approximately 85% of the population will show some evidence of disc
degeneration.

The new device is designed to eliminate the second surgery required to harvest
bone from a patient's hip, as is done in traditional spinal fusion procedures,
which essentially weld two or more vertebrae together to eliminate the pain
caused by a damaged disc in the spine. To fuse the vertebrae together, surgeons
typically insert pieces of the patient's own bone between the vertebrae to
prompt the body to grow new bone.

But implanting the bone chips actually requires two surgeries - one to chip off
small pieces of bone from around the patient's hip - called an autograft - and
another to insert them in the spine. Studies have shown that the bone harvesting
procedure can be more painful than the fusion itself, and nearly a third of
patients experience some hip pain two years following surgery.

Infuse Bone Graft contains recombinant human bone morphogenetic protein (rhBMP-2
also called BMP), the genetically engineered version of a naturally occurring
protein that is capable of jump starting bone growth in specific, targeted areas
in the spine. The Infuse is approved for use with the LT-Cage Lumbar Tapered
Fusion Device, although the Infuse graft does not have to be packaged with the
bone graft, opening the door for possible use of existing cages.

To use Infuse, surgeons reconstitute the BMP powder with sterile water and then
apply it to collagen sponges, made by Integra LifeSciences (Plainsboro, New
Jersey). The sponges are inserted inside two cages, which are then implanted
between the vertebrae. The cages stabilize the spine while it is fusing and also
maintain the proper height between the vertebrae.

"The FDA approval of Infuse Bone Graft represents a new approach to the
treatment of low back pain and is a major advance in traditional spine surgery,"
said Kenneth Burkus, MD, an orthopedic surgeon at the Hughston Clinic (Columbus,
Georgia), who participated in numerous clinical trials and has the most clinical
experience in the world with the product.

He said that the combination of a biological product with a medical device,
intended to effectively fuse vertebrae in the spine, is a "significant step" for
orthopedic and neurosurgical procedures for both physicians and patients.

Scott Boden, MD, an orthopedic surgeon from the Emory Spine Center at the Emory
University School of Medicine (Atlanta, Georgia), who has published extensively
on rhBMP-2, concurred with Burkus' assesment.

"After following the progress of the Infuse product, and seeing its efficacy in
numerous clinical trials over the years, it's exciting to see the product
FDA-approved and available to surgeons," he said in a statement. According to
Boden, the product has the potential "to redefine the way spine surgery is
performed."

BMP is one of the best-studied proteins in science. It was discovered in 1965 by
Marshall Urist, a professor at UCLA Medical School (Los Angeles, California).
However, it took 30 years of research to figure out a way to make a pure form of
the protein. The winner of that decades-long race was The Genetics Institute
(Cambridge, Mass-achusetts). That firm was bought by Wyeth (Madison, New
Jersey), which licenses BMP to Medtronic.

Marketing clearance for the combination device is based on data from a
large-scale, multi-center, prospective, randomized, two-year study involving 279
degenerative disc disease patients implanted with the LT-Cage. The study
assessed the safety, efficacy and therapeutic benefits of Infuse as compared to
traditional autograft procedures. Approximately half of the patients in the
study received autograft bone, and the other half received Infuse.

The data showed that the study met all of its primary endpoints. Although
statistically equivalent, study results indicated that patients who underwent
spine surgery using Infuse showed a trend toward having higher fusion rates as
compared to autograft patients at 24 months (94.5% fused vs. 88.7%). Patients
implanted with Infuse also spent less time in the operating room and lost less
blood during surgery than the autograft patients.

According to the company, more than 190,000 Americans are expected to undergo
lumbar spinal fusion surgeries this year alone.

All these numbers have gotten Wall Street seeing green, with analysts estimating
InFuse could generate about $500 million in annual sales for Medtronic.

Merrill Lynch (New York) analyst Daniel Lemaitre said in a report that the
approval could propel quarterly sales growth in Medtronic's spinal products
division to more than 30% in an area that the company has not traditionally had
a strong presence, the orthopedics market.

The company recently added to its growing orthopedics arsenal with the purchase
in late June of Spinal Dynamics  (Mercer Island, Washington) in a deal valued at
$270 million (Medical Device Daily, July 1, 2002). That small company created a
device designed to mimic the discs that normally act as cushions between the
vertebrae of the spine, which could, if approved, make many spinal fusion
surgeries unnecessary.

Burkus told Reuters that the approval of Infuse "helps to empower the surgeon.
The surgeon can really just concentrate on selecting a patient who will benefit
from the fusion surgery. He no longer will have to worry about whether he is
going to achieve it."

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                          Copyright 2002 AHC Media LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             121 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                    December 21, 2000 Thursday FINAL EDITION

THORATEC WINS OK FOR ITS EASIER DIALYSIS TREATMENT;
PLEASANTON COMPANY'S VASCULAR ACCESS GRAFT, ALREADY SOLD ABROAD, NOW CAN ENTER
$80 MILLION U.S. MARKET

BYLINE: Judy Silber

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B01

LENGTH: 536 words

DATELINE: PLEASANTON


PLEASANTON The Food and Drug Administration has approved a device that promises
to help patients with failed kidneys more easily undergo dialysis.

Pleasanton-based Thoratec Laboratories Corp. received approval for its version
of a device called a vascular access graft late Tuesday. The company already
sells vascular grafts in Japan, Australia, Europe and Canada. But the FDA
approval allows the company to compete for a share of the $80 million U.S.
market.

The product, to be sold under the trade name Vectra, is Thoratec's second to
gain FDA approval. The company also manufactures an artificial heart, approved
more than five years ago by the regulatory agency.

Vascular grafts help doctors access blood for dialysis treatment when patients'
kidneys can no longer rid themselves of natural toxins. Dialysis filters blood
shunted to a machine from the arm.

When they can, to increase blood flow to the arm, doctors fuse an artery with
its high-pressure blood flow to a vein. But the method is often difficult to
perform on diabetics who make up the majority of kidney-failure patients. A
graft circumvents the problem by forming a permanent bridge between the artery
and vein.

Clinical trials of 142 patients showed that the Thoratec vascular grafts offer a
distinct advantage over others currently on the market, said Dr. Earl Schuman, a
surgeon from Portland, Ore., who participated in the 18-month-long trial.

"The advantage of the (Thoratec) graft is that it can be used right away (for
dialysis)," said Schuman.

Within 24 hours after insertion of a Thoratec graft, patients can undergo
dialysis. That compares with a waiting time of several weeks for other grafts.
Thus, the Thoratec grafts can save patients from an extra surgery, necessary
when patients need immediate dialysis.

Company officials said they hope to take over a portion of the vascular graft
market, currently dominated by W.L. Gore and Associates and Impra Inc., a
subsidiary of C.R. Bard Inc.

Cheryl Hess, chief financial officer of Thoratec, admitted that gaining
acceptance among doctors can take time. They're used to the Gore and Impra
grafts, said Hess. But it's not impossible. In Japan, the Thoratec product now
makes up about 30 percent of the total vascular grafts sold.

Thoratec will split its graft proceeds with the Guidant Corporation, the company
responsible for U.S. marketing. According to the agreement between the
companies, the FDA approval guarantees Thoratec an immediate $2 million from
Guidant.

The FDA approval of Thoratec's grafts comes after more than a decade of product
development. Company scientists realized that material developed for their
artificial hearts would also work well for vascular grafts. However, the company
lacked funding for investing in the project. That changed in 1995, when the FDA
approved the artificial hearts. In 1999, the artificial hearts earned Thoratec
$22 million.

Hess reported much rejoicing among Thoratec's employees when they heard word of
the FDA's approval. "A lot of people have worked very hard and very long on
getting this done," said Hess.

Thoratec's stock closed at $9 on Wednesday, up $1.25, or 16 percent.

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2000 Contra Costa Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             122 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 11, 2013 Monday

USPTO Published Patent application of Kerr; Andrew titled as "STENT/GRAFT
ASSEMBLY"

LENGTH: 200  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an application no.
20130060319, on March 07, 2013, by Kerr; Andrew, titled as "STENT/GRAFT
ASSEMBLY" for the registration of patent.

Inventors:  Kerr; Andrew; (New York, NY)
Assignee:  Kerr; Andrew
New York
NY

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
stent/graft assembly includes a tubular graft connected in substantially
end-to-end relationship with a generally tubular stent. Free ends of the stent
and graft extend in opposite directions from the end-to-end connection during a
pre-deployment orientation of the assembly. However, the graft is inverted
during deployment so that free ends of the graft and the stent extend in
substantially the same direction from the end-to-end connection in a
post-deployment orientation. Thus, at least a portion of the stent is disposed
within at least a portion of the graft in a post-deployment orientation of the
assembly."

The Patent was filed on August 22, 2012 under application No. 20130060319

For more information please visit: http://www.uspto.gov/. In case of any query
regarding this article or other content needs please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             123 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Medical Device Daily

                            April 22, 2004 Thursday

SMART study shows 'off-pump' CABG compares to traditional

LENGTH: 1398 words


SMART study shows 'off-pump' CABG compares to traditional

By HOLLAND JOHNSON  Medical Device Daily Associate Managing Editor  Bypass
surgery done on a beating heart is just as effective as the conventional
operation performed with a heart-lung machine, and less expensive, according to
a study reported this week.

Results of the SMART (Surgical Management of Arterial Revascularization) trial,
published in the April 21 issue of the Journal of the American Medical
Association (JAMA), provide compelling evidence of the benefits of performing
coronary artery bypass graft (CABG) surgery while the patient's heart continues
to beat. In traditional CABG surgery, the patient's heart is stopped and a
heart-lung machine maintains circulation during the procedure.

While the results were positive, it is not clear if they offer definitive proof
of efficacy, as previous research produced conflicting conclusions on the
benefits of the beating-heart technique, with one study published in the January
issue of the New England Journal of Medicine finding that the newly grafted
blood vessels are far more likely to become clogged three months after surgery
in those who undergo the procedure. Additionally, longer-term data will be
required by cardiovascular surgeons, who perform the majority of CABG
procedures. This largely conservative group may require five to 10 years of
positive data showing that these off-pump grafts are as durable as their on-pump
counterparts before they begin large-scale adoption of a technique that is known
to be more technically demanding.

The prospective, randomized, blinded study of 197 patients who were treated by
cardiac surgeon John Puskas, MD, of Emory Crawford Long Hospital (Atlanta,
Georgia), revealed that grafts performed during beating-heart procedures are as
effective as conventional CABG surgery in restoring blood flow to the heart
muscle and maintaining complete revascularization over time. Moreover, the
number of grafts performed per patient during beating-heart procedures was
virtually identical to the number performed in the conventional CABG operation,
demonstrating that completeness of revascularization was similar between groups.

In his beating-heart procedures, Puskas, a pioneer of the off-pump technique,
used the two most recent generations of Medtronic's (Minneapolis, Minnesota)
Octopus Tissue Stabilizer, which holds the beating heart's surface tissue nearly
stationary as the bypass graft is sutured in place.

The Octopus device was the original suction-based stabilizer, and Medtronic has
used feedback from its customers to develop seven generations of the device. The
Octopus has been used in more than 345,000 procedures worldwide, the company
said.

Guidant (Indianapolis, Indiana), St. Jude Medical (St. Paul, Minnesota) and
Johnson & Johnson (New Brunswick, New Jersey) also are working on products in
the off-pump field.

The study found that restoration of blood flow to the heart was demonstrated in
angiograms prior to discharge from the hospital, and graft durability and
patency (freedom from blockage) was confirmed in angiograms one year later. In
addition, there were no significant differences between the groups in the
incidence of death, heart attack, stroke, recurrent angina, hospital
readmissions or percutaneous intervention 30 days and one year after surgery. As
of January, none of the patients had required surgical reintervention.

The study also found some benefits for the beating-heart patients over the
traditional CABG patients. The study found that participants who underwent the
less-invasive beating-heart surgery lost less blood during surgery, had less
damage to their hearts during surgery and recovered more quickly than those who
underwent traditional CABG procedures.

Some 26% of beating-heart patients needed blood transfusions compared with 49%
of conventional CABG patients. Beating-heart patients in the study also were
able to breathe on their own sooner after surgery, spent less time in intensive
care and left the hospital one day sooner, on average, than conventional CABG
patients.

Puskas' data is among the first in the U.S. demonstrating, through prospective,
random selection of patients prior to surgery for beating-heart or conventional
CABG surgery, that beating-heart surgery offers significant patient benefits.

Approximately 350,000 patients undergo CABG operations every year in the U.S.,
and an estimated 25% of the procedures are performed on beating hearts, or
"off-pump." In the Medicare population, beating-heart procedures comprise 30% of
all CABG surgeries, a still largely untapped market.

According to Puskas, the primary question that the study answered was whether
the bypass grafts in the off-pump procedures were holding up as well as those in
a traditional CABG surgery. "Are you sacrificing long-term benefit for
short-term gain? The answer is no," he told Medical Device Daily. "The quality
and durability of the bypass grafts is the same in both groups."

Importantly, he noted that patency in both groups has been consistent now a year
after surgery. After surgery, acute patency in the off-pump group was 99.1% vs.
97.7% in the on-pump group. At one year, patency was 93.6% for the off-pump
group vs. 95.8% for the on-pump patients.

"There was no difference between the two groups either in the hospital or one
year later in terms of the quality and durability of the grafts," Puskas said.

"Patients facing the prospect of coronary bypass surgery would like to have all
the bypass grafts done that are needed for their heart, they would like to have
those grafts stay open for as long as possible, and they would like to have the
operation performed with the least morbidity to them during the time of the
surgery and during the recovery period," said Puskas. "Beating heart surgery
offers these things along with other important benefits, such as a shorter
hospital stay," he added, noting that the savings associated with hospital stay
with the off-pump procedure averaged about $2,300 a patient.

Puskas also said that publication of these results has given additional
visibility and credibility to his findings that beating-heart patients do just
as well - and in fact recover sooner with shorter ICU and hospital stays - than
those put on heart-lung machines for bypass.

"This is important information for physicians, who until now haven't had good
prospective data comparing revascularization and other efficacy measures," he
said. "I expect these results will be replicated as more surgeons adopt and
become comfortable with the off-pump procedure."

Puskas pointed out that since he began doing the off-pump procedure in the late
1990s, the technology used for the surgery has improved vastly, and he predicts
a significant increase in the use of the beating-heart CABG in the near future
with the addition of more positive data. "In 1997, less than 3% of all coronary
bypasses were done off-pump. Last year, it was about 22%," he said, adding that
in five years the rate of adoption could rise to around 50% nationwide.

All of Puskas' patients who qualified for CABG surgery between March 2000 and
August 2001 were considered eligible for and invited to participate in the
study. All were treated by Puskas, assuring consistency of technique, and all
were followed by the same patient management team. Neither the patients nor
their families, cardiologists and post-operative caregivers and evaluators knew
which surgical procedure had been used for a full year following treatment.

Of 197 patients, 98 underwent off-pump surgery and 99 underwent the standard
bypass. Four in each group died within a year of the operation.

While Puskas noted that 95% of the CABG procedures he does now are off-pump, he
said that the traditional procedure still has a place in the surgeon's arsenal,
noting that the heart-lung machine is still preferred for people with irregular
heart rhythm or blood pressure, or those suffering a cardiac crisis, such as a
heart attack at the time of surgery.

The first patients in the SMART trial will reach the five-year data plateau in
2005, and Puskas hopes to report on that all-important data after all the
patients reach that benchmark in two to three years.

The SMART trial was supported by Medtronic and Emory Crawford Long Hospital's
Carlyle Fraser Heart Center Foundation.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                          Copyright 2004 AHC Media LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             124 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                             June 20, 2002 Thursday

Fargo hospital tries stent-graft

LENGTH: 463 words


FARGO (AP) -- Theodore Lague had a time bomb in his chest. Left untreated, an
aneurysm in his aortic artery would likely have burst and killed the
Nay-Tah-Waush, Minn., man. But doctors at MeritCare in Fargo and engineers
educated at North Dakota State University gave the 67-year-old a new lease on
life.

In about a two-hour endovascular procedure Tuesday, doctors implanted a stent-
graft inside Lague's aortic artery to bypass his aneurysm and render it
harmless. "Everything went well," interventional radiologist Corey Teigen said.
"The aneurysm is completely excluded." MeritCare performs about 100 of the
procedures every year. But it was only the eighth in the nation using a newly
developed stent-graft -- one engineered by two NDSU graduates, Teigen said.
Lague's operation was part of a clinical trial in hopes of getting the Cordis
Corp.'s Quantum LP stent-graft approved by the Food and Drug Administration,
Teigen said. Cordis Corp. engineers Chad Kugler and Matt Olson said they've
worked on developing the stent-graft for five years. The New Jersey-based
company is a subsidiary of the Johnson & Johnson Co. "It's a big endeavor and
it's taken a long time to get to this point," Kugler said. The 1995 NDSU grads
and Lague's doctors had a press conference at MeritCare after Lague's operation
to announce the hospital's participation in the stent-graft's clinical trial.
"We will be following this patient very closely over the next couple of years to
determine how well the graft works," Teigen said. "If it works, it will get FDA
approval and hopefully it will become the standard of care in the future." The
stent-graft is a synthetic and metal-mesh tube. Activated by heat, it expands
and anchors to the aortic artery's inside walls. To implant the stent, Teigen
guided a delivery tube through two small incisions in Lague's upper legs to his
aortic artery. The procedure is less invasive than open surgery and patients can
leave the hospital in one or two days as opposed to a week, Teigen said. Soon
after the procedure, Lague was sitting in his hospital bed eating lunch,
vascular surgeon Steve Stromstad said. Cordis Corp.'s Quantum LP stent-graft can
be adjusted in a patient's body for a custom fit, an option not available with
two FDA-approved aortic artery stents. The Quantum LP also enables doctors to
perform the less invasive procedure on patients with larger aneurysms, Teigen
said. MeritCare is one of 14 hospitals nationwide that will implant about 300 of
the stents as part of the clinical trial. The stent is already approved for use
in Europe and has been used successfully in about 60 cases worldwide, Kugler
said. MeritCare will use the device to treat at least two more patients during
the clinical trial. Cutline: Associated Press 1 photo

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2002 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                             125 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 31, 2014 Saturday

USPTO Published Patent application of YALE UNIVERSITY titled as "Cell-Free
Tissue Engineered Vascular Grafts"

LENGTH: 201  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an application no.
20140147484, published on May 29, 2014, by YALE UNIVERSITY, titled as "Cell-Free
Tissue Engineered Vascular Grafts" for the registration of patent.

Inventors:   Breuer; Christopher K.; (New Albany, OH) ; Fahmy; Tarek; (New
Haven, CT)
Assignee:   YALE UNIVERSITY
New Haven
CT

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
composition containing a macrophage inhibitor may be administered in an
effective amount to prevent, inhibit or reduce restenosis, thrombus or aneurysm
formation in implanted polymeric vascular grafts. The composition may be
administered prior to vascular graft implantation, at the same time as vascular
graft implantation, following vascular graft implantation, or any combination
thereof. Examplary macrophage inhibitors include bisphosphonates, anti-folate
drugs and antibodies, preferably in a controlled release or liposomal
formulation."

The Patent was filed on June 20, 2012 under application No. 20140147484

For more information please visit: http://www.uspto.gov/. In case of any query
regarding this article or other content needs please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             126 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 2, 2014 Thursday

USPTO Published Patent application of TDAK MEDICAL INC. titled as "DEVICE TO
STORE AND INJECT CORNEAL GRAFT"

LENGTH: 264  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an application no.
20140288643, published on September 25, 2014, by TDAK MEDICAL INC., titled as
"DEVICE TO STORE AND INJECT CORNEAL GRAFT" for the registration of patent.

Inventors:  Torres; Aurora A.; (San Diego, CA) ; Schanzlin; David J.; (La Jolla,
CA) ; Trozera; Thomas A.; (Del Mar, CA)
Assignee:  TDAK MEDICAL INC.
San Diego
CA

THE REGENTS OF THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA
Oakland
CA

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office:
"Devices and methods for storing and injecting a corneal tissue graft are
disclosed herein. In one embodiment, an apparatus includes a tissue container
and an adaptor configured to be coupled to the tissue container. The tissue
container defines an interior region configured to receive a precut corneal
tissue graft therein. The tissue container is also configured to be coupled to
an injector assembly that can be used to move the corneal tissue graft out of
the interior region of the tissue container and into an anterior chamber of a
recipient's eye. The adaptor can be configured to prevent the tissue graft from
migrating out of the tissue container and/or can be configured to be coupled to
the injector assembly. The tissue graft can remain within the tissue container
during storage, transport and during the implantation procedure until it is
injected into the patient's eye."

The Patent was filed on January 24, 2014 under application No. 20140288643

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             127 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Medical Device Daily

                             January 4, 2010 Monday

Technique uses patient's veins to replace infected aortic grafts

LENGTH: 720 words

Medical Device Daily Staff Writer

A new technique designed to replace infected aortic grafts with the person's own
veins is proving to be more durable and less prone to new infection than those
procedures which use synthetic and cadaver grafts.

The vascular surgical technique was pioneered at UT Southwestern Medical Center
(Dallas), and treats aortic graft infections, which are called one of the most
serious complications in patients undergoing grafting procedures for peripheral
arterial disease (PAD) and aortic aneurysms.

Typically synthetic grafts are the first step of treatment for patients with PAD
and aortic aneurysms.  For patients with PAD, the procedure restores blood
circulation to the legs, and for patients with aneurysm, it replaces the
weakened aortic wall and prevents rupture.

These synthetic grafts are made of Dacron, a polyester material, and are placed
in the aorta and femoral arteries in the abdomen and groin, which feed blood to
the legs. But in about 1% to 2% of these patients, the grafts become infected -
a complication that causes amputation and death if left untreated.

G. Patrick Clagett, MD chief of vascular surgery at UT Southwestern, pioneered
an alternative technique to avoid these complications. The procedure is called
the neo-aortoiliac system (NAIS) that repairs these aortic-graft infections. It
actually involves removing the infected graft and replacing it with sections of
femoral-popliteal veins harvested from the patient's thighs, rather than another
synthetic graft or vessels harvested from human cadavers.

During a recent study that was published in the Journal of Vascular Surgery,
Clagett and his team reported on 187 patients at UT Southwestern treated for
aortic graft infections who underwent the NAIS procedure from 1990 to 2006.
According to UT Southwestern it is the largest group of such patients ever
studied, and the researchers found that the incidence of re-infection was lower
and the procedure resulted in superior durability with much lower long-term
amputation rates when compared with other operations to treat this condition.

"This operation has gained favor worldwide in the treatment of this devastating
condition," said Clagett. "Since performing the first operation here in the
1990s, we have accumulated data over the years and have found this procedure to
be far superior in overall patient outcomes."

Simply replacing the old Dacron graft with a new synthetic graft can result in
devastating infection of the new one, said Clagett, His team and others also
have found that the new synthetic or cadaver grafts tend to develop clots and
new blockages.

"When we use the patient's own tissue to construct a new graft, it provides an
advantage because they are less likely to form clots within the graft and less
likely to develop new blockages," Clagett said. "Patients also need fewer
subsequent procedures, a common problem with the other treatments for this
complication."

Clagett isn't the first to forego synthetic and cadaver grafts however.

Last year researchers at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT;
Cambridge, Massachusetts) reported that they had developed a new accordion-like
honeycomb scaffold that they say may one day be used to repair hearts ().

The scaffold, reported in the Nov. 2 online edition of Nature Materials, is
designed to more closely match the structural and mechanical properties of
native heart tissue than traditional scaffolds, researchers say.

Cook (Bloomington, Indiana) recently introduced its Biodesign line which
specifies four applications for soft tissue repair: continence restoration,
fistula repair, vaginal erosion repair and pelvic-floor reconstruction.
Historically, physicians have had just two options for treatment of these
conditions: synthetic mesh or biologic grafts ().

The company said that the Biodesign product line offers a new alternative in
which the graft communicates with surrounding cells to encourage tissue growth
across the scaffold. It added that the Biodesign technology combines the best
attributes of a biologic graft - resistance to infection and complete remodeling
- with the added benefits of moderate price, ease of use and widespread
availability.

Omar Ford, 404-262-5546;


LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                          Copyright 2010 AHC Media LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             128 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Medical Device Daily

                             January 4, 2010 Monday

Technique uses patient's veins to replace infected aortic grafts

LENGTH: 720 words

Medical Device Daily Staff Writer

A new technique designed to replace infected aortic grafts with the person's own
veins is proving to be more durable and less prone to new infection than those
procedures which use synthetic and cadaver grafts.

The vascular surgical technique was pioneered at UT Southwestern Medical Center
(Dallas), and treats aortic graft infections, which are called one of the most
serious complications in patients undergoing grafting procedures for peripheral
arterial disease (PAD) and aortic aneurysms.

Typically synthetic grafts are the first step of treatment for patients with PAD
and aortic aneurysms.  For patients with PAD, the procedure restores blood
circulation to the legs, and for patients with aneurysm, it replaces the
weakened aortic wall and prevents rupture.

These synthetic grafts are made of Dacron, a polyester material, and are placed
in the aorta and femoral arteries in the abdomen and groin, which feed blood to
the legs. But in about 1% to 2% of these patients, the grafts become infected -
a complication that causes amputation and death if left untreated.

G. Patrick Clagett, MD chief of vascular surgery at UT Southwestern, pioneered
an alternative technique to avoid these complications. The procedure is called
the neo-aortoiliac system (NAIS) that repairs these aortic-graft infections. It
actually involves removing the infected graft and replacing it with sections of
femoral-popliteal veins harvested from the patient's thighs, rather than another
synthetic graft or vessels harvested from human cadavers.

During a recent study that was published in the Journal of Vascular Surgery,
Clagett and his team reported on 187 patients at UT Southwestern treated for
aortic graft infections who underwent the NAIS procedure from 1990 to 2006.
According to UT Southwestern it is the largest group of such patients ever
studied, and the researchers found that the incidence of re-infection was lower
and the procedure resulted in superior durability with much lower long-term
amputation rates when compared with other operations to treat this condition.

"This operation has gained favor worldwide in the treatment of this devastating
condition," said Clagett. "Since performing the first operation here in the
1990s, we have accumulated data over the years and have found this procedure to
be far superior in overall patient outcomes."

Simply replacing the old Dacron graft with a new synthetic graft can result in
devastating infection of the new one, said Clagett, His team and others also
have found that the new synthetic or cadaver grafts tend to develop clots and
new blockages.

"When we use the patient's own tissue to construct a new graft, it provides an
advantage because they are less likely to form clots within the graft and less
likely to develop new blockages," Clagett said. "Patients also need fewer
subsequent procedures, a common problem with the other treatments for this
complication."

Clagett isn't the first to forego synthetic and cadaver grafts however.

Last year researchers at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT;
Cambridge, Massachusetts) reported that they had developed a new accordion-like
honeycomb scaffold that they say may one day be used to repair hearts ().

The scaffold, reported in the Nov. 2 online edition of Nature Materials, is
designed to more closely match the structural and mechanical properties of
native heart tissue than traditional scaffolds, researchers say.

Cook (Bloomington, Indiana) recently introduced its Biodesign line which
specifies four applications for soft tissue repair: continence restoration,
fistula repair, vaginal erosion repair and pelvic-floor reconstruction.
Historically, physicians have had just two options for treatment of these
conditions: synthetic mesh or biologic grafts ().

The company said that the Biodesign product line offers a new alternative in
which the graft communicates with surrounding cells to encourage tissue growth
across the scaffold. It added that the Biodesign technology combines the best
attributes of a biologic graft - resistance to infection and complete remodeling
- with the added benefits of moderate price, ease of use and widespread
availability.

Omar Ford, 404-262-5546;


LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                          Copyright 2010 AHC Media LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             129 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Medical Device Daily

                            February 15, 2008 Friday

Report from Europe

LENGTH: 1044 words


Report from Europe

CE mark received by Nfocus for its CardioVasc stent-graft

A Medical Device Daily Staff Report

Nfocus Neuromedical (Palo Alto, California) reported receiving CE-mark approval
for the CardioVasc Stent-Graft and delivery system, a minimally invasive device
for treating patients with saphenous vein graft (SVG) lesions from a previous
coronary bypass, vessel perforations and coronary artery aneurysms.

The CE mark allows the company to begin marketing the CardioVasc product in the
European Union, and indicates that the product complies with the appropriate
quality and safety standards.

"We are pleased to be able to offer this valuable option to physicians in the
European Union for treating diseased bypass grafts," said Martin Dieck,
president/CEO of Nfocus. "This is an important first step in what we hope to be
a series of regulatory approvals in the coming year."

Saphenous vein graft disease has been a problem facing the cardiologist since
the early days of coronary artery bypass graft (CABG) surgery. In CABG surgery,
a segment of the patient's own leg vein (the saphenous vein) may be removed and
used to create an artificial conduit to bypass areas of blood flow blockage that
have built up in the patient's coronary artery.

After CABG surgery, the SVG bypass itself may become blocked over time by the
same type of disease that affected the patient's original coronary artery. The
result is a need to reopen the diseased SVG vessel and restore flow. This second
treatment again can be yet another surgery -- or alternatively, the SVG may be
treated via angioplasty and stenting procedures using less-invasive endovascular
techniques.

The CardioVasc Stent-Graft device is a permanent implant delivered via a
less-invasive catheter procedure for patients that have a diseased SVG from a
previous CABG surgery.

The CardioVasc product is not approved in the U.S.

Nfocus is focused on treating hemorrhagic stroke, with product development
programs aimed at rapid treatment of aneurysms and fistulas in the brain.

First orders for Cytori's Celution system

Cytori Therapeutics (San Diego) reported receiving its first orders from Europe
and Asia for Celution 800 Systems. The devices are now being sold into the
growing international reconstructive surgery market.

The system provides physicians with a rich source of a patient's own adipose
tissue-derived stem and regenerative cells at the bedside. When these cells are
re-combined with more of a patient's own fat tissue in the same surgical
procedure, it is referred to as cell-enhanced reconstruction.

Eleven Celution800 Systems and related CT-805 single-use consumables were
ordered by Cytori's distributors, MBA Grupo, which covers Spain, Italy and
Portugal, and Astrea International, which covers Singapore. The first devices
are expected to be delivered during the present.

"These opening orders mark a key transition for the company and its products,"
said Cytori CEO Christopher Calhoun. "We achieved our stated goal from last
year, which was to accelerate our product introduction to early 2008 by bringing
an innovative reconstructive surgery product to physicians and their patients."

Cytori has regulatory approval for the Celution 800 System in Europe, is seeking
clearances in the Asia-Pacific region, and has forged commercialization
partnerships with distributors in these markets.

The company said it is working with its distribution partners and physicians "to
educate the market about this technology in order to extend its penetration." It
said clinical trials are ongoing with the Celution 800 to broaden its utility
for multiple applications.

"There is strong receptivity among oncologic and reconstructive surgeons for
[the] Celution 800 System, and we are now moving forward with targeted sales,"
said Paul Griffin, vice president of international sales and new business
development for MBA Grupo.

Noting that the demand is due in part to "recent reports from successful
clinical reconstructive surgery cases," he added: "This product line has the
potential for significant growth, as it is addressing an important, unmet
medical market."

The Celution 800 System is being introduced in Europe into the reconstructive
surgery market, while the Celution 900 System will be launched in Japan for
cryopreserving a patient's own stem and regenerative cells.

The company said clinical trials are ongoing in cardiovascular disease and
planned for spinal disc degeneration, gastrointestinal disorders, and other
unmet medical needs.

Collaboration on HistoScanning

B-K Medical (Copenhagen, Denmark), a wholly owned subsidiary of Analogic
(Peabody, Massachusetts), and Advanced Medical Diagnostics (AMD; Waterloo,
Belgium), a developer of computer-aided solutions to improve the diagnostic
interpretation of ultrasound scans, reported the signing of a collaboration
agreement under which they will deploy AMD's HistoScanning tissue
characterization technology for the prostate.

HistoScanning is a tissue differentiation, visualization and measurement
technology designed to assist specialists in identifying changes to solid organ
tissues. The technology works in conjunction with transrectal ultrasound
procedures and extracts new information from prostate ultrasound data.

The companies said it adds "an important new dimension to the practice of
prostate examination as well as prostate biopsy indication and acquisition."

Michael Brock, president of B-K Medical, says, "HistoScanning has the potential
to be the major diagnostic modality of the future, increasing the efficiency and
diagnostic value of prostate ultrasound."

Advanced Medical Diagnostics said the agreement facilitates introduction of its
technology to major global markets. CEO Dror Nir, inventor of the HistoScanning
technology, said, "We want to make sure that HistoScanning will realize its
potential. It means working together with companies who share our vision of
noninvasive tissue characterization and are committed to investing in moving
medicine forward."

The first joint presentation of HistoScanning will be at the European
Association of Urology congress in Milan, Italy, March 26-29. HistoScanning for
the prostate is expected to be commercially introduced in Europe later this
year.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                          Copyright 2008 AHC Media LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             130 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald Tribune (Florida)

                             July 16, 2016 Saturday

Patsy Ann Holman

SECTION: B; OBITUARIES; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 150 words


Holman, Patsy Ann

Sep. 8, 1939 - Jul. 11, 2016

Patsy Ann Holman 76, passed away peacefully in her home with her husband by her
side on Monday, July 11, in Sarasota, FL. She was born on September 8, 1939 in
Lancaster, Ohio to Emerson and Elizabeth Graft. In 1958, she married Denny
Holman. Together with love they raised their four children. Survivors include
husband Denny Holman, Jeff (Margie) Holman, Denise Holman, Scott (Stacey)
Holman, and Corinne (David) Holman-Martin, brothers Donald (Janet) Graft, Ronald
(Margie) Graft and sister Linda (Bill) Skidmore, grandchildren Kelsea Ogilbee,
Bryce (Danielle) Ogilbee, Tanner Holman, and Luke Holman and great -
grandchildren Aubry Ogilbee and Talan Ogilbee and her beloved Corgis Louie and
Lulu. Services will be privately held. Memorial donations may be made in Patsy's
name to St. Jude Children's Research Hospital, 501 St. Jude Place, Memphis, TN
38105.

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Holman, Patsy Ann Sep. 8, 1939 - Jul. 11, 2016 Patsy Ann Holman 76,
passed away peacefully in her home with her husband by her side on Monday, July
11, in Sarasota, FL. She was born on September 8, 1939 in Lancaster, Ohio to
Emerson and Elizabeth Graft. In 1958, she married Denny Holman. Together with
love they raised their four children. Survivors include husband Denny Holman,
Jeff (Margie) Holman, Denise Holman, Scott (Stacey) Holman, and Corinne (David)
Holman-Martin, brothers Donald (Janet) Graft, Ronald (Margie) Graft and sister
Linda (Bill) Skidmore, grandchildren Kelsea Ogilbee, Bryce (Danielle) Ogilbee,
Tanner Holman, and Luke Holman and great - grandchildren Aubry Ogilbee and Talan
Ogilbee and her beloved Corgis Louie and Lulu. Services will be privately held.
Memorial donations may be made in Patsy's name to St. Jude Children's Research
Hospital, 501 St. Jude Place, Memphis, TN 38105.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             131 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                           November 24, 2016 Thursday

Head Line: US Patent granted to Cook Medical Technologies LLC on November 22,
2016 titled as "Repositionable diameter constraints"

LENGTH: 189 words

DATELINE: New York


ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no.
9,498,361 on November 22, 2016, to Cook Medical Technologies LLC titled as
"Repositionable diameter constraints"

Inventors: Roeder; Blayne A. (Bloomington, IN), Ivancev; Krasnodar (London, GB)


Assignee: Cook Medical Technologies LLC (Bloomington, IN)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "An
endoluminal prosthesis includes an expandable stent graft that includes a
cannula extending through a lumen of the stent graft. A suture is threaded along
the perimeter of the graft through openings therein, with an inner end of the
suture mounted to the cannula. The cannula is rotatable relative to the graft to
wind or unwind the suture around the cannula and cause the graft to become
compressed when wound or allow the graft to expand when unwound. The cannula
includes an attachment member for retaining an inner end of the suture, and the
attachment member can release the inner end of the suture when adjustment of the
graft diameter is no longer desired."

The patent was filed on December 18, 2013 Application No. 14/132,903


LOAD-DATE: November 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             132 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                           December 29, 2016 Thursday

Head Line: US Patent granted to COOK MEDICAL TECHNOLOGIES LLC on December 27,
2016 titled as "Implantable graft to close a fistula"

LENGTH: 141 words

DATELINE: New York


ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no.
9,526,484 on December 27, 2016, to COOK MEDICAL TECHNOLOGIES LLC titled as
"Implantable graft to close a fistula"

Inventors: Armstrong; David N. (Atlanta, GA)


Assignee: COOK MEDICAL TECHNOLOGIES LLC (Bloomington, IN)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "An
implantable graft, which may be inserted into a fistula tract to occlude the
primary opening of the fistula, is provided. The graft may have a curved,
generally conical shape with a trumpet-like head end that continuously tapers to
a smaller tail end. The graft may be an integral unit made of a single material,
such as a heterograft material. Methods of closing single and multiple fistulae
are also provided."

The patent was filed on May 20, 2014 Application No. 14/282,399


LOAD-DATE: December 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             133 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                     PR.com

                        June 10, 2016 Friday 6:30 AM EST

The Global Dental Bone Grafts Market Was Valued at USD 433.4 Million in 2015 - A
New Report by Data Bridge Market Research

BYLINE: Data Bridge Market Research

LENGTH: 730  words


Dallas, TX,  June 10, 2016 --(PR.com)-- The global dental bone grafts market was
valued at USD 433.4 million in 2015, and is projected to reach USD 857.7 million
by 2022, at a CAGR of 10.3% from 2016 to 2022.

Report URL: http://databridgemarketresearch.com/reports/global-dental-bone-graft
-market-trends-forecast-2022/

Segmentation:

The global dental bone graft market is segmented on the basis of product type,
procedure type, material type, and geography.

Based on product type, the market is segmented into synthetic bone grafts,
xenograft, allograft, demineralized allograft and repair membranes. The
synthetic grafts market is further segmented into ceramics, tricalcium
phosphate, hydroxyapatite and others. The repair membrane segment is further
sub-divided into bio-reabsorbable, non bio-reabsorbable membranes. Among all
product types, the xenograft segment is leading the dental bone graft market, by
product type; this segment is projected to grow from USD 161.7 million in 2015
to USD 316.9 million by 2022, at a CAGR of 10.1% during the forecast period 2016
to 2022.

Based on application, the dental bone graft market is classified into ridge
augmentation, socket preservation, periodontal defect regeneration, implant bone
regeneration and sinus lift. In 2016, ridge augmentation procedures are leading
the dental bone graft market; this segment is expected to hold the largest share
of 26.2%, owing to its extensive usage. Ridge augmentation procedure is
performed after tooth extraction or in case of missing tooth to create
conformity of the gum line required for dental implantation. This is most
frequent form of dental procedure that is performed across all geographies.

On the basis of material type the global dental bone graft substitute market is
segmented into putty, Injectable and granules. On the basis of surgery the
material type is chosen and in 2015 majority of dental bone grafts used was in
the form of granules which is favored owing to the ease of usage and increases
customizable options.

Geography:

Based on geography the market is segmented into 5 geographical regions, North
America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, South America and rest of the world. The
geographical regions are further segmented into 24 major countries such as U.S.
Canada, Mexico, Germany, France, U.K., Belgium, Switzerland, Belgium, Turkey,
Japan, China, Singapore, Brazil, India, Russia, South Africa and many others. In
2016, U.S. is expected to lead the dental bone graft market with the market
share of 32.7% of the global bone grafts market.

Company Landscape:

Some of the major companies operating in the global dental bone graft
substitutes market include Institut Straumann AG, Genoss, Curasan AG, Geistlich,
Olympus Terumo Biomaterials Corp, Kerr Corporation, DENTSPLY Sirona
International, Sunstar Americas, Inc., Zimmer Biomet, NovaBone, Medtronic,
Cortex Dental Implants Industries Ltd., BioHorizons IPH, Inc., ACE Surgical
Supply Company, Inc., RTI Surgical, Inc., Graftys, Collagen Matrix, Inc.,
LifeNet Health, and Dentium among other vernacular players.

Browse Related Reports:

Global Dental Implants and Prosthetics Market, By Material (Titanium, Zirconium,
PFM, All Ceramics,), By Stage (Two Stage, Single Stage), By Connectors (External
Hexagonal) (By Product Type (Crowns, Bridges, Dentures, Abutments) By Geography
(North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, Latin America, Rest of the World) - Trends
and Forecast to 2022

http://databridgemarketresearch.com/reports/global-dental-implants-and-prostheti
cs-market/

Global Hip Replacement Implants Market, By Product Type (Cemented Total Hip
Implant, Cement Free Total Hip Implant, Partial Femoral Head Implant, Hip
Resurfacing, Revision Hip Implants), By End-Users (Orthopedic Clinics,
Hospitals, Surgery Centre), By Surgery Numbers (Total Hip Replacement, Partial
Hip Replacement, Revision Hip Replacement, Hip Resurfacing), By Geography
((North America By Country), (Europe By Country), (APAC By Country), (MEA By
Country), (South America By Country)) - Trends and Forecast to 2022

http://databridgemarketresearch.com/reports/global-hip-replacement-implants-mark
et-trends-and-forecast-to-2022/

Contact:

Data Bridge Market Research

4th Floor, Mega Center,

Magarpatta City, Pune - 411028

Tel: (+91) 7219024286, (+91)7219024287

Email: Sales@databridgemarketresearch.com

Visit Data Bridge Blog@ http://databridgemarketresearch.com/blog/

LOAD-DATE: June 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


               Copyright 2016 PR.com, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             134 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                           Investor's Business Daily

                                 April 28, 1998

Substitute Skin - New Alternative To Grafts?

BYLINE: By Cynthia Drake, Investor's Business Daily

SECTION: News For You; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 1019 words


If you get badly hurt in an accident or suffer from skin ulcers, substitute skin
could be your ticket to healthy tissue.

It provides an option besides skin grafts, the traditional method of healing
skin that's been damaged by burns or skin ulcers.

The emerging field of tissue engineering takes advantage of the body's own
healing power by using living cells and natural connective tissue. Resulting
products act more like substitute skin than like artificial membranes.

Some substitute skin products are readily available in the U.S., while others
are still in the approval stage.

Natural skin has two layers - the upper epidermis and the lower dermis. Besides
protecting the body against infection and dehydration, skin also heals wounds.
That's why traditional therapy has been to graft skin from a healthy area of the
patient's own body to the damaged area.

If enough good skin isn't available, doctors take skin from cadavers as a
temporary solution. But now U.S. biotech companies are providing better options.

Substitute skin was first used to treat burn patients a few years ago. Two to
three weeks after application, it is almost entirely replaced by the body's own
cells.  Like skin grafts, it protects the body from loss of fluid and exposure
to infection.

The development of substitute skin is good news for the 1.25 million people who
are burned every year in the U.S., according to the Burn Foundation in
Philadelphia. Of those, about 440,000 are children, says Dr. Gail Besner,
associate professor of surgery and pediatrics at Children's Hospital in
Columbus, Ohio.

Substitute skin also should help the 5.5 million to 6 million people that suffer
each year from chronic, hard-to-heal wounds. The vast majority of these painful
wounds are caused by skin ulcers, though some result from surgery.

A study in the fall in the medical journal Wounds showed that wounds treated
with the substitute skin product Dermagraft healed quicker than wounds treated
without it.

Dermagraft, made by Advanced Tissue Sciences Inc. of La Jolla, Calif., is
designed for non-burn wounds. It is awaiting approval by the Food and Drug
Administration.

Another study last year, in the Journal of Burn Care Rehabilitation, found
Advanced Tissue Sciences' approved product, Dermagraft-TC, to be as good as or
better than grafts in treating burns.  Researchers said the product was easier
to use and caused less bleeding than skin grafts did.

Other research has found that substitute skin causes less itching than natural
skin grafts. Patients using substitute skin have fewer infections and, unlike
grafts from cadavers, it doesn't appear to be rejected by patients' own skin.

In the long term, researchers believe substitute skin will be a cheaper, faster
and less painful way to treat burns and chronic wounds than present treatments.

''I've seen burns that I expected would take two weeks to heal healed in a
week,'' Dr. Besner said.

''These products do reduce healing time for the kids (I treat),'' she said.
''They get back to their normal activities as soon as it's applied. My patients
need less nursing care and leave the hospital faster.''

But artificial skin isn't cheap. Costs per graft range from $ 500 to more than $
1,000, depending on the product and size needed. In addition, some brands of
artificial skin must be used in conjunction with natural skin grafts. And, like
grafts, artificial skin won't prevent infection in all cases.

How do the products work? Integra Artificial Skin, made by Integra LifeSciences
Corp. of Plainsboro, N.J., helps the human body regenerate its own skin after a
life-threatening burn. It received FDA approval in the fall of '96.

One of the product's two layers is made of a criss-cross pattern of purified
collagen and shark cartilage. The other layer consists of thin silicone rubber,
which must be peeled off as a wound heals and replaced with a thin layer of the
patient's natural skin.

Canton, Mass.-based Organogenesis Inc.'s Apligraf is still in the approval
process as a treatment for venous leg ulcers, which affect 1 million people a
year. The product has two layers and is made of living human skin cells and
natural skin protein. This gives it the look, feel and stretchability of real
skin.

Advanced Tissue Sciences' Dermagraft products consist of living human skin
tissue mixed with proteins and other natural elements. The Dermagraft products
are made by cultivating human cells from foreskins (discarded after
circumcisions) on pieces of polymer. The resulting tissue is frozen until needed
for hard-to-heal burns or other wounds.

''(It's) a great product,'' said Besner, who uses Dermagraft-TC on her patients.
''We place it right on the child's burn, then bandage the area once.

''The Dermagraft is very adherent. It sticks right to the burn,'' she said.
''This means we don't have to subject the child to painful dressing changes at
all.  Once the product is in place, they get right up and start playing in the
halls pain-free. They eat better, feel better and may not have to be in the
hospital as long.''

Although Besner's patients seem to be faring well with its products, Advanced
Tissue Sciences is having a series of problems.

During a recent FDA inspection, contaminants were found in its production
facilities. The company then recalled particular lots of products, which
contained a raw material that did not meet federal specifications.

As a result, Dermagraft may not be launched this spring in the U.S. as a
treatment for diabetic foot ulcers, as the company had planned. It is already
sold in Europe.

Doctors recently concluded Dermagraft-TC was unrelated to the death of a patient
using it, the company said in a recent press release, contrary to some reports.

If you or one of your family members needs help with a chronic, hard-to-heal
wound or burn, ask your doctor or a plastic surgeon about the safety and
efficacy of using substitute skin.

LOAD-DATE: April 28, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

Copyright 1998 Investor's Business Daily, Inc.


                             135 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        Progressive Media - Company News

                            August 21, 2012 Tuesday

Gore hybrid vascular graft wins CE mark

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY; Cardiovascular Devices

LENGTH: 217 words



HIGHLIGHT: W. L. Gore & Associates has won CE mark for the GORE hybrid vascular
graft designed to expand treatment options for optimal outflow by maximizing the
number of access sites available.


The GORE hybrid vascular graft is indicated for use as a vascular prosthesis for
replacement or bypass of diseased vessels impacted by aortic aneurysmal,
peripheral vascular and end stage renal disease.

The device, which is designed to address the common causes of graft failure;
intimal hyperplasia, thrombosis, and seroma, simplifies access to vessels with
an optional over the wire deployment method that reduces vessel injury and
dissection.

The Methodist DeBakey Heart and Vascular Center in Houston, Texas, assistant
professor Jean Bismuth said the GORE Hybrid Vascular Graft, for the first time,
palpably bridges the gap between traditional vascular and endovascular surgery.

"The GORE Hybrid Vascular Graft allows the surgeon to create a sutureless
anastomosis and displays significant potential for improving hemodynamics,"
Bismuth added.

The graft incorporates CARMEDA BioActive Surface (CBAS Surface) with covalently
bonded heparin and preserves the amount of access sites available throughout the
patient's long-term therapy.

The Gore Venous Access Business associate Chuck Biggerstaff said, "Receiving CE
Mark for the GORE Hybrid Vascular Graft demonstrates our commitment to providing
physicians with innovative technology that can expand treatment options and
improve patient outcomes worldwide."

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2012 Progressive Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             136 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          February 17, 2016 Wednesday

Head Line: US Federal Contract Notice: Department of the Army (Hawaii) Issues
Solicitation for "Nerve Graft"

LENGTH: 316 words

DATELINE: Lahore


WASHINGTON: Department of the Army, U.S. Army Medical Command officer has issued
requirement for "Nerve Graft"

Solicitation No: W81K02-16-T-0029

Notice Type: Sources Sought
Posted Date: February 16, 2016

Description: This is a Sources Sought Notice (Request for Information). This is
not a solicitation. The Government seeks a vendor that can provide AxoGen nerve
grafts for the Department of Surgery at Tripler Army Medical Center, Hawaii. The
nerve grafts shall be 15mm in length conduits and 40mm in length wraps. The
nerve grafts shall be a surgical implant designed to be an interface between the
nerve and the surrounding tissue. The nerve grafts shall be flexible to
accommodate movement of the joint and associated tendons, and have sufficient
mechanical strength to hold sutures. The intended use of these nerve grafts
shall be for the peripheral nerve discontinuities where gap closure can be
achieved by flexion of the extremity. All grafts shall be sterile and intended
for single use. The delivery date shall be 24 Feb 2016. NAICS code is 339112.
Interested parties shall reply to Regional Health Contracting office - Pacific
VIA EMAIL to riley.r.yogi.civ@mail.mil TELEPHONE REQUESTS WILL NOT BE HONORED.

Please indicate your interest and/or ability to provide all the items and also
provide a current copy of your price list for all the items and your
capabilities statement NO LATER THAN 18 FEB 2016, 10:00 AM Hawaii Standard Time
or 3:00 PM Eastern Time. VENDOR MUST BE ABLE TO PROVIDE 100% OF THE ITEMS BEING
REQUESTED. Forward any questions via email to Mr. Riley Yogi at
riley.r.yogi.civ@mail.mil, Regional Health Contracting office - Pacific, Ft.
Shafter, Hawaii.

Set Aside: N/A

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 339

Contact Details: ATTN: MCAA PC BLDG 160 160 Krukowski Road Honolulu, Hawaii
96859-5000

Point of Contact(s): Riley Yogi riley.r.yogi.civ@mail.mil Phone: 8084385118


LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             137 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Patriot Ledger (Quincy, MA)

                             June 28, 2005 Tuesday
                                  City Edition

NEWSLINE - BUSINESS;
Verizon Wireless expands Net service

BYLINE: Patriot Ledger Staff And News Services

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 441 words


Verizon Wireless has expanded the coverage area for its high-speed Internet
service to include most of the South Shore.

The cell phone company said its BroadbandAccess product is now available in
towns along Route 3 from Braintree to Kingston. The coverage area is bordered by
the ocean and includes towns as far west as Raynham, Bridgewater and Middleboro.
Previously, the high-speed wireless Internet service was available in Boston,
Quincy and towns along Route 128.

Verizon Wireless unveiled the expansion yesterday as part of its effort to
deliver high-speed Internet service to communities east of Interstate 495. The
service costs $80 a month for unlimited Internet usage and requires the purchase
of a Verizon Wireless air card.

Boston Scientific recalls graft devices

NATICK - Medical device maker Boston Scientific Corp. said it is voluntarily
recalling all of its Hemashield Vantage Vascular Grafts worldwide that were made
in the past two years. The company said the grafts, which are used in peripheral
heart procedures, may fray or tear during suturing, and could cause
post-operative complications. Boston Scientific said it is aware of three
reported post-operative failures that occurred between three and seven days
post-procedure. In all of the cases, the patients were successfully treated by
resuturing the graft or replacing it. The number of devices shipped but not yet
implanted is estimated to be 500. The Natick company ships about 2,180 of the
devices per year and posted $1.2 million revenue from the product in 2004.
Worcester Polytech to construct building

WORCESTER - Business and civic leaders held a groundbreaking yesterday to begin
construction of a 124,000-square-foot life sciences center on the edge of the
city's downtown. The Worcester Polytechnic Institute Life Sciences and
Bioengineering Center is being partially funded with $7.5 million in federal
money. It's a joint venture between WPI and the Worcester Business Development
Corp.

'Kinder, gentler' rapper in Reebok ad

CANTON - Rapper 50 Cent shows off his athletic abilities - and his new Gxt II
cross-trainers - in Reebok International's latest TV ad.

The Canton sneaker maker courted controversy earlier this year with a 50 Cent ad
that critics said glorified street crime.

In the new ad, the kinder, gentler 50 Cent plays urban stickball with Red Sox
slugger Manny Ramirez. The rapper also spars with middleweight champ Ronald
"Winky" Wright and plays street football with Philadelphia Eagles quarterback
Donovan McNabb. Reebok's Gxt II athletic shoes will be available in stores next
month at a retail price of $90. Patriot Ledger staff and news services

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2005 The Patriot Ledger


                             138 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                    GlobalData - Major Products and Services

                                February 6, 2017

                                   AlloSource

                                6278 S Troy Cir
                                Centennial 80111
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
PRODUCTS:

   AlloSource is a non-profit organization that offers bone and soft tissue
allografts including tendons, ligaments, and entire joints for the use in a
number of medical treatments. The company's major products include the
following: Products:

   Osteobiologics Products:


     ·    Demineralized Bone Matrix
     ·    AlloStem Cellular Bone Allograft
     ·    AlloFuse DBM Gels, Pastes and Putties
     ·    AlloFlex Cancellous Bone Allograft


   General Orthopedic Grafts:


     ·    Non-Demineralized Cancellous Grafts
     ·    Demineralized Cancellous Grafts
     ·    Pre-Shaped Cancellous Blocks
     ·    Pre-Shaped Cancellous Cubes
     ·    Crushed Cancellous
     ·    Cancellous Chips
     ·    Cortical/Cancellous Chips
     ·    Demineralized Cancellous Chips
     ·    Freeze-Dried Grafts
     ·    Frozen Structural Grafts


   Spinal Allograft Tissue:


     ·    Cervical Grafts
     ·    Cervical Spacers
     ·    Parallel Cervical Spacer
     ·    Textured Lordotic Cervical Spacer


   Sports Medicine Grafts:


     ·    AlloMend Acellular Dermal Matrix
     ·    AlloWrap DS Human Amniotic Membrane
     ·    Allograft Tendons
     ·    Tendon Configurations


   Fresh Grafts:


     ·    Menisci Grafts
     ·    Tibial Plateaus Grafts
     ·    Osteochondral Grafts
     ·    Osteochondral Core
     ·    Trochlea
     ·    Partial Hemi-Condyle
     ·    Hemi-Condyle
     ·    Pateller Grafts
     ·    Talar Grafts


   Large Grafts


     ·    Femur Graft
     ·    Distal Femur Graft
     ·    Proxima Femur Graft
     ·    Fibula Graft
     ·    Radius Graft
     ·    Ulna Graft
     ·    Humerus Graft
     ·    Ilium Graft
     ·    Tibia Graft


   Specialty Grafts:


     ·    AlloWrap DS Human Amniotic Membrane
     ·    AlloMend Acellular Dermal Matrix


   Burn and Wound Care Allografts:


     ·    Skin Allografts:
     ·    AlloSkin Meshed Human Allograft Skin
     ·    AlloSkin RT Meshed Human Dermal Graft Brands:


   Allogro


     ·    AlloFuse
     ·    AlloCraft
     ·    Cadence
     ·    Osteocel
     ·    AlloPac
     ·    CanPac
     ·    AlloFlex
     ·    AlloSponge
     ·    AlloStem
     ·    AlloMend
     ·    AlloWrap
     ·    AlloSkin



* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Business Description                    Company Overview
Company Product Pipeline Analysis       Company Statement
Events                                  History
Investments                             Key Employee Biographies
Key Employees                           Key Facts
Locations and Subsidiaries              Major Products and Services
SWOT Analysis                           Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: February 6, 2017


                             139 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                            January 5, 2017 Thursday

Head Line: US Patent granted to L&C BIO CO., LTD on January 3, 2017 titled as
"Acellular dermal graft"

LENGTH: 271 words

DATELINE: New York


ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no.
9,532,866 on January 3, 2017, to L&C BIO CO., LTD titled as "Acellular dermal
graft"

Inventors: Kim; Joon Yong (Seongnam-si, KR), Kim; Byung Moo (Seongnam-si, KR),
Hwang; Yong Sup (Seoul, KR), Lee; Whan Chul (Yongin-si, KR), Seo; Soo Jeong
(Seongnam-si, KR), Lee; Ju Hee (Newton, MA), Kim; Hyun
Assignee: L&C BIO CO., LTD. (Seongnam-si, Gyeonggi-Do, KR)



According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "An
acellular dermal graft is provided. The acellular dermal graft may be useful in
minimizing side effects caused after transplantation since an environment
favorable for formation of new blood vessels and proliferation of autologous
tissues is provided by forming a multi-penetration structure in an acellular
dermal tissue, removing a basement membrane layer and/or subjecting corners to
slope cutting, and transplantation is stably performed within a short
transplantation time due to improved extensibility and flexibility of tissues.
The acellular dermal graft may be useful in reducing a time required to recover
tissues after transplantation since the transplantation is stably performed due
to improved grafting reaction with a host tissue by enhancing uptake of
fibroblasts and promoting angiogenic activities. Also, the acellular dermal
graft may be useful in maintaining smooth external appearance since hypodermic
implantation is easily performed upon transplantation, and the skin at a graft
site does not protrude after transplantation."

The patent was filed on September 11, 2014 Application No. 14/484,031


LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             140 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 24, 2014 Thursday

USPTO Published Patent application of MEDTRONIC VASCULAR, INC. titled as
"Radiopaque Markers for Visualizing an Edge of an Endovascular Graft"

LENGTH: 262  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an application no.
20140200656, published on July 17, 2014, by MEDTRONIC VASCULAR, INC., titled as
"Radiopaque Markers for Visualizing an Edge of an Endovascular Graft" for the
registration of patent.

Inventors:  Thomas; Richard; (Santa Rosa, CA) ; Sneed; Dustin; (Santa Rosa, CA)
Assignee:  MEDTRONIC VASCULAR, INC.
Santa Rosa
CA

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "An
endovascular prosthesis is disclosed that includes a tubular graft and a
radiopaque marker attached to envelop or enfold an edge of the tubular graft. A
first segment of the radiopaque marker extends against an interior surface of
the tubular graft and a second segment of the radiopaque marker extends against
an exterior surface of the tubular graft such that the first and second segments
sandwich or straddle the edge of the tubular graft. The radiopaque marker may
include a living hinge that demarcates the first and second segments and aligns
with the tubular graft edge when the radiopaque marker is attached thereto. The
radiopaque marker may have a substantially U shape with the first and second
segments biased toward each other by an end segment such that the end segment
aligns with the tubular graft edge when the radiopaque marker is attached
thereto."

The Patent was filed on January 17, 2013 under application No. 20140200656

For more information please visit: http://www.uspto.gov/. In case of any query
regarding this article or other content needs please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             141 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 24, 2014 Thursday

USPTO Published Patent application of MEDTRONIC VASCULAR, INC. titled as
"Radiopaque Markers for Visualizing an Edge of an Endovascular Graft"

LENGTH: 262  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an application no.
20140200656, published on July 17, 2014, by MEDTRONIC VASCULAR, INC., titled as
"Radiopaque Markers for Visualizing an Edge of an Endovascular Graft" for the
registration of patent.

Inventors:  Thomas; Richard; (Santa Rosa, CA) ; Sneed; Dustin; (Santa Rosa, CA)
Assignee:  MEDTRONIC VASCULAR, INC.
Santa Rosa
CA

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "An
endovascular prosthesis is disclosed that includes a tubular graft and a
radiopaque marker attached to envelop or enfold an edge of the tubular graft. A
first segment of the radiopaque marker extends against an interior surface of
the tubular graft and a second segment of the radiopaque marker extends against
an exterior surface of the tubular graft such that the first and second segments
sandwich or straddle the edge of the tubular graft. The radiopaque marker may
include a living hinge that demarcates the first and second segments and aligns
with the tubular graft edge when the radiopaque marker is attached thereto. The
radiopaque marker may have a substantially U shape with the first and second
segments biased toward each other by an end segment such that the end segment
aligns with the tubular graft edge when the radiopaque marker is attached
thereto."

The Patent was filed on January 17, 2013 under application No. 20140200656

For more information please visit: http://www.uspto.gov/. In case of any query
regarding this article or other content needs please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             142 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            July 23, 2014 Wednesday

USPTO Published Patent application of MEDTRONIC VASCULAR, INC. titled as
"Radiopaque Markers for Visualizing an Edge of an Endovascular Graft"

LENGTH: 263  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an application no.
20140200656, published on July 17, 2014, by MEDTRONIC VASCULAR, INC., titled as
"Radiopaque Markers for Visualizing an Edge of an Endovascular Graft" for the
registration of patent.

Inventors:  Thomas; Richard; (Santa Rosa, CA) ; Sneed; Dustin; (Santa Rosa, CA)

Assignee:  MEDTRONIC VASCULAR, INC.
Santa Rosa
CA

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "An
endovascular prosthesis is disclosed that includes a tubular graft and a
radiopaque marker attached to envelop or enfold an edge of the tubular graft. A
first segment of the radiopaque marker extends against an interior surface of
the tubular graft and a second segment of the radiopaque marker extends against
an exterior surface of the tubular graft such that the first and second segments
sandwich or straddle the edge of the tubular graft. The radiopaque marker may
include a living hinge that demarcates the first and second segments and aligns
with the tubular graft edge when the radiopaque marker is attached thereto. The
radiopaque marker may have a substantially U shape with the first and second
segments biased toward each other by an end segment such that the end segment
aligns with the tubular graft edge when the radiopaque marker is attached
thereto."

The Patent was filed on January 17, 2013 under application No. 20140200656

For more information please visit: http://www.uspto.gov/. In case of any query
regarding this article or other content needs please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             143 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Medical Device Daily

                            January 24, 2006 Tuesday

Court report

LENGTH: 551 words


Court report

Medtronic paying Edwards and Endogad $37.5M in settlement

A Medical Device Daily Staff Report

Edwards Lifesciences (Irvine, California) reported that it has entered into an
agreement with Medtronic (Minneapolis) and Medtronic Vascular (Santa Rosa,
California), resolving patent infringement litigation initiated in August 2003
by Edwards and Endogad Research (Sydney, Australia), the company formed by the
clinician-inventors of the patents at issue.

The alleged infringement was of certain patents related to modular or multi-part
endovascular grafts especially suited for treatment of various types of
aneurysms, including abdominal aortic aneurysms (AAA).

In exchange for a cash payment of $37.5 million to Edwards and Endogad,
Medtronic has been granted non-exclusive licenses to the patents involved in the
litigation, as well as to other patents relating to endovascular AAA grafts and
delivery systems.

Medtronic also has purchased delivery system assets to be used with AAA grafts.
Edwards said it expects to record a special pre-tax gain in 1Q06 of about $20
million, after taking into account its agreement with Endogad and legal
expenses.

Stuart Foster, Edwards' corporate vice president, technology and discovery,
said, "This resolution protects the interests of Edwards and our
clinician-inventor partners, with whom we work to create new technologies for
the treatment of advanced cardiovascular disease."

Edwards and Endogad remain in litigation with Cook (Bloomington, Indiana) and
W.L. Gore & Associates (Flagstaff, Arizona) regarding infringement of the
patents that are owned by Endogad and exclusively licensed to Edwards. The
products named in the original suit include Medtronic's AneuRx Stent Graft and
Talent Stent Graft Systems, Cook's Zenith Endovascular Graft and Gore's Excluder
Bifurcated Endoprothesis.

Edwards' global brands, sold in about 100 countries, include Carpentier-Edwards,
Cosgrove-Edwards, Fogarty, LifeStent, Perimount and Swan-Ganz.

In other legalities, Bay Materials (Menlo Park, Califor nia), a supplier to
Align Technology (Santa Clara, California), has filed suit vs. Align, alleging
fraud, negligent misrepresentation, breach of contract and violating its code of
business ethics.

Bay Materials says that it invested "considerable resources and time over a
period of several years" to develop a proprietary product for Align for use in
the production of Align's Invisalign invisible braces method, and that Align
then reneged on its oral and written agreements to purchase the material from
Bay.

Bay Materials' lawsuit says that after expending considerable R&D costs and
maintaining a large inventory of the material, as required by their agreements,
Align then refused delivery and payment of product and switched suppliers.

It alleges that Align also violated its own published code of business ethics
and directly approached two of Bay Materials' subcontractors with the intent of
excluding Bay Materials from providing the proprietary material to produce the
invisible braces for Align.

Align Technology, which also has been engaged in a litigation with another
company, OrthoClear (San Francisco), has seen its share value drop by nearly
two-thirds from a high of $21 a share in January 2004. It closed at $7.59 a
share on Jan. 20.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                          Copyright 2006 AHC Media LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             144 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 18, 2015 Wednesday

ROHM AND HAAS ELECTRONIC MATERIALS LLC (Massachusetts) has applies for US Patent
titled as "SELF-ASSEMBLED STRUCTURES, METHOD OF MANUFACTURE THEREOF AND ARTICLES
COMPRISING THE SAME"

LENGTH: 263  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an application no.
20150072292 for US Patent, published on March 12, 2015, by ROHM AND HAAS
ELECTRONIC MATERIALS LLC (Massachusetts), titled as "SELF-ASSEMBLED STRUCTURES,
METHOD OF MANUFACTURE THEREOF AND ARTICLES COMPRISING THE SAME" for the
registration of patent.

Inventors:   Cho; Sangho; (Bryan, TX) ; Sun; Guorong; (Bryan, TX) ; Wooley;
Karen L.; (College Station, TX) ; Thackeray; James W.; (Braintree, MA) ;
Trefonas, III; Peter; (Medway, MA)

Assignee: ROHM AND HAAS ELECTRONIC MATERIALS LLC
THE TEXAS A&M UNIVERSITY SYSTEM

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office:
"Disclosed herein is a photoresist composition comprising a graft block
copolymer; a solvent and a photoacid generator; where the graft block copolymer
comprises a first block polymer; the first block polymer comprising a backbone
polymer and a first graft polymer; where the first graft polymer comprises a
surface energy reducing moiety that comprises a halocarbon moiety or a silicon
containing moiety; and a second block polymer; the second block polymer being
covalently bonded to the first block; wherein the second block comprises the
backbone polymer and a second graft polymer; where the second graft polymer
comprises a functional group that is operative to undergo deprotection and alter
the solubility of the graft block copolymer; where the graft block copolymer has
a bottle brush topology."


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             145 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Medical Device Daily

                           February 16, 2010 Tuesday

Study: stent grafts top balloon angioplasty for dialysis patients

LENGTH: 1211 words

Medical Device Daily Staff Writer

 Completing a randomized multicenter study is a bit like writing a screenplay in
that it takes about the same amount of time, Ziv Haskal, MD, FSIR, told Medical
Device Daily.

That was one of the many lessons Haskal learned while working on a recently
published study of 190 patients at 13 centers that has shown the benefit of
stent grafts over balloon angioplasty for maintaining function of dialysis
access grafts in kidney failure patients who undergo dialysis. At six months,
the stent grafts allowed dialysis patients to continue life-saving treatment
with significantly fewer interruptions and invasive procedures, according to the
study, which was published in the Feb. 11 issue of the New England Journal of
Medicine. Until now, no other therapy has proven more effective than angioplasty
for these patients.

"This is part of seven years of work, from concept to feasibility to finding an
industry partner to designing a trial to educating the FDA that this was a
high-need population that had an issue . . . and finally the editorial process
[in the NEJM]," said Haskal, vice chair of strategic development and chief of
vascular and interventional radiology at the University of Maryland Medical
Center (Baltimore).

Haskal said that when he started the study it was "incredibly controversial."

"The idea that you could put a stent graft in this area, the hallowed space
where only surgeries could occur, was really a bit of an educational battle," he
said.

Hemodialysis is the leading treatment for more than 340,000 U.S. patients with
end-stage renal disease or kidney failure, the researchers noted.

"Stent grafts are a game changer for dialysis patients, especially for those who
suffer due to the repeated need for invasive procedures to maintain their
ability to get dialysis," Haskal said. "This study - the first large prospective
controlled study of its kind - shows that this novel therapy [stent grafts]
provides clear improvement over balloon angioplasty by prolonging the function
of a patient's bypass without surgery - helping individuals avoid additional
invasive procedures and time in the hospital."

Haskal, who is also professor of radiology and surgery at the University of
Maryland School of Medicine, was the lead investigator and co-author of "Stent
Graft Versus Balloon Angioplasty for Failing Dialysis-access Grafts."

"Stent grafts overwhelmingly performed better than balloon angioplasty for
maintaining access in dialysis patients, providing superior patency and freedom
from repeat interventions. What we've done is arguably supersede the results of
surgery by improving the flow dynamics beyond those achievable with an
operation."

Thirteen participating sites - including academic, community-based, inpatient
and freestanding outpatient dialysis centers - enrolled 190 patients (69 men,
121 women) with failing arteriovenous grafts in this study. Ninety-seven
patients received stent grafts, while 93 underwent balloon angioplasty
(percutaneous transluminal angioplasty or PTA). There were no significant
differences between graft and PTA groups with respect to demographics or
relevant medical history, the authors noted. Nearly 51% of dialysis accesses
treated with stent grafts remained open at six months, as compared to just 23%
of those treated with balloon angioplasties. Treating physicians had a nearly
94% success rate at implanting the stent grafts. There were no differences in
adverse events between the two approaches.

"Interventional radiologists work to keep access to the circulatory system open
to ensure that patients with end-stage renal disease can continue to receive
regular life-saving dialysis," said Brian Stainken, MD, FSIR, president of the
Society of Interventional Radiology (Fairfax, Virginia). "This study is another
example of the way in which interventional radiologists pioneer advances to
improve health care for patients - in this case, specifically for kidney failure
patients." Stainken is an interventional radiologist who is also president of
the Imaging Network of Rhode Island and chair of the diagnostic imaging
department at Roger Williams Medical Center (Providence, Rhode Island).

When kidneys fail - called chronic kidney or end-stage renal disease - treatment
in the form of regular dialysis (or hemodialysis) is needed to replace the
kidney's job of ridding the body of toxic waste products to maintain fluid,
electrolyte and acid-base balance. Before dialysis can begin, patients often
have a vascular access graft surgically placed in the arm to provide a high-flow
site. This prosthetic fistula (or passageway) works by connecting a patient's
vein with an artery in his or her forearm, allowing high flow of blood from the
artery into the vein.

Over time, the accesses narrow and block off (occlude) due to buildup of scar
tissue. Failing or occluded dialysis access grafts cause considerable morbidity,
discomfort and inconvenience for dialysis patients due to the need for invasive
procedures to reestablish access flow or to graft abandonment and reoperation.
When failure occurs, an interventional radiologist normally performs a balloon
angioplasty to reopen the fistula and regain access for dialysis.

Other co-authors of the study were Scott Trerotola, MD, FSIR, of the Hospital of
the University of Pennsylvania (Philadelphia); Bart Dolmatch, MD, FSIR, of the
University of Texas/Southwestern Medical Center (Dallas); Earl Schuman, MD, of
Oregon Surgical Consultants (Portland); Sanford Altman, MD, of the Open Access
Vascular Access Center (Miami, Florida); Samuel Mietling, MD, of the Vascular
Access Center (Augusta, Georgia); Scott Berman, MD, of Vascular Surgery (Tucson
Arizona); Gordon McLennan, MD, FSIR, of the Indiana University School of
Medicine (Indianapolis); Clayton Trimmer of the University of Texas/Southwestern
Medical Center; John Ross, MD, of the Bamberg County Hospital and Nursing Center
(Bamberg, South Carolina); and Thomas Vesely, MD, FSIR, of the Vascular Access
Center of Frontenac Grove (Frontenac, Missouri).

"The surprising, or great, outcome [of the study] is not just that it controlled
that area, but it really turns down or mutes the stimulus to growing the next
narrowing," Haskal said. He added that he does not receive any royalties from
sales of the device used in the study.

An accompanying editorial, written by Robert Kerlan, Jr., MD, and Jeanne
LaBerge, MD, called "Fistula First, Stent Graft Second," says the superiority of
autogenous arteriovenous fistulas as compared with prosthetic artiovenous grafts
is well established. Fistulas have a far lower risk of failure and a reduced
requirement for revision as compared with prosthetic grafts, Kerlan and LaBerge
wrote.

"We absolutely agree [with the editorial]," Haskal said. "But for those patients
who may prove to be inadequate candidates for a fistula . . . a stent graft
becomes a much more durable and more suitable" option.

Haskal told MDD that he and his fellow researchers are currently enrolling
patients in a longer-term, multicenter follow-up study, RENOVA, which will look
at long-term outcomes of treating dialysis patients with stent grafts over
balloon angioplasty.

Amanda Pedersen, 229-471-4212;

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                          Copyright 2010 AHC Media LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             146 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Medical Device Daily

                           February 16, 2010 Tuesday

Study: stent grafts top balloon angioplasty for dialysis patients

LENGTH: 1211 words

Medical Device Daily Staff Writer

 Completing a randomized multicenter study is a bit like writing a screenplay in
that it takes about the same amount of time, Ziv Haskal, MD, FSIR, told Medical
Device Daily.

That was one of the many lessons Haskal learned while working on a recently
published study of 190 patients at 13 centers that has shown the benefit of
stent grafts over balloon angioplasty for maintaining function of dialysis
access grafts in kidney failure patients who undergo dialysis. At six months,
the stent grafts allowed dialysis patients to continue life-saving treatment
with significantly fewer interruptions and invasive procedures, according to the
study, which was published in the Feb. 11 issue of the New England Journal of
Medicine. Until now, no other therapy has proven more effective than angioplasty
for these patients.

"This is part of seven years of work, from concept to feasibility to finding an
industry partner to designing a trial to educating the FDA that this was a
high-need population that had an issue . . . and finally the editorial process
[in the NEJM]," said Haskal, vice chair of strategic development and chief of
vascular and interventional radiology at the University of Maryland Medical
Center (Baltimore).

Haskal said that when he started the study it was "incredibly controversial."

"The idea that you could put a stent graft in this area, the hallowed space
where only surgeries could occur, was really a bit of an educational battle," he
said.

Hemodialysis is the leading treatment for more than 340,000 U.S. patients with
end-stage renal disease or kidney failure, the researchers noted.

"Stent grafts are a game changer for dialysis patients, especially for those who
suffer due to the repeated need for invasive procedures to maintain their
ability to get dialysis," Haskal said. "This study - the first large prospective
controlled study of its kind - shows that this novel therapy [stent grafts]
provides clear improvement over balloon angioplasty by prolonging the function
of a patient's bypass without surgery - helping individuals avoid additional
invasive procedures and time in the hospital."

Haskal, who is also professor of radiology and surgery at the University of
Maryland School of Medicine, was the lead investigator and co-author of "Stent
Graft Versus Balloon Angioplasty for Failing Dialysis-access Grafts."

"Stent grafts overwhelmingly performed better than balloon angioplasty for
maintaining access in dialysis patients, providing superior patency and freedom
from repeat interventions. What we've done is arguably supersede the results of
surgery by improving the flow dynamics beyond those achievable with an
operation."

Thirteen participating sites - including academic, community-based, inpatient
and freestanding outpatient dialysis centers - enrolled 190 patients (69 men,
121 women) with failing arteriovenous grafts in this study. Ninety-seven
patients received stent grafts, while 93 underwent balloon angioplasty
(percutaneous transluminal angioplasty or PTA). There were no significant
differences between graft and PTA groups with respect to demographics or
relevant medical history, the authors noted. Nearly 51% of dialysis accesses
treated with stent grafts remained open at six months, as compared to just 23%
of those treated with balloon angioplasties. Treating physicians had a nearly
94% success rate at implanting the stent grafts. There were no differences in
adverse events between the two approaches.

"Interventional radiologists work to keep access to the circulatory system open
to ensure that patients with end-stage renal disease can continue to receive
regular life-saving dialysis," said Brian Stainken, MD, FSIR, president of the
Society of Interventional Radiology (Fairfax, Virginia). "This study is another
example of the way in which interventional radiologists pioneer advances to
improve health care for patients - in this case, specifically for kidney failure
patients." Stainken is an interventional radiologist who is also president of
the Imaging Network of Rhode Island and chair of the diagnostic imaging
department at Roger Williams Medical Center (Providence, Rhode Island).

When kidneys fail - called chronic kidney or end-stage renal disease - treatment
in the form of regular dialysis (or hemodialysis) is needed to replace the
kidney's job of ridding the body of toxic waste products to maintain fluid,
electrolyte and acid-base balance. Before dialysis can begin, patients often
have a vascular access graft surgically placed in the arm to provide a high-flow
site. This prosthetic fistula (or passageway) works by connecting a patient's
vein with an artery in his or her forearm, allowing high flow of blood from the
artery into the vein.

Over time, the accesses narrow and block off (occlude) due to buildup of scar
tissue. Failing or occluded dialysis access grafts cause considerable morbidity,
discomfort and inconvenience for dialysis patients due to the need for invasive
procedures to reestablish access flow or to graft abandonment and reoperation.
When failure occurs, an interventional radiologist normally performs a balloon
angioplasty to reopen the fistula and regain access for dialysis.

Other co-authors of the study were Scott Trerotola, MD, FSIR, of the Hospital of
the University of Pennsylvania (Philadelphia); Bart Dolmatch, MD, FSIR, of the
University of Texas/Southwestern Medical Center (Dallas); Earl Schuman, MD, of
Oregon Surgical Consultants (Portland); Sanford Altman, MD, of the Open Access
Vascular Access Center (Miami, Florida); Samuel Mietling, MD, of the Vascular
Access Center (Augusta, Georgia); Scott Berman, MD, of Vascular Surgery (Tucson
Arizona); Gordon McLennan, MD, FSIR, of the Indiana University School of
Medicine (Indianapolis); Clayton Trimmer of the University of Texas/Southwestern
Medical Center; John Ross, MD, of the Bamberg County Hospital and Nursing Center
(Bamberg, South Carolina); and Thomas Vesely, MD, FSIR, of the Vascular Access
Center of Frontenac Grove (Frontenac, Missouri).

"The surprising, or great, outcome [of the study] is not just that it controlled
that area, but it really turns down or mutes the stimulus to growing the next
narrowing," Haskal said. He added that he does not receive any royalties from
sales of the device used in the study.

An accompanying editorial, written by Robert Kerlan, Jr., MD, and Jeanne
LaBerge, MD, called "Fistula First, Stent Graft Second," says the superiority of
autogenous arteriovenous fistulas as compared with prosthetic artiovenous grafts
is well established. Fistulas have a far lower risk of failure and a reduced
requirement for revision as compared with prosthetic grafts, Kerlan and LaBerge
wrote.

"We absolutely agree [with the editorial]," Haskal said. "But for those patients
who may prove to be inadequate candidates for a fistula . . . a stent graft
becomes a much more durable and more suitable" option.

Haskal told MDD that he and his fellow researchers are currently enrolling
patients in a longer-term, multicenter follow-up study, RENOVA, which will look
at long-term outcomes of treating dialysis patients with stent grafts over
balloon angioplasty.

Amanda Pedersen, 229-471-4212;

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                          Copyright 2010 AHC Media LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             147 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                   July 13, 2003 Sunday MORNING FINAL EDITION

STENT MAKERS CARRY ON AMID GUIDANT WOES;
THEY SAY RISING NUMBER OF ANEURYSMS CALL FOR IMPROVEMENTS IN TECHNOLOGY
SOME STENT MAKERS ARE SEEKING TO ASSUME A PIECE OF THE BUSINESS LEFT BEHIND BY
THE DISMANTLING OF GUIDANT'S PRODUCT
OTHERS ARE DEVELOPING A NEW GENERATION OF THE DEVICE.

BYLINE: MICHELE CHANDLER, Mercury News

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 1F

LENGTH: 1111 words


Slapped with hefty fines by the government for concealing serious troubles
linked to its medical device that bolsters weak abdominal arteries, Guidant has
stopped manufacturing the product.

But other companies remain in the business of making stent-grafts. Three firms
now sell their version of the product, while several more Bay Area companies are
developing a new generation of the device.

Just because Guidant failed to report problems to government regulators, said
surgeon-entrepreneur Thomas Fogarty, "That doesn't mean the need for an improved
technology isn't still there. Whenever there are deficiencies, all that means is
there is a need for improvement."

Fogarty and others are seeking to assume a piece of the business left behind by
the dismantling of Guidant's Endovascular Technologies subsidiary. One of the
first entrants to the market when its Ancure Endograft System received approval
in 1999, Endovascular had about 25 percent of the $250 million industry
abdominal stent-graft industry last year.

Fogarty, the prolific Stanford University cardiovascular surgeon-entrepreneur,
is backing an early stent-graft venture, a concept under development that he
calls a "stent-graft-plus." Fogarty should know the devices well. He helped
found the stent-graft company AneuRx, which was acquired by Medtronic in 1996
and became Guidant's top competitor in that market.

Medtronic, a Minnesota-based medical company, had its stent-graft device
approved in 1999, on the same day as Guidant's product was approved by the Food
and Drug Administration. Medtronic's product, made in Santa Rosa, now claims 65
percent of the U.S. stent-graft market.

Recent rivals include W.L. Gore & Assoc. of Delaware, which has sold its stent-
graft since November 2002. The newest entrant, Cook of Indiana, has had its
device on the U.S. market for two months.

Propelling these efforts is the rising number of people who develop weak spots,
called aneurysms, in a major artery called the aorta that runs from the heart
through the abdomen. Known as abdominal aortic aneurysms, they are a potentially
deadly condition that's largely the result of an aging population and the
overall incidence of high blood pressure and heart disease.

Medical officials estimate that up to 9 percent of people over the age of 60
have an aneurysm, and most have no symptoms.

Aneurysms are prone to swell like a balloon and can eventually burst, leading to
severe internal bleeding. Fewer than half of people with a ruptured abdominal
aortic aneurysm survive.

The most common treatment is surgery during which the abdomen is cut open and
internal organs are moved aside so the damaged aorta can be repaired. The
surgery carries a mortality rate of about 5 percent and a hospital stay of at
least a week.

Since coming on the market four years ago, stent-grafts have been presented as a
less traumatic treatment. The devices are loaded into a thin, flexible tube,
inserted through small incisions in the groin, threaded up through the network
of arteries and deployed once the damaged section of the aorta is reached.
Stent-graft devices result in less trauma to the body and a faster recovery,
medical experts say.

Complications

But complications can occur. Sometimes the devices or the insertion system get
stuck in the body, requiring open surgery. Other problems occur when an
incomplete seal permits blood to continue leaking into the aneurysm.

Guidant recalled its Ancure device temporarily in 2001, reintroducing it after
five months with FDA-approved labeling changes to detail how to break and remove
the device's insertion handle should it become lodged.

Medtronic AVE also attracted attention from the FDA. In 2001, the federal agency
notified medical professionals nationwide about two dozen aneurysm ruptures and
other complications experienced by patients who received Medtronic's AneuRx
Stent Graft System. Doctors were urged to follow their implanted patients
carefully and report any problems they experienced to the FDA and the stent-
graft manufacturer.

Medtronic spokesman Robert Clark said the aneurysm rupture rate during stent-
graft insertions amounted to less than one-half of 1 percent -- less than the
rupture rate reported during open surgery. The company made manufacturing and
labeling changes and the FDA took no enforcement action, an agency spokeswoman
said. Medtronic continues to have an "aggressive" reporting procedure and
extensive program to train physicians how to use its stent-graft device, Clark
said.

Medtronic's AneuRx Stent Graft System remains the market leader, with about 65
percent of the market in the United States. The company has also developed a new
stent-graft, which is awaiting FDA approval.

"There is a major need," said Fred Volinksy a San Francisco physician and
president of RCT Bioventures West. That venture fund is working to launch a
stent-graft start-up.

Asked whether the troubles of Guidant's Ancure device would cause other
entrepreneurs to pull back their own development efforts, Volinksy said, "I
don't think that is going to deter any of us from trying to find the right
solution. It increases our interest because it's an opportunity for innovators
to try to do things more safely and find a better solution to this problem."

Positioning themselves

Other medical device giants have positioned themselves to enter an industry the
FDA called "an important new technology."

* A stent-graft made by Cook and approved by the FDA in May has been approved
and used in Australia since 1997. Cook is holding training sessions for U.S.
physicians, including seminars scheduled in San Francisco last week, said David
Biggs, director of advanced technology management for Cook.

* Johnson and Johnson also acquired a stent-graft start-up, Teramed of
Minnesota, in 2002. That company became part of Johnson & Johnson, and is
conducting device trials in the United States.

* In January, Boston Scientific made an undisclosed investment that could lead
to the purchase of privately held TriVascular, a Santa Rosa start-up. The cash
infusion has allowed TriVascular to double its workforce to 80 from the start of
the year in preparation to launch clinical trials in the United States and
abroad, said Michael Chobotov, a co-founder of the company and its president and
chief executive officer.

* Endologix, a stent-graft company in Irvine, has received approval to sell its
device in Europe. But President and Chief Executive Paul McCormick said the
company's bigger goal is to sell its device in the United States. "The real
value comes with FDA approval in the U.S.," McCormick said.

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: STENT-GRAFT MAKERS
Several companies have stent-grafts on the market or are developing them. They
include:
Medtronic: Headquartered in Minnesota. The market leader in stent-grafts with 65
percent of U.S. stent-graft sales. Has had its stent-graft on the U.S. market
since 1999.
Guidant: Headquartered in Indianapolis. Its Menlo Park subsidiary,EndoVascular
Technologies, pleaded guilty June 12 to concealing malfunctions of its abdominal
stent-graft. Guidant announced June 16 that it had stopped making the Ancure
device and would discontinue sales of the product in October. The company has
about 25 percent of the market.
W.L. Gore & Associates: Headquartered in Newark, Del. In the U.S. market since
November 2002.
Cook: Headquartered in Bloomington, Ind. In the U.S. market since May.
TriVascular: Headquartered in Santa Rosa. Conducting U.S. clinical trials of
abdominal stent-grafts under development at offices in Santa Rosa.
Endologix: Headquartered in Irvine. Conducting U.S. clinical trials.
Johnson & Johnson's Cordis Endovascular: Headquartered in New Jersey. Purchased
Minnesota-based Teramed in 2002. Conducting U.S. device trials.
Source: Mercury News research

GRAPHIC: Photos (2);
PHOTO: PAULINE LUBENS -- MERCURY NEWS
Michael Chobotov, CEO of Santa Rosa start-up TriVascular, holds a stent-graft
device. The Y-shaped device is about 10 inches long.
PHOTO: PAULINE LUBENS -- MERCURY NEWS
Tim Smith inspects stents at TriVascular, one company involved in the growing
stent-graft industry.

                     Copyright 2003 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             148 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. John's Telegram (Newfoundland)

                           December 21, 2006 Thursday

Bypass surgery must often be repeated

BYLINE: Donohue, Paul

SECTION: LIFESTYLES; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 703  words


DEAR DR. DONOHUE: In 1995, I underwent quadruple heart bypass surgery. Now, 11
years later, an angiogram was taken and I was told that the grafts are not
functioning well. A vein from my left leg was used for the grafts. As a result,
a second bypass appears to be imminent. Is this a common occurrence? - I.C.

ANSWER: Heart artery grafts are an amazing medical triumph. They save lives.
They prevent heart attacks. They bring blood to a blood- starved heart. However,
they don't cure the underlying processes that clog blood vessels. Those
processes are atherosclerosis - artery hardening - and artery blockage with
cholesterol, fat and other material. Diet, exercise, weight loss and cholesterol
and blood pressure control are things over which people have control and which
can keep arteries free of obstructing buildup. Genes, however, are something we
cannot control. And their influence on artery hardening goes on. They also
influence buildup in grafts.

In about 10 years after bypass surgery, plaque - the obstructing buildup on
artery walls - greatly affects the flow of blood through many grafts. The degree
to which it obstructs blood flow depends on how much people have done on their
own to prevent plaque formation and how much influence their genes have on
plaque buildup. It also depends on the kind of grafts used. Artery grafts resist
plaque buildup better than vein grafts, but artery grafts are not always
possible.

You are not unique. Repeat bypass surgery is relatively common.

The air down there

DEAR DR. DONOHUE: I have lived in the Great Lakes area all my life, and for most
of my life I have had asthma. I am now retired, and people tell me I wouldn't
have any trouble with asthma if I moved to the Southwest. My family and friends
are here, and I don't want to pull up stakes and move. But I would if I thought
it would help my asthma. Would it? - J.D.

ANSWER: Don't move until you visit there for a length of time. Some asthmatics
find the dry and relatively pollen-free air of the Southwest beneficial. Not all
do, and not all Southwest locales are free of air pollution and pollen. You have
to see for yourself.

The asthma booklet presents this illness and its treatment in detail. Readers
can obtain a copy by writing: Dr. Donohue - No. 602, Box 536475, Orlando, FL
32853-6475. Enclose a cheque or money order (no cash) for $6C.75 with the
recipient's printed name and address. Please allow four weeks for delivery.

Shock treatment

DEAR DR. DONOHUE: I have been under treatment for depression for more than 10
years. I take medicine and see a doctor for it, and I have done so for all these
years. My depression has gotten a little better for short periods, but it has
never gone completely and it still affects my life greatly. I have been on many
different medicines. They don't help me a lot. My doctor has suggested shock
treatment. The thought scares me. What's your opinion on it? - R.W.

ANSWER: ECT - electroconvulsive, or shock, therapy - suffers an undeservedly bad
reputation be-cause of its name and because of the way it has been portrayed in
books and film.

Nowadays, an observer sees nothing happening to a patient undergoing shock
therapy. The patient is premedicated, and there are no muscle contractions
during the procedure.

This treatment has a valuable place in the treatment of depression. It is
particularly beneficial for someone like you, who doesn't respond well to
medicine and talk therapy. You have nothing to fear from having it. You have
more to fear from continuing depression.

Magic gelatin?

DEAR DR. DONOHUE: Enclosed is an ad for a gelatin with minerals and vitamins in
it. I have arthritis in my knees. I have been taking it. What is your opinion of
it? - J.H.

ANSWER: I'm familiar with the product. I haven't found any medical endorsements
for it. It won't hurt you. I can't say if it will help you. How about letting me
know if it does you any good?

Dr. Donohue regrets that he is unable to answer individual letters, but he will
incorporate them in his column whenever possible. Readers may write him or
request an order form of available health newsletters at P.O. Box 536475,
Orlando, FL 32853-6475. Readers may also order health newsletters from
www.rbmamall.com.

LOAD-DATE: December 21, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2006 St. John's Telegram, a division of Transcontinental Media Group
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             149 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 15, 2014 Wednesday

USPTO Published Patent application of MiMedx Group, Inc. titled as "PLACENTAL
TISSUE GRAFTS AND IMPROVED METHODS OF PREPARING AND USING THE SAME"

LENGTH: 248  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an application no.
20140290837, published on October 02, 2014, by MiMedx Group, Inc., titled as
"PLACENTAL TISSUE GRAFTS AND IMPROVED METHODS OF PREPARING AND USING THE SAME"
for the registration of patent.

Inventors:  Daniel; John; (Woodstock, GA) ; Spencer; Randall; (Acworth, GA) ;
Russo; John; (Sarasota, FL) ; Tofe; Robert; (Denver, CO)
Assignee:  MiMedx Group, Inc.
Marietta
GA

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office:
"Described herein are tissue grafts derived from the placenta. The grafts are
composed of at least one layer of amnion tissue where the epithelium layer has
been substantially removed in order to expose the basement layer to host cells.
By removing the epithelium layer, cells from the host can more readily interact
with the cell-adhesion bio-active factors located onto top and within of the
basement membrane. Also described herein are methods for making and using the
tissue grafts. The laminin structure of amnion tissue is nearly identical to
that of native human tissue such as, for example, oral mucosa tissue. This
includes high level of laminin-5, a cell adhesion bio-active factor show to bind
gingival epithelia-cells, found throughout upper portions of the basement
membrane."

The Patent was filed on February 3, 2014 under application No. 20140290837

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             150 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             January 5, 2015 Monday

USPTO Published Patent application of W. L. Gore & Associates, Inc. titled as
"SELF-EXPANDING, BALLOON EXPANDABLE STENT-GRAFTS"

LENGTH: 213  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an application no.
20150005870, published on January 01, 2015, by W. L. Gore & Associates, Inc.,
titled as "SELF-EXPANDING, BALLOON EXPANDABLE STENT-GRAFTS" for the registration
of patent.

Inventors:  KOVACH; LARRY J.; (Flagstaff, AZ) ; UERLING; RAYMOND W.; (Flagstaff,
AZ)
Assignee:       W. L. Gore & Associates, Inc.
Newark
DE
US

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
stent-graft having a smaller compacted diameter suitable to allow the stent-
graft to be transported through a body conduit to a desired site. The stent-
graft is deployed at the desired site by self-expanding to a first larger
diameter from the smaller compacted diameter. The stent-graft has at least one
flared end when self-expanded to the first larger diameter. The stent graft is
further diametrically expandable by the application of force such as the
inflation of a catheter balloon within the stent-graft to a still larger,
maximum second diameter that is equal to about the maximum diameter of the
flared end."

The Patent was filed on September 17, 2014 under application No. 20150005870

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             151 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 15, 2015 Thursday

US Patent granted to MiMedx Group, Inc. (GA) on January 13 titled as "Placental
tissue grafts"

LENGTH: 229  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 8,932,643, on
January 13, 2014, to MiMedx Group, Inc. (GA), titled as "Placental tissue grafts
"

Inventors: Daniel; John (Woodstock, GA), Tofe; Robert (Denver, CO), Spencer;
Randall (Acworth, GA), Russo; John (Sarasota, FL)
Assignee: MiMedx Group, Inc. (Marietta, GA)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office:
"Described herein are tissue grafts derived from the placenta. The grafts are
composed of at least one layer of amnion tissue where the epithelium layer has
been substantially removed in order to expose the basement layer to host cells.
By removing the epithelium layer, cells from the host can more readily interact
with the cell-adhesion bio-active factors located onto top and within of the
basement membrane. Also described herein are methods for making and using the
tissue grafts. The laminin structure of amnion tissue is nearly identical to
that of native human tissue such as, for example, oral mucosa tissue. This
includes high level of laminin-5, a cell adhesion bio-active factor show to bind
gingival epithelia-cells, found throughout upper portions of the basement
membrane."

The patent was filed on. March 31, 2014 Application no. 14/231,553

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             152 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 3, 2014 Monday

USPTO Published Patent application of MiMedx Group, Inc. titled as "PLACENTAL
TISSUE GRAFTS AND IMPROVED METHODS OF PREPARING AND USING THE SAME"

LENGTH: 247  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an application no.
20140322289, published on October 30, 2014, by MiMedx Group, Inc., titled as
"PLACENTAL TISSUE GRAFTS AND IMPROVED METHODS OF PREPARING AND USING THE SAME"
for the registration of patent.

Inventors:  Daniel; John; (Woodstock, GA) ; Spencer; Randall; (Acworth, GA) ;
Russo; John; (Sarasota, FL) ; Tofe; Robert; (Denver, CO)
Assignee: MiMedx Group, Inc.
Marietta
GA
US

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office:
"Described herein are tissue grafts derived from the placenta. The grafts are
composed of at least one layer of amnion tissue where the epithelium layer has
been substantially removed in order to expose the basement layer to host cells.
By removing the epithelium layer, cells from the host can more readily interact
with the cell-adhesion bio-active factors located onto top and within of the
basement membrane. Also described herein are methods for making and using the
tissue grafts. The laminin structure of amnion tissue is nearly identical to
that of native human tissue such as, for example, oral mucosa tissue. This
includes high level of laminin-5, a cell adhesion bio-active factor show to bind
gingival epithelia-cells, found throughout upper portions of the basement
membrane."

The Patent was filed on July 3, 2014 under application No. 20140322289

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             153 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 1, 2014 Thursday

US Patent granted to Mimedx Group, Inc (Georgia) on April 29 titled as
"Placental tissue grafts"

LENGTH: 240  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 8,709,493, on
April 29, 2014, to Mimedx Group, Inc (Georgia), titled as "Placental tissue
grafts"

Inventors:  Daniel; John (Woodstock, GA), Tofe; Robert (Denver, CO), Spencer;
Randall (Acworth, GA), Russo; John (Sarasota, FL)

Assignee:  Mimedx Group, Inc. (Kennesaw, GA)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office:
"Described herein are tissue grafts derived from the placenta. The grafts are
composed of at least one layer of amnion tissue where the epithelium layer has
been substantially removed in order to expose the basement layer to host cells.
By removing the epithelium layer, cells from the host can more readily interact
with the cell-adhesion bio-active factors located onto top and within of the
basement membrane. Also described herein are methods for making and using the
tissue grafts. The laminin structure of amnion tissue is nearly identical to
that of native human tissue such as, for example, oral mucosa tissue. This
includes high level of laminin-5, a cell adhesion bio-active factor show to bind
gingival epithelia-cells, found throughout upper portions of the basement
membrane."

The patent was filed on February 12, 2013 Application no.  13/765,640

For more information please visit: http://www.uspto.gov/. In case of any query
regarding this article or other content needs please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             154 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Medical Device Daily

                             April 14, 2003 Monday

Panel gives unanimous nod to Cook's modular graft device

LENGTH: 907 words


Panel gives unanimous nod to Cook's modular graft device

By KEVIN NEW  Medical Device Daily Washington Editor  GAITHERSBURG, Maryland -
Having a device that performs beyond currently available approved products, as
well as having a former presidential nominee testify during the public comment
period, goes a long way with an FDA advisory panel.

That seemed to be the case last Thursday when the FDA's circulatory system
devices panel cast a unanimous eight votes to approve the Zenith AAA
Endovascular Graft system manufactured by Cook (Bloomington, Indiana). The
panel's recommendation, albeit accompanied by a host of conditions for Cook,
concluded an otherwise non-contentious discussion among panel members regarding
the device.

Former U.S. senator and Republican presidential nominee Bob Dole spoke during
the morning public comment session in favor of the Zenith endovascular graft
after his abdominal aortic aneurysm (AAA) was diagnosed - and treated with the
device - in June of 2001. The testimony from an influential recipient, who
benefited from the congressional health benefits plan that allows for
investigational device exemptions, was not lost on the panel members charged
with evaluating the safety and effectiveness of the device.

"I'm not here today to endorse a specific product. I'm just here to tell my
story, and I'm happy to be here today," said Dole.

Dole noted that his father died of internal bleeding from a ruptured aortic
aneurysm. The only treatment available at the time involved opening the patient
and sewing a graft in place in the aorta to prevent rupture.

Cook's device is different than existing approved products for the same
indication. The Zenith system is equipped with a suprerenal fixation and graft
design that allows the device to be used in a wide variety of patients.

Zenith's modular system of components, consisting of multiple endovascular graft
configurations and additional ancillary pieces - a total of 94 possible modular
parts - allows the device to be customized to a wide array of patient anatomies
and needs, according to the company.

All parts use self-expanding stents sewn to traditional graft material as well
as currently marketed suture material. Ancillary components that can be used
include aortic main body extenders, iliac leg extenders, converters and
occluders.

The panel felt that, based on the device's prior history internationally on the
large number of component parts, that a condition of approval should include a
precaution or warning. One of the panel's eight conditions was that language be
included in the labeling saying that mechanical failures, including separation,
corrosion, and suture breakage beyond 12 months, are unknown.

An additional condition from Norman Kato, MD, of UCLA Medical Center (Encino,
California), was approved, stipulating that the word "certification" be removed
from the physician training section of the labeling. Kato was concerned that the
word would be construed to mean that the company could certify physicians in use
of the device.

"It's my understanding that [neither] the company nor the FDA is in the position
to make that claim," Kato said.

A third condition was that patients with isolated iliac aneurysms be excluded
from the indicated use of the device. A fourth condition would require the
manufacturer to extend the post-market surveillance of patients for up to five
years.

The postmarket surveillance condition was followed by a similar fifth condition,
offered by Anthony Comerota, MD, of the Jobst Vascular Center (Toledo, Ohio),
that wording be included in the physician labeling indicating the importance of
lifelong follow-up of patients who are implanted with the device. "Even though
there were no adverse events with the patients in the U.S. trials, it's still
important we follow them to make sure there's nothing three to five years down
the road that could be dangerous," Comerota said.

A sixth condition unanimously approved was that the use of magnetic resonance
imaging (MRI) on a patient be revised from its suggested status of a
contraindication to a warning. "There's no evidence to suggest that it's a
contraindication, because patients will no doubt have an MRI at some point,"
said Anne Roberts, MD, of University of California San Diego Medical Center (San
Diego, California).

The remaining two conditions involved removing a classification that abdominal
aortic patients with a diameter greater than 4 cm be eliminated; and inclusion
of criteria that angulation measures used in the clinical trial be included in
the labeling.

"I agree with the stipulations we've added, but we need to be careful with how
many details we add so as not to make it confusing to the physicians and the
patients," Comerota said.

Conditions aside, the recommendation for approval was welcomed by Cook.

President Kem Hawkins said in a company statement following the vote that the
device "has proven itself clinically in thousands of cases in Australia, Europe
and in clinical trials in the U.S., offers physicians and their patients the
world's most evolved, highly developed endovascular system for treating aortic
aneurysms. We look forward to working with FDA in completing the review process
and making this system available soon."

While FDA panel votes are strictly advisory, the agency usual follows panel
recommendations in granting final approvals.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                          Copyright 2003 AHC Media LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             155 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 2, 2014 Wednesday

US Patent granted to Agnovos Healthcare, LLC (New York) on April 01 titled as
"Composite bone graft substitute cement and articles produced therefrom"

LENGTH: 258  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 8,685,464, on
April 01, 2014, to Agnovos Healthcare, LLC (New York), titled as "Composite bone
graft substitute cement and articles produced therefrom"

Inventors:  Moseley; Jon P. (Arlington, TN), Carroll; Michael E. (Memphis, TN),
McCanless; Jonathan D. (Cordova, TN)

Assignee:  Agnovos Healthcare, LLC (New York, NY)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "The
invention provides a particulate composition adapted for forming a bone graft
substitute cement upon mixing with an aqueous solution, including i) a calcium
sulfate hemihydrate powder having a bimodal particle distribution and a median
particle size of about 5 to about 20 microns, wherein the calcium sulfate
hemihydrate is present at a concentration of at least about 70 weight percent
based on the total weight of the particulate composition; ii) a monocalcium
phosphate monohydrate powder; and iii) a .beta.-tricalcium phosphate powder
having a median particle size of less than about 20 microns. Bone graft
substitute cements made therefrom, a bone graft substitute kit comprising the
particulate composition, methods of making and using the particulate
composition, and articles made from the bone graft substitute cement are also
provided."

The patent was filed on January 18, 2007 Application no. 11/624,460

For more information please visit: http://www.uspto.gov/. In case of any query
regarding this article or other content needs please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             156 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  The Daily Republic (Mitchell, South Dakota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           August 25, 2010 Wednesday

Man hurt in local blast gets skin grafts

BYLINE: Melanie Brandert, The Daily Republic, Mitchell, S.D.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 377 words


Aug. 25--A Mitchell man has begun the first of several skin graft treatments as
he recovers from injuries suffered in a house explosion last week.

Jose Aguirre, 38, suffered second- and third-degree burns over 40 percent of his
body and a partially collapsed lung in the Aug. 17 blast at his rented home at
718 E. Hanson Ave. Aguirre remained in critical condition Tuesday at Regions
Hospital Burn Center in St. Paul, Minn., a hospital spokeswoman said.

Shelli Porras, who is related to Aguirre by marriage, said that he received skin
grafts on his arms last weekend.

"They are watching for infection," she said. "He's still sedated and on a
ventilator."

The explosion occurred after Aguirre lit his stove, and the spark likely ignited
natural gas that had built up in his home, according to NorthWestern Energy.

Steve Nedved, city fire marshal, ruled the explosion an accident.

Aguirre's mother, Cora, traveled from Texas to Minnesota with nieces and nephews
last weekend, Porras said. His sister, Coraina, of Yankton, also is at the
hospital.

"The family appreciates the support from the community and good wishes," Porras,
of Mitchell, said.

Porras, her husband, Lou, and Aguirre's brother, Antonio, are trying to handle
Aguirre's affairs during his recovery, she said.

A crew from a private investigation business in Yankton was at the scene Tuesday
morning.

Porras said the family had retained Yankton attorney Wanda Fox. She was out of
the office until next week and could not be reached for comment.

The Jose Aguirre Benefit Fund has been set up at Wells Fargo Bank. Donations can
be made at any location, Porras said. So far, co-workers and neighbors have made
contributions.

Cards -- no flowers or balloons are sought -- can be sent to Aguirre at Regions
Hospital, 640 Jackson St., St. Paul, Minn. 55101.

To see more of The Daily Republic, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.mitchellrepublic.com. Copyright (c) 2010, The Daily Republic,
Mitchell, S.D. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail
services@mctinfoservices.com, or call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States,
call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: August 26, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100825-JQ-Man-hurt-in-local-blast-gets-skin-grafts-20100825

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JQ


                       Copyright 2010 The Daily Republic


                             157 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Medical Device Daily

                           November 15, 2007 Thursday

Product Briefs

LENGTH: 377 words


Product Briefs

o Cook Medical (New York) today reported the launch of its 36mm diameter Cook
Zenith Renu AAA ancillary graft. The graft is designed for secondary
endovascular intervention in patients who received prior endovascular repair of
infrarenal abdominal aortic aneurysm (AAA). With a wider diameter, the graft
enables physicians to treat patients with larger proximal necks who previously
may not have been candidates for secondary endovascular repair. The graft is
specifically intended to treat AAA patients whose implanted stent-grafts may
have shifted. This migration can result in leakage of blood into the aneurysmal
sac, ultimately placing the patient at increased risk of aneurysm rupture. The
wider diameter graft is available in both the main body extension and converter.
The graft has been engineered to treat migrations in either Dacron or ePTFE
membrane-based aortic endografts. Cook Medical makes interventional devices.

o HydroCision (Billerica, Massachusetts) reported the U.S. launch of its new
SpineJet XL oval tip fluidjet instruments. Specifically designed to enter tight
disc spaces, the new oval tip provides surgeons with a new tool that offers a
solution to the disc preparation challenges inherent in spinal fusion
procedures. The SpineJet allows surgeons to more effectively prepare disc spaces
for graft implantation during open or minimally invasive lumbar interbody fusion
procedures. This fluidjet powered tool combines the power of fluidjet technology
with a curette design permitting surgeons to simultaneously cut, ablate, and
remove hard or soft tissue - such as disc nucleus and endplate cartilage.
HydroCision makes fluidjet-based surgical tools.

o Textronics (Wilmington, Delaware) reported the introduction of a new
transmitter for use with the stretchy fabric electrode sensors that are knit
into the company's NuMetrex brand of heart rate monitor fitness apparel. The new
transmitter snaps into a tiny pocket in NuMetrex sports bras and shirts, where
it receives the heart rate signal from textile sensors located across the chest
band area. The data is then transmitted to a watch or exercise machine that
displays a read-out of the heart rate. Textronics makes wearable sensors for
fitness and health monitoring.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                          Copyright 2007 AHC Media LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             158 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            January 11, 2009 Sunday

Demand for tissue spurs growth;
Area residents might be more familiar with the center's blood bank, but
facility's focus on tissue services keeps things humming at CBC/CTS

BYLINE: By Ben Sutherly Staff Writer

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 649 words


DAYTON - Community Blood Center Community Tissue Services is best known for its
blood bank.

But its tissue bank, whose products are used for various surgical procedures,
quietly generates the bulk of its business: nearly $52 million in 2008, or 67
percent of the estimated $77 million CBC/CTS received for blood components and
tissue grafts.

CTS said that ranks its tissue bank sixth in the nation in terms of revenue.

"We don't stay in the local mind's eye much. We probably should," said David
Smith, CBC/CTS' chief executive officer and medical director.

CTS, which will expand its tissue processing and distribution operations in
Kettering, produced more than 110,000 grafts last year, up from about 32,000 in
1997. Those grafts included skin for burn victims (CTS is the largest nonprofit
provider of skin for burn victims in the United States), tendons and ligaments
for athletic injuries, and bone grafts for orthopedic, neurosurgical and dental
procedures.

Much of the growth of Dayton's 22-year-old tissue bank has come through
acquisitions nationwide. Today, CTS has regional offices in Fort Worth, Texas;
Fresno, Calif.; Indianapolis; Memphis, Tenn.; Philadelphia; Portland, Ore.; and
Toledo. It has satellite offices in Boise, Idaho, and Medford, Ore.

Growing demand for tissue in surgeries also has spurred the growth of CTS and
other tissue banks, said Bob Rigney, chief executive officer at the American
Association of Tissue Banks.

One of CTS' growth areas is tissue engineering - implanting bone or skin grafts
that serves as scaffolding that the body then populate with its own stem cells.

At the tissue bank, some research into tissue engineering involves a new
"materials testing system" - a $110,000 machine in use since April to test
parameters such as a tissue's strength, stiffness and elongation.

The properties of tissue vary from person to person, making it tough for tissue
banks to automate processing.

On the fourth floor of CTS at 349 S. Main St., gowned and gloved tissue
processing technicians, many of whom have machinist backgrounds, fashion bone in
soundproof rooms.

Some freeze-dried and bagged products, often used in spinal surgeries, are
easily recognized as bone. Other processed cancellous tissue - spongy inner bone
tissue minus the marrow - looks more like small bread cubes served at communion.

Much of the tissue is used in surgery, including dental procedures in which
demineralized bone powder is used to rebuild jawbones.

Why so big in Dayton?

The tissue bank, started in November 1986, positioned itself for years of
considerable growth in the late 1980s.

Dr. Jim Funkhouser, one of the Community Blood Center's founders, decided the
tissue bank could be far more cost-effective and operate at capacity if it
processed not only tissue from local donors, but did contract processing for
other tissue banks nationwide, recalled Diane Wilson, CTS' chief operating
officer and president-elect of AATB. Those relationships laid the groundwork for
CTS to acquire control of several tissue banks, beginning in 1994.

It's not unusual for the nation's largest tissue banks - mostly nonprofits - to
call small metropolitan areas home, Rigney said. Edison, N.J., (population
97,687) and Alachua, Fla., (population 9,115) are home to larger facilities than
Dayton's.

? Tissue bank plans called

for more than Dayton

could offer Article on C6 Tissue tidbits

The number of U.S. tissue donors more than tripled from 7,542 in 1995 to an
estimated 25,845 in 2007. While nearly 26,000 tissue donations were accepted,
450,000 were either rejected, or a donor's family would not consent. In the
Dayton area, 42 percent of local donors gave their consent. Family members gave
consent for the rest. Much of the processed and unprocessed tissue is kept in
large freezers at -112 degrees Fahrenheit.

Source: Community Blood Center Community Tissue Services, American Association
of Tissue Banks

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Kristin DeCubellis, a processing technician at Community Tissue
Services, holds up a bag of femur bones she processed at the Dayton center on
Jan. 5. Staff photo by Jim Noelker

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2009 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             159 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 5, 2013 Wednesday

`USPTO Published Patent application of AKZO NOBEL N.V. titled as "Graft
copolymers"

LENGTH: 174 words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an application no.
20130137799, on May 30, 2013, by AKZO NOBEL N.V., titled as "Graft copolymers"
for the registration of patent.

Inventors:  Rodrigues; Klein A.; (Signal Mountain, TN) ; Vanderhoof; Matthew M.;
(Chattanooga, TN) ; Ozbek; John; (Signal Mountain, TN)
Assignee:  AKZO NOBEL N.V.
Arnhem
NL

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office:
"Anionic graft copolymers and scale inhibition compositions including the
anionic graft copolymers in which the anionic graft copolymers include a natural
component grafted with an ethylenically unsaturated anionic monomer where the
anionic graft copolymer includes 1 or more reacted anhydroglucose units per
every 100 anhydroglucose units in the anionic graft copolymer."

The Patent was filed on July 30, 2010 under application No. 20130137799

For more information please visit: http://www.uspto.gov/. In case of any query
regarding this article or other content needs please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             160 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             June 17, 2003 Tuesday

Guidant quits stent-grafts;
Will shutter plant in California, take loss

BYLINE: THOMAS M. BURTON AND PATRICIA CALLAHAN

SECTION: REPORT ON BUSINESS: THE WALL STREET JOURNAL; Pg. B11

LENGTH: 592 words


Medical company Guidant Corp., after its subsidiary pleaded guilty to federal
charges of covering up serious problems with its aortic-aneurysm device, has
decided to pull out of that business entirely.

The Indianapolis company said it would take a 2003 loss of $100-million to
$125-million (U.S.) on its aneurysm business, which cost Guidant about
$170-million to buy just six years ago.

The planned shuttering of Guidant's Endovascular Technologies Inc. unit in Menlo
Park, Calif., is the latest embarrassment for a still-promising therapy, known
as a stent-graft, that has been plagued with problems in recent years.

In Guidant's case, for instance, the California subsidiary failed to notify the
U.S. Food and Drug Administration regarding 2,628 cases in which the device
malfunctioned or was linked to deaths or serious injuries.

Included among these were 12 deaths to which the device may have contributed,
and 57 instances in which doctors had to abandon installing the device and do
emergency surgery instead.

During the time in question - the fall of 1999 through March, 2001 - about 7,700
devices were installed.

Guidant said the California subsidiary will "cease ongoing operations" except
for shipping the device through October and giving "long-term follow-up" to
patients who already have the device installed.

Stent-grafts consist of a stent - generally a wire-mesh cylinder - coupled to a
section of cylindrical fabric called a "graft." The whole apparatus is slid
through a tubelike catheter that is inserted through arteries in the thigh. The
stent-graft then is propped into place in the aorta, the body's main artery. In
the case of Guidant's Ancure, the device is anchored in place with tiny hooks.

The device and competing stent-grafts from other companies are designed to take
the pressure of blood flow off the section of aorta that has ballooned out into
an aneurysm. An aneurysm is a weakened stretch of artery that enlarges and
ultimately can burst and threaten the life of the patient. The stent-graft is
designed to form an alternative channel for blood. It is the latest option for
patients, who until its advent in 1999 had only the choice of difficult and
bloody open surgical repair. Since aneurysms left untreated can expand and
rupture, and since ruptured aneurysms are fatal roughly 90 per cent of the time,
either surgery or the device is necessary for many patients.

Guidant's president and chief executive officer, Ronald Dollens, on a conference
call with Wall Street investors and with journalists, said, "Guidant has learned
a painful lesson. Guidant management has learned from and regrets what happened
at Endovascular Technologies." He said the company now knows it must install its
own management on-site shortly after acquiring a medical-device company. He
stressed that patients with the Ancure device already installed aren't in any
danger related to the federal charges because the majority of these problems
relate to the delivery catheter, not the stent-graft itself.

Because the stent-graft requires a shorter hospital stay and easier
convalescence compared with open surgical repair, many patients have opted for
it. And because about 200,000 people in the U.S. are newly diagnosed every year
with an abdominal aortic aneurysm - the most common kind - the market is
potentially vast. About 50,000 aortic-aneurysm operations take place in the U.S.
annually. So far, though, the stent-graft industry has been growing slowly, at
about 8 per cent a year, as problems with the devices have arisen.

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2003 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             161 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 20, 2015 Tuesday

USPTO Published Patent application of COVIDIEN LP titled as "STENT GRAFT
ASSEMBLY AND METHOD"

LENGTH: 188  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an application no.
20150018931, published on January 15, 2015, by COVIDIEN LP, titled as "STENT
GRAFT ASSEMBLY AND METHOD" for the registration of patent.

Inventors:  GARRISON; Michi E.; (Half Moon Bay, CA) ; RUDAKOV; Leon V.; (San
Marcos, CA)
Assignee:  COVIDIEN LP
Mansfield
MA

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
graft device can include a graft component and an expandable component that has
a longitudinal axis and a coupling portion. The coupling portion has a surface
extending radially relative to the longitudinal axis. The graft component also
has a portion that is coupled to the surface of the expandable component for
securing the graft component relative to the expandable component. For example,
the graft component portion can be frictionally engaged between the surface and
a member positioned against the expandable component."

The Patent was filed on April 30, 2014 under application No. 20150018931

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             162 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Medical Device Daily

                             April 6, 2000 Thursday

Product Updates

LENGTH: 961 words

Product Updates

·Ampersand Medical (Chicago, Illinois), a developer of point-of-care
diagnostics, has begun a clinical trial of a device used to collect cells for
cervical cancer screening and part of the InPath System  designed to address
shortcomings of the current Pap test. The trial will evaluate the collector's
effectiveness compared to traditional brush/ spatula collection methods. The
collector is a balloon which, when inflated, conforms to the shape of the cervix
and collects cells, through use of an adhesion material on its surface to
provide simultaneous sampling of the entire cervix and its transition zones. The
InPath System features protein-based biomolecular markers in conjunction with
laser-induced fluorescence technology to identify abnormal cervical cells.

·Biomatrix (Ridgefield, New Jersey) has received FDA 510(k) approval to market
HylaSine, a viscoelastic gel device that is injected into anatomical
compartments of the sinus during and following sinus surgery. The system is
designed to coat surgically altered tissue and thus inhibit intra-operative and
post-operative bleeding, shortening rehabilitation time.

·CardioTech International (Woburn, Massachusetts) reported that the first three
patients enrolled in the MyoLink peripheral graft clinical study passed the
three-month follow-up point with functioning grafts and relief of pre-operative
symptoms. Three months' implantation with no graft problems is a clinical
milestone in this type of procedure. Both patients were suffering from disabling
leg pain and limited mobility. Myolink grafts were implanted from the femoral
artery to the popliteal artery. After the leg implants, both patients returned
to normal conditions. Myolink allows the transmission of pulsatile blood flow
through the bypass and into the distal vessels, a feature that permits its use
in smaller diameters for critical limb ischemia and claudication, according to
the company. CardioTech estimates that development of a successful
below-the-knee peripheral vascular graft could tap a world market estimated at
more than $350 million annually.

· Medical robotics pioneer Computer Motion (Santa Barbara, California) has
reported completion of the world's first series of pediatric cardiac procedures
in France using the company's ZEUS system. Francois Laborde, MD, PhD, chief of
cardiac surgery at L'Institut Mutualiste Montsouris Chiosy (Paris), performed
seven fully endoscopic closures of the patent ductus arteriosis (PDA) with the
Zeus Robotic Surgical System, the company said. The procedures were performed
entirely through three incisions, each only 0.2 inches long, eliminating the
need for a 4-inch to 5-inch incision that would normally be used in this
procedure Laborde reported that the patients, ranging from 7 months old to 24
months old, are recovering quickly.

·Conceptus (San Carlos, California) has received FDA approval for a pivotal
study of its STOP (Selective Tubal Occlusion Procedure) nonsurgical permanent
contraception device, the study to begin in 2Q00. About 400 women will be
followed at 10 to 20 investigational sites in the U.S., Europe and Australia,
with 12 months of follow-up. Clinical endpoints include pregnancy prevention,
safety, and comfort during and after the STOP procedure. The company expects to
complete enrollment in the pivotal study by the end of 2Q01. Assuming device
approval, Conceptus plans marketing launch of the STOP device in select
international markets beginning in 2001.

·CryoLife (Kennesaw, Georgia) has received FDA approval to expand the
investigational device exemption (IDE) application for its BioGlue surgical
adhesive human clinical study to include the use of BioGlue in vascular and
selected cardiac repairs. BioGlue had been approved for use in an IDE clinical
study as a surgical adjunct in the repair of type A aortic dissections, and the
expanded study will assess the safety and effectiveness of BioGlue's ability to
stop bleeding in cardiac and vascular procedures. The study will involve about
160 patients and is expected to be completed by year's end.  BioGlue is
currently distributed in 35 countries outside the U.S. for application in
vascular and pulmonary repair.

·Genzyme Surgical Products (Cambridge, Massachusetts) has received FDA clearance
to market Sepramesh Biosurgical Composite for use in hernia repair procedures.
Sepramesh is a prosthetic surgical mesh designed to be sutured in place along
the abdominal wall to support and strengthen hernia repairs.

· Results of a preclinical ventriculocoronary artery bypass (VCAB)
revascularization procedure, developed by HeartStent (Minneapolis, Minnesota),
have been published in the March 2000 edition of The Heart Surgery Forum, a
peer-reviewed cardiothoracic surgery journal. HeartStent's approach is to supply
blood to a coronary artery directly from the left ventricle of the heart by
placing a proprietary device through the ventricular wall and then into the
coronary artery, thus eliminating the surgical procedure to harvest arteries or
veins. The company reports having 10 issued or allowed U.S. and foreign patents
covering the procedure, and numerous patents pending.

·Integrated Surgical Systems (ISS; Davis. California), a developer of
image-directed, robotic products for surgery, reported successful performance of
the first robotic total knee replacement surgery with its Robodoc Surgical
Assistant System. The robotic total knee arthroplasty (TKA) was performed at
Berufsgenossenschaftliche Unfallklinik (BGU; Frankfurt, Germany) by Prof.
Borner, chief medical director. Borner said, "From planning, to cutting, to
alignment - all went so smoothly that the total time to perform the TKA was
approximately similar to the conventional method."

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                          Copyright 2000 AHC Media LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             163 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                           October 22, 2016 Saturday

MiMedx Group, Inc. (Georgia) applies for US Patent titled as "TISSUE GRAFTS
MODIFIED WITH A CROSS-LINKING AGENT AND METHOD OF MAKING AND USING THE SAME"

LENGTH: 264 words

DATELINE: New York


ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an
application no. 20160303290 for US Patent, published on October 20, 2016, by
MiMedx Group, Inc. (Georgia), titled as "TISSUE GRAFTS MODIFIED WITH A
CROSS-LINKING AGENT AND METHOD OF MAKING AND USING THE SAME"  for the
registration of patent.



Inventors: Morse; Brenda S.; (Marietta, GA) ; Sith; Somaly; (Marietta, GA) ;
Spencer; Randall; (Marietta, GA) ; Daniel; John; (Marietta, GA)

Applicant: MiMedx Group, Inc.   Marietta   GA   US (Georgia)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office:
"Described herein are tissue grafts derived from the placenta that possess good
adhesion to biological tissues and are useful in would healing applications. In
one aspect, the tissue graft includes (1) two or more layers of amnion, wherein
at least one layer of amnion is cross-linked, (2) two or more layers of chorion,
wherein at least one layer of amnion is cross-linked, or (3) one or more layers
of amnion and chorion, wherein at least one layer of amnion and/or chorion is
cross-linked. In another aspect, the grafts are composed of amnion and chorion
cross-linked with one another. In a further aspect, the grafts have one or more
layers sandwiched between the amnion and chorion membranes. The amnion and/or
the chorion are treated with a cross-linking agent prior to the formation of the
graft. The presence of the cross-linking agent present on the graft also
enhances adhesion to the biological tissue of interest. Also described herein
are methods for making and using the tissue grafts."


LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             164 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                WMI Company News

                          February 10, 2010 Wednesday

CR Bard Reports Trial Results Of Bard Flair By NEJM

LENGTH: 320 words


The Flair Endovascular Stent Graft is the interventional implant technology
approved by the FDA for use in the treatment of stenoses at the venous
anastomosis of ePTFE or other synthetic Prosthetic arteriovenous (AV) grafts.

In the prospective, randomized, controlled, multi-center trial, 190 patients who
required treatment for failing AV grafts received either balloon angioplasty
alone or balloon angioplasty and a Flair Endovascular Stent Graft.

In the trial, at six months, the treatment area of patients that received a
Flair Endovascular Stent Graft was more than twice as likely to be functioning
when compared to patients who received balloon angioplasty alone and at 210
days, the treatment area was far less likely to require additional
interventions. Adverse events, patient demographics and clinical variables were
statistically equivalent between both groups during the trial.

Ziv Haskal, chief of the vascular and interventional radiology division at the
University of Maryland Medical Center in Baltimore and principal investigator,
said: "This is a game-changing study. For the first time, clinicians have
compelling evidence that we can improve outcomes over balloon angioplasty in
this underserved and difficult-to-treat patient population. The durable benefit
we observed in the trial, as demonstrated by superior patency and freedom from
repeat interventions, strongly supports a fundamental change in how we care for
hemodialysis patients."

Timothy Ring, chairman and chief executive officer, said: "The publication of
the Flair Trial in The New England Journal of Medicine speaks to the rigor of
the trial, the relevance of the resultant data and the impact this technology
could have on the care of hemodialysis patients. It also has implications for
the healthcare system as our aging population intersects with increasing
pressure to control costs and the desire for better evidence-based medicine."

LOAD-DATE: August 02, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2010 World Market Intelligence Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             165 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                WMI Company News

                          February 10, 2010 Wednesday

CR Bard Reports Trial Results Of Bard Flair By NEJM

LENGTH: 320 words


The Flair Endovascular Stent Graft is the interventional implant technology
approved by the FDA for use in the treatment of stenoses at the venous
anastomosis of ePTFE or other synthetic Prosthetic arteriovenous (AV) grafts.

In the prospective, randomized, controlled, multi-center trial, 190 patients who
required treatment for failing AV grafts received either balloon angioplasty
alone or balloon angioplasty and a Flair Endovascular Stent Graft.

In the trial, at six months, the treatment area of patients that received a
Flair Endovascular Stent Graft was more than twice as likely to be functioning
when compared to patients who received balloon angioplasty alone and at 210
days, the treatment area was far less likely to require additional
interventions. Adverse events, patient demographics and clinical variables were
statistically equivalent between both groups during the trial.

Ziv Haskal, chief of the vascular and interventional radiology division at the
University of Maryland Medical Center in Baltimore and principal investigator,
said: "This is a game-changing study. For the first time, clinicians have
compelling evidence that we can improve outcomes over balloon angioplasty in
this underserved and difficult-to-treat patient population. The durable benefit
we observed in the trial, as demonstrated by superior patency and freedom from
repeat interventions, strongly supports a fundamental change in how we care for
hemodialysis patients."

Timothy Ring, chairman and chief executive officer, said: "The publication of
the Flair Trial in The New England Journal of Medicine speaks to the rigor of
the trial, the relevance of the resultant data and the impact this technology
could have on the care of hemodialysis patients. It also has implications for
the healthcare system as our aging population intersects with increasing
pressure to control costs and the desire for better evidence-based medicine."

LOAD-DATE: August 02, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2010 World Market Intelligence Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             166 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   September 24, 2002, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Debate follows development of medical device

BYLINE: Julie Appleby

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 1610 words

Thomas Lewallen fears that a medical device inserted deep in his abdomen will
move or rupture at any time, even though it seems to work fine. Bill Hughes
credits his with saving his life -- and allowing him to avoid a complex, risky
surgery. Edward Gilleon blames his for constant pain.

Three men. Same diagnosis. Three different outcomes.

Each underwent a new treatment for a potentially deadly problem: a weak spot in
the body's main artery deep in the abdomen that could burst. About 50,000
Americans have surgery for the condition each year.


But like the first wave of patients for any new medical treatment, Lewallen,
Hughes and Gilleon find themselves in the midst of conflicting research and
concerns about cost, safety and long-term effectiveness.

Two major medical device makers, Medtronic and Guidant, won approval to market
the new treatment -- cloth-covered grafts to stabilize abdominal aortic
aneurysms -- in the USA in September 1999. But the action was marred by
allegations that both withheld key information from the Food and Drug
Administration:

 * Medtronic, during a key market-approval hearing in June 1999, failed to
report three of five ruptures that occurred during its 1,193-patient clinical
trial. The FDA sent Medtronic a sharply worded rebuke in May 2000: "The FDA did
not have the information that it expected . . .  to conduct a full review of the
safety and effectiveness of this investigational device," the letter said.

No further action was taken. Medtronic says it was not intentionally hiding the
ruptures. The non-reported ruptures, Medtronic said, occurred during phases I
and III of the clinical trials. The company reported only Phase II data to the
FDA at the hearing.

 * Guidant is currently under investigation by the FDA and the Justice
Department. Neither the company nor the agencies would give details of the
inquiry other than to say that they are looking into what occurred before the
company went to the FDA in March 2001 with the results of an internal audit.

That audit found that 520 reports of blood vessel damage linked to the grafts
had not been reported to the FDA. The company blamed glitches within its
complaint-handling system, which Guidant says have been fixed. Guidant also
voluntarily issued a recall of its devices while it made some changes, mainly to
instructions on surgical techniques.

Device makers see the new treatment as a way to expand their product lines in
the enormously successful market for minimally invasive surgery, although the
grafts currently represent a tiny portion of both companies' revenue. Analysts
expect that to grow as baby boomers age and more are diagnosed with the
condition.

Higher costs

The new treatment is generally considered less risky during surgery than the
traditional method, which requires a major abdominal incision. But it's more
expensive and requires lifelong monitoring of patients with X-ray exams.

More than 30,000 patients worldwide have had the new type of surgery, often the
only hope for those too ill or frail for the traditional abdominal aneurysm
surgery. A flurry of research reports has followed, with some touting the
success of the treatment -- shorter hospital stays, less invasive surgery and
less blood loss.

But other reports question the long-term durability of the procedure compared
with traditional surgery. No one knows just how long the devices will last.
After initial problems, some were recalled. Experience led surgeons to refine
their definitions of ideal candidates.

"It's my belief that this . . .  is the future, but it's still in a process of
technical evolution," says Peter Harris, a vascular surgeon in Liverpool,
England, and head of a European agency that tracks patients who have had the new
procedure. "Patients need to be told before they volunteer to have the devices
that the technology is, as yet, not completely proved."

Different reactions

The new treatment involves threading a catheter through a groin artery and
placing a polyester graft in the bulging section of the abdominal aortic artery.
Without surgery, such large bulges, called aneurysms, can burst, often causing
death.

The graft stabilizes the section of the artery wall. Two other options are
available: doing nothing and hoping the bulge will not burst; or traditional
surgery, with a large incision, longer hospital stay and longer recovery period.


"(The new procedure is) the only way to go," says Hughes, 69, who works in the
music industry in Los Angeles and had the new treatment as part of the clinical
trials in 1996. "I went in the hospital on a Wednesday and had surgery for two
hours. I was home Friday evening and back to work on Monday."

He's not bothered by the frequent X-ray checkups he needs -- at least once a
year, more often for some patients -- to make sure the graft hasn't moved or
leaked.

But that uncertainty is what bothers Lewallen, who was 56 when he had his
surgery two years ago in April 2000 in Kansas. If he could do it again, he would
opt for the traditional surgery.

One brother died of an abdominal aneurysm, and his other two brothers both had
the traditional surgery. He says his recovery time from surgery wasn't that much
less than that of his brothers. And now, he says, he lives in fear that
something will go wrong.

"If one of these goes to pieces, you don't have but a short period of time to
get to a doctor," says Lewallen. "Why would I put up with what I'm doing if I
could have another operation that's not much different and go on through life
and not worry about it?"

Gilleon, 65, says his graft did go wrong, shortly after his surgery in May 2000
in California. It moved, affecting his kidneys. Another graft was placed to prop
up the device. But Gilleon blames the surgery for constant pain.

He's suing the device maker, Medtronic, as part of a number of lawsuits filed by
the San Francisco firm Hersh & Hersh. A judge has granted Medtronic's request to
reject some of the arguments in the cases, but that decision is on appeal. Other
cases are pending against Guidant, the only other maker of the grafts sold in
the USA.

Regulatory dilemma

The story of the grafts illustrates one of the dilemmas facing FDA regulators:
wanting as much safety data on new medical devices as possible, while avoiding
long delays in getting potentially life-saving treatments to patients.

The FDA was impressed with the device's low rate of problems during surgery and
how patients were able to get out of the hospital sooner and lose less blood
during the procedure. About 1% of patients die within 30 days of the operation
vs. about 5% with conventional surgery, according to published reports. The
devices were approved for sale by the FDA based on 12 months of clinical trial
data from patients.

But studies of similar devices in Europe have discovered that problems can crop
up after a year has gone by, including ruptures, leakages and movement of the
grafts within the body. The FDA has ordered device makers to continue following
the patients for years afterward so long-term results can be assessed.

Some of those results have already come in.

Medtronic says it has followed about 1,000 patients for four years, and 99% are
free from rupture. But 6% had problems resulting in their needing the more
complex open surgery. And there have been ruptures: 59 involving the Medtronic
device have been reported to the FDA out of about 25,000 implanted worldwide.

Guidant says 99.5% of the 548 patients in its clinical trial were free from
ruptures after four years. Nationwide, the FDA has reports of 10 ruptures out of
15,000 Guidant devices implanted.

That compares with about a 10% chance of rupture per year of larger aneurysms if
they're not treated, says Christopher Zarins, a vascular surgeon who
participated in Medtronic's clinical trials.

"I say to my patients (who have a choice between the two types of surgeries),
'Would you want one big operation and put it behind you or have several small
ones?' " says Dr. Takao Ohki, director of vascular surgery at Montefiore Medical
Center in New York, where some of the first abdominal graft surgeries were
performed in the USA.

Some patients don't have a choice -- they're too old or sick for traditional
surgery. Some want to avoid the traditional surgery because it can cause sexual
dysfunction. And some prefer a therapy with a shorter recovery time.

The new treatment isn't for everyone, however. Only about half the patients with
aneurysms are candidates, says Zarins. He finds that most aren't as concerned
about the death rate on the operating table when comparing types of treatment.

"The patients all know someone who had an aneurysm repair (using traditional
surgery) and never returned to their former self," says Zarins. "They're more
interested in whether they'll return to their former self."

The grafts cost $ 10,000 to $ 12,000 each, and the surgery might end up being
more expensive than traditional procedures, even though patients get out of the
hospital sooner, because long-term follow-up care is needed.

Sales of the grafts brought Medtronic about $ 70 million last year, out of $ 7
billion in revenue. Graft sales are expected to bring about $ 70 million this
year, out of total product sales of $ 2.7 billion.

The market for abdominal grafts is expected to grow. Already, more aneurysms are
being detected, possibly because it is a disease associated with age and because
more Americans are getting checked for the problem.

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, B/W, Adrienne Lewis, USA TODAY, Source: Medtronic (DIAGRAM);
PHOTOS, Color, Greg Whitesell for USA TODAY (2) ; PHOTO, B/W, Lance Ing, USA
TODAY; PHOTO, B/W, Bob Riha Jr., USA TODAY; Threading through: Doctors perform
surgery to treat an abdominal aortic aneurysm. The procedure, involving the
insertion of a cloth-covered graft, below right, is done to treat a weak spot in
the body's main artery. Unhappy with result: Edward Gilleon says his graft
surgery left him with continual pain. He's participating in a lawsuit. A
successful procedure: Reduced recovery time pleased Bill Hughes, who has had no
problems since his surgery.

TYPE: COVER STORY

                      Copyright 2002 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             167 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 30, 2014 Saturday

USPTO Published Patent application of ARTHREX, INC. titled as "HYBRID DOUBLE
BUNDLE ACL/PCL GRAFT CONSTRUCT WITH A SINGLE GRAFT"

LENGTH: 247  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an application no.
20140243976, published on August 28, 2014, by ARTHREX, INC., titled as "HYBRID
DOUBLE BUNDLE ACL/PCL GRAFT CONSTRUCT WITH A SINGLE GRAFT" for the registration
of patent.

Inventors: Schmieding; Reinhold; (Naples, FL) ; Jolly; Jacob A.; (Naples, FL) ;
DeBerardino; Thomas M.; (Avon, CT) ; Wilson; Adrian; (Old Basing, GB)
Assignee: ARTHREX, INC.
NAPLES
FL

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office:
"Techniques and reconstruction systems for fixation of bone to bone, or soft
tissue to bone, that allow a double-bundle type construct with only three
tunnels, a single graft and individual tensioning in each of the three tunnels.
Alternative double-bundle ACL/PCL fixation techniques are provided that employ a
double-bundle type construct with only a single graft and three tunnels/sockets.
The double-bundle ACL and PCL techniques and constructs allow individual
tensioning of each of the bundles (e.g., tensioning of each of the anteromedial
(AM) and posterolateral (PL) bundles of the ACL) and eliminate the need for
additional fixation devices (for example, interference screws) to secure the
bundles within the bone tunnels/sockets."

The Patent was filed on February 27, 2014 under application No. 20140243976

For more information please visit: http://www.uspto.gov/. In case of any query
regarding this article or other content needs please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             168 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Medical Device Daily

                             March 30, 2007 Friday

Product Briefs

LENGTH: 481 words


Product Briefs   oCardica (Redwood City, California) reported completing
enrollment of about 220 patients in a pivotal clinical trial in U.S. and Europe
to evaluate safety/efficacy of its PAS-Port Proximal Anastomosis System during
coronary artery bypass graft (CABG) surgery. The PAS-Port system, commercially
available in Japan and Europe, creates a secure connection, or anastomosis,
between a vein graft and the aorta, the main artery in the human body, during
bypass procedures, Cardica said. The trial is being conducted in the U.S. under
an Investigational Device Exemption.

Two venous bypass grafts were randomly selected in each patient to be connected
to the aorta using either the PAS-Port device or the conventional hand-sewn
technique. Patients will receive a follow-up angiogram nine months after their
procedure to determine patency (degree of openness of the vein graft) of both
PAS-Port and control grafts. If the results of this trial are favorable, the
company plans to submit a 510(k) application for the PAS-Port system to the FDA
in early 2008. The PAS-Port system is designed to allow the surgeon to load the
bypass graft and rapidly complete the anastomosis, typically in about two
minutes, with little or no injury to the bypass graft vessel or the aorta.
Cardica makes automated anastomosis systems for coronary artery bypass graft
(CABG) surgery.

oCryoCath Technologies (Montreal) said it has received FDA approval to expand
its pivotal Investigational Device Exemption STOP AF trial for Arctic Front to
the full cohort of patients in all 20 centers. The trial is designed to
demonstrate Arctic Front's clinical and therapeutic effectiveness in treating
paroxysmal Atrial Fibrillation (AF) when compared to traditional medical
therapy. CryoCath develops cryotherapy products to treat cardiovascular disease.

oIngenuity Systems (Redwood City, California) has launched IPA-Tox, a
pathways-driven molecular toxicology solution designed to enable researchers to
understand safety issues associated with new drug candidates. Ingenuity Pathways
Analysis 5.0 (IPA) is a software application intended to enable researchers to
model, analyze, and understand the complex biological systems at the core of
life science research. IPA is deployed in all major pharmaceutical companies and
hundreds of biotechnology companies and academic institutions globally. It
supports analysis of all experimental platforms, and is used at all stages of
the drug discovery and development process, from target identification and
validation to identification of biomarkers, predictive toxicology, and
pharmacogenomics, the company said. Ingenuity products include pathways analysis
software and knowledge bases for biologists and bioinformaticians, and
enterprise knowledge management infrastructure, content and services for leading
pharmaceutical and biotech companies.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                          Copyright 2007 AHC Media LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             169 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                              June 30, 2006 Friday
            Cook Edition; Lake Edition; DuPage Edition; F2 Edition;
                          McHenry Edition; F3 Edition

Tainted tissue prompts suits Arlington Hts. man says he got hepatitis

BYLINE: Robert McCoppin, Daily Herald Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 513 words


A Naperville man has filed a civil suit alleging that he got a skin graft stolen
from a cadaver that may have exposed him to infectious diseases like AIDS.

The complaint is similar to a suit filed recently by an Arlington Heights man
who says he got hepatitis from a bad transplant.

In both cases, the tissue came from Biomedical Tissue Services in Fort Lee,
N.J., which Brooklyn prosecutors have accused of taking tissue from bodies in
funeral homes without family consent and without proper disease screening.

Richard Castello, 55, received a skin graft last year to close a surgical
incision for a hernia, according to his attorney, Lynne Plum Duffey.

The graft became infected, requiring numerous treatments with antibiotics,
implantation of a drain, and eventual removal of the graft.

In February, Castello was notified that his skin graft was the subject of a
"product recall," because of the nationwide scandal involving tissue from
Biomedical Tissue Services.

Castello has so far tested negative for any infections, but such diseases can
take time to appear, and he and his wife, Nancy, must live with that fear,
Duffey said.

The transplant was performed at the University of Chicago Medical Center, where
a spokesman said four patients had been notified of such recalls. Two have been
tested with negative results for disease.

In a suit filed earlier this month, Adeeb Yousif of Arlington Heights alleges he
had bone chips transplanted into his neck from Biomedical Tissue Services that
caused him to contract hepatitis B, a potentially fatal disease.

Yousif's operation took place at Advocate Lutheran General Hospital in Park
Ridge, which declined to comment on the pending litigation. Neither Advocate
Lutheran General nor University of Chicago was named as a defendant in the
suits.

Both suits name as defendants Michael Mastromarino, the owner of Biomedical
Tissue Services, who has been criminally charged in the case, as well as the
distributors that sent the tissue to hospitals.

In Castello's case, the distributor named in the suit is LifeCell Corp. of
Alachua, Florida.

In Yousif's case, the defendants are Regeneration Technologies Inc., which
cleans and sterilizes transplant tissue, Medtronic Sofamor Danek, and Spinal
Graft Technologies.

Medtronic spokesman Bert Kelly said the case involving criminal charges against
a tissue supplier is unprecedented.

The scandal involved about 25,000 tissue samples, but Kelly said federal
authorities have not confirmed any case in which a patient contracted an
infectious disease from the transplants.

Because the tissues were cleansed and sterilized to reduce the risk of
infections, the FDA and Centers for Disease Control have said the risk of
disease is low.

The transplant scandal has led to proposals to tighten regulation of tissue
transplants, which are largely self-regulated by the industry.

Duffey, the attorney for both Castello and Yousif, said existing guidelines
should have alerted processors and distributors to reject the ill-gotten tissue.

"Things should have been done," she said, "to verify what they were receiving."

LOAD-DATE: July 3, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                             170 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 2, 2014 Wednesday

US Patent granted to Agnovos Healthcare, LLC (New York) on April 01 titled as
"Composite bone graft substitute cement and articles produced therefrom"

LENGTH: 267  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 8,685,465, on
April 01, 2014, to Agnovos Healthcare, LLC (New York), titled as "Composite bone
graft substitute cement and articles produced therefrom"

Inventors:  Moseley; Jon P. (Arlington, TN), Carroll; Michael E. (Memphis, TN),
McCanless; Jonathan D. (Memphis, TN), Schulz; Olaf (Lakeland, TN), Fronk; Andy
(Lakeland, TN)

Assignee:  Agnovos Healthcare, LLC (New York, NY)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "The
invention provides a particulate composition adapted for forming a bone graft
substitute cement upon mixing with an aqueous solution, including i) a calcium
sulfate hemihydrate powder having a bimodal particle distribution and a median
particle size of about 5 to about 20 microns, wherein the calcium sulfate
hemihydrate is present at a concentration of at least about 70 weight percent
based on the total weight of the particulate composition; ii) a monocalcium
phosphate monohydrate powder; and iii) a .beta.-tricalcium phosphate powder
having a median particle size of less than about 20 microns. Bone graft
substitute cements made therefrom, a bone graft substitute kit comprising the
particulate composition, methods of making and using the particulate
composition, and articles made from the bone graft substitute cement are also
provided."

The patent was filed on August 29, 2011 Application no. 13/220,124

For more information please visit: http://www.uspto.gov/. In case of any query
regarding this article or other content needs please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             171 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 25, 2017 Saturday

New York: State University of New York (SUNY) Issues Solicitation for
"Orthobiologics , Orthopedic Grafts, Reconstructive Grafts and Related Items"

LENGTH: 189  words

DATELINE: New York



 Albany: State University of New York (SUNY) has issued requirement for
"Orthobiologics , Orthopedic Grafts, Reconstructive Grafts and Related Items"



 Reference No.: 16/17-092



 Solicitation Type: General



 Description: Stony Brook University Hospital proposes to purchase human tissue
orthopedic grafts, reconstructive grafts and ortobiologics and related items
from a authorized tissue bank, Stryker, MTF, K2M, AlloSource, De Puy  or equal
vendor. Any Vendor who believes they can provide these products or an equivalent
is invited to contact the Officer listed below for a copy of the bid
specifications/solicitation or to discuss this opportunity prior to the due date
stated in the advertisement.





 Deadline for All responses: 13/02/2017



 Contact Information:



 State University of New York (SUNY)

 SUNY Stony Brook University Hospital

 Hospital Purchasing

 Deborah Hooper

 Procurement Officer

 2000 Ocean Avenue

 Suite 1

 Ronkonkoma, NY 11779

 United States

 Ph: 631-444-4060

 Fax: 631-706-4995

 Deborah.Hooper@StonyBrook.Edu



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             172 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 20, 2014 Thursday

US Patent granted to C. R. Bard, Inc (New Jersey) on February 18 titled as
"Vascular graft with kink resistance after clamping"

LENGTH: 192  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 8,652,284, on
February 18, 2014, to C. R. Bard, Inc (New Jersey), titled as "Vascular graft
with kink resistance after clamping "

Inventors:  Bogert; David L. (Tempe, AZ), Abbott; Jamie (Mesa, AZ)

Assignee:  C. R. Bard, Inc. (Murray Hill, NJ)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
self-sealing vascular graft with kink resistance is described. The vascular
graft includes a substrate that can be ePTFE, having a self-sealing region that
may include several layers of material. The central section of the vascular
graft may be constructed differently from surrounding self-sealing regions, in
order to provide kink resistance following the clamping of the graft. Also
described is a graft with a flared cuff attached to one or both ends, the
attachment or transition region including reinforcement beading.

The patent was filed on November 21, 2011 Application no. 13/301,655

For more information please visit: http://www.uspto.gov/. In case of any query
regarding this article or other content needs please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             173 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Medical Device Daily

                           October 3, 2012 Wednesday

Deals roundup: Mallinckrodt acquires CNS Therapeutics for about $100M

LENGTH: 272 words

A Medical Device Daily Staff Report

Mallinckrodt (Hazelwood, Missouri), the pharmaceuticals business of Covidien
(Dublin, Ireland) said it has completed its recently reported acquisition of CNS
Therapeutics (St. Paul, Minnesota) for roughly $100 million. CNS is a specialty
pharmaceuticals company focused on developing products for site-specific
administration to the central nervous system to treat neurological disorders and
intractable chronic pain.

The deal was first reported late last month (Medical Device Daily, Sept. 25,
2012).

"We are excited to welcome the CNS team to the Mallinckrodt family," said Mark
Trudeau, president of pharmaceuticals. "CNS Therapeutics' marketed product line
complements our branded portfolio and supports our strategy of leveraging our
therapeutic expertise and our core capabilities in manufacturing, regulatory and
commercialization to serve patients."

Covidien says it does not expect this transaction to have a material impact on
its fiscal 2013 sales or earnings per share. The company will report the CNS
Therapeutics business in the specialty pharmaceuticals product line within the
pharmaceuticals segment.

In other dealmaking activity, Acacia Research (Newport Beach, California)
reported that a subsidiary has acquired seven patent portfolios with over 1,900
patents and applications relating to stent grafts, vascular grafts, bypass
grafts, graft retrieval technology, graft manufacturing technology, vena cava
filter technology, and filter retrieval technology from a leading global medical
device company.

The transaction is one of Acacia's largest partnerships to date, CEO Paul Ryan
said.

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                          Copyright 2012 AHC Media LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             174 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Medical Device Daily

                           September 27, 2002 Friday

Kensey Nash, other firms swim against the coated-stent tide

LENGTH: 557 words


Drug-coated stents still in the spotlight at TCT

Kensey Nash, other firms swim against the coated-stent tide

A Medical Device Daily Staff Report

Although the near-mania surrounding highly-positive clinical trial results on
drug-eluting stents may make it appear otherwise, not all of what's happening at
this week's Transcatheter Cardiovascular Therapeutics 2000 (TCT) conference has
to do with coated stents.

For Kensey Nash (Exton, Pennsylvania), the focus was on its TriActiv Balloon
Protected Flush Extraction System. The system was used in a live case study,
with Drs. Gary Roubin and Michael Collins of Lenox Hill Medical Center (New
York) performing the procedure on a 63-year-old man with degenerative saphenous
vein graft disease in a graft initially placed 12 years ago. The TriActiv System
is used to minimize major complications during a saphenous vein graft
intervention.

The company also said that Joseph Carrozza, MD, of Beth Israel Deaconess Medical
Center (Boston, Massachusetts), principal investigator in the ongoing PRIDE
trial in the U.S., presented an update on data gathered to date. Carrozza's data
showed a 6.8% MACE (major adverse cardiac event) complication rate for patients
treated within the protocols of the trial's pilot phase. The company said the
in-hospital MACE rate for the overall patient subset treated with the TriAciv
System was 15.3%. It said other studies have indicated that such complication
rates often run as high as 20% in non-protected vein graft procedures.

Carrozza called the early data on the TriActiv System "encouraging," saying the
MACE rate fell to 5.2% after analyzing he data to exclude both protocol
violations and device failures. He said the initial data for what he termed "a
challenging patient subset" was "promising."

Saphenous vein graft disease, in which such grafts used in cardiac bypass
surgery tend to become blocked within 10 years of placement, is the initial
target indication for the TriActiv System. More than 600,000 CABG surgeries are
performed worldwide each year.

John Laird, MD, of the Washington Hospital Center (Washington), presented
preliminary data from Spectranetics' (Colorado Springs, Colorado) Peripheral
Excimer Laser Angioplasty (PELA) clinical trial.

According to Laird, PELA is the first randomized trial to show that patients
with long total superficial femoral artery occlusions can be successfully
treated with endovascular therapies. "Preliminary acute results demonstrated
high procedural success (greater than or equal to 84%) in both groups with
virtually no observations of bypass surgery or amputation," Laird said. "Fewer
stents were used in the laser group. We await the completion of 12 month
follow-up to determine final outcomes."

PELA is a randomized, controlled trial involving 19 treatment centers in the
U.S. and Europe comparing excimer laser atherectomy plus balloon angioplasty to
balloon angioplasty alone in patients with claudication and total occlusions
greater than or equal to 10 cm in the superficial femoral artery. The primary
endpoint is to determine vessel patency 12 months post-procedure. The trial
enrolled 251 patients, which was completed in December 2001, and requires a
12-month follow-up visit.

Spectranetics said it expects to submit a PMA application to the FDA for the
laser system in April 2003.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                          Copyright 2002 AHC Media LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             175 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Medical Device Daily

                            January 31, 2003 Friday

Product Briefs

LENGTH: 993 words


Product Briefs

· Abbott Laboratories (Abbott Park, Illinois) and OraSure Technologies
(Bethlehem, Pennsylvania) reported the availability of the recently-approved
rapid HIV-1 antibody test, OraQuick, to hospitals, physician offices and other
health care facilities in the U.S. OraQuick is the first rapid, point-of-care
test approved by the FDA designed to detect antibodies to HIV-1 in fingerstick
whole blood within approximately 20 minutes, according to the companies. The FDA
approved the test on Nov. 7. Based on clinical data submitted by OraSure
Technologies, the OraQuick test has been shown to have sensitivity and
specificity comparable to laboratory-based tests. Abbott and OraSure entered
into an agreement in June for the co-exclusive distribution of OraQuick.

· Cook (Bloomington, Indiana) has received a device license from Health Canada
for the Zenith AAA Endovascular Graft System, a third-generation stent-graft
system for the endovascular treatment of abdominal aortic aneurysms. Cook said
the Zenith AAA Graft System goes far beyond the first-generation endovascular
AAA systems currently available by including advanced features to improve
fixation and reduce the likelihood of stent-graft leakage, problems seen in
earlier AAA devices marketed in the U.S. and elsewhere. Developed jointly by
Cook companies in the U.S., Europe and Australia, the Zenith system has been
clinically shown to lower morbidity rates, reduce recovery time and improve
quality of life for patients undergoing endovascular AAA repair compared to open
surgical procedures. Cook's system treats these aneurysms without the need for
major surgery. Patients treated with the Zenith system require just two
incisions to allow the insertion of two catheters into the femoral arteries in
the groin. Once the catheters are guided into position through the patient's
arteries, a fabric-covered, self-expanding metal stent-graft is deployed inside
the weakened section of the aorta and the surrounding vessels to relieve
pressure on the aneurysm.  · Curon Medical (Sunnyvale, California) said it has
received notice that the Medicare carrier in the state of Georgia (Cahaba GBA)
will issue a coverage policy for the Stretta procedure to go into effect on
April 1. While other local Medicare carriers have been reimbursing the Stretta
procedure on a patient-by-patient basis, Medicare in Georgia is the first local
Medicare carrier to issue a coverage policy on Stretta, the company said.
Edwards Lifesciences (Irvine, California) said it is launching the PreSep
Central Venous Oximetry Catheter (PreSep catheter) for sale in the U.S. Severe
sepsis, the spread of an infection to the bloodstream resulting in imbalanced
blood oxygen levels, and its severest form, septic shock, are among the leading
causes of death in the U.S. The announcement, made at the 32nd Critical Care
Congress of the Society of Critical Care Medicine (SCCM) in San Antonio, Texas,
comes at a time when the medical community is increasing its focus on the
aggressive prevention, diagnosis and treatment of sepsis. According to the SCCM,
severe sepsis is the leading cause of death in intensive care units and claims
more lives than breast, colon/rectal, pancreatic and prostate cancer combined.
There are more than 750,000 estimated cases in the U.S. each year, and the
incidence of sepsis is expected to continue increasing. The PreSep catheter will
be made available immediately in the U.S. and is expected to become available in
Europe later this year, pending regulatory approval.

· Nellcor (Pleasanton, California), part of Tyco Healthcare, said a study to be
presented at the Society of Critical Care Medicine meeting in San Antonio,
Texas, demonstrates that the Nellcor Max-Fast Adhesive Forehead Sensor detects
hypoxemia significantly sooner than ear and finger sensors during conditions of
low perfusion. The study, "Detection of Hypoxemia During Peripheral
Vasoconstriction at the Radial Artery and Various Pulse Oximeter Sensor Sites,"
was led by Nellcor researchers Donald Bebout, PhD, and Paul Mannheimer. The
researchers investigated the detection of hypoxemia during peripheral
vasoconstriction at the radial artery and various pulse oximeter sites using a
variety of pulse oximeter sensors, including the Nellcor Max-Fast Adhesive
Forehead Sensor, which was introduced as part of the company's OxiMax Pulse
Oximetry System.

· Viasys Healthcare's(Conshohocken, Pennsylvania) Respiratory Technologies Group
received FDA 510(k) clearance to market the Pegasus CPAP for the treatment of
patients diagnosed with obstructive sleep apnea. According to published
statistics, OSA affects approximately 12 million individuals in the U.S. with
the majority undiagnosed. Viasys Healthcare is a global, research-based medical
technology company focused in respiratory technology, neuro-care and
medical/surgical products.

· WorldHeart (Ottawa, Ontario) will unveil its next-generation HeartSaverVAD
(ventricular assist device) to clinicians at this weekend's annual meeting of
the Society of Thoracic Surgeons in San Diego, California. HeartSaverVAD is the
next-generation technology to follow WorldHeart's Novacor LVAS (left ventricular
assist system). In August 2002, WorldHeart said it had decided to merge the
HeartSaverVAD and HeartSaverVAD II programs into a single release of an
optimized product. These technologies were then integrated with the patented
technologies of Novacor LVAS and Novacor LVAS II to formulate the optimized
HeartSaverVAD. WorldHeart will unveil the details of the new HeartSaverVAD at
the time of the public introduction, but confirmed that the fully implantable
pulsatile design of the new heart pump is designed specifically for
destination-therapy patients suffering from heart failure. A public introduction
of the next-generation technology is expected within the next few weeks. The new
HeartSaverVAD is planned for commercial introduction in 2006.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                          Copyright 2003 AHC Media LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             176 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                           February 9, 2017 Thursday

Head Line: US Patent granted to Smith & Nephew, Inc. on February 7, 2017 titled
as "Tissue graft anchoring"

LENGTH: 165 words

DATELINE: New York


ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no.
9,561,027 on February 7, 2017, to Smith & Nephew, Inc. titled as "Tissue graft
anchoring"

Inventors: Perriello; Michael James (Hopedale, MA), Berube; Alfred Rodrigue
(North Attleboro, MA), Ferragamo; Michael Charles (Foster, RI)


Assignee: Smith & Nephew, Inc. (Memphis, TN)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
fixation device includes a member defining at least two openings, and a suture
tied to the member by passing the suture through the at least two openings in
the member to form two suture loops through which ends of the suture pass. The
two suture loops are interconnected. A method of securing a tissue graft
includes providing the fixation member, attaching the suture to a tissue graft,
and adjusting the length of the suture between the fixation member and the
tissue graft by pulling the suture."

The patent was filed on January 5, 2015 Application No. 14/589,227


LOAD-DATE: February 9, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             177 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Medical Device Daily

                            April 6, 2005 Wednesday

Neil Young's aneurysm treatment highlights interventional success

LENGTH: 1159 words


Society of Interventional Radiology

Neil Young's aneurysm treatment highlights interventional success

A Medical Device Daily Staff Report  New medical procedures often receive their
largest public recognition when used to treat high-profile politicians and
entertainment figures.

The cardiovascular sector has especially benefited from stent and pacemaker
implantations provided to Vice President Richard Cheney. And the recent heart
problems of former President Bill Clinton have further underlined the range of
cardiovascular interventions.

This week, among the newest in minimally invasive interventional procedures was
highlighted with the successful treatment of singer/songwriter Neil Young - a
music icon perhaps best known to "boomers" - after suffering what has been
described as a potentially fatal brain aneurysm.

On Monday, Young was released from a New York hospital after undergoing what
doctors described as a "minimally invasive neuroradiology" procedure. The
condition was discovered after the folk/rock star complained of blurred vision,
and the aneurysm was detected with an MRI scan.

Young is expected to experience full recovery, according to his publicist.

In a statement issued by the Society of Interventional Radiology (Fairfax,
Virginia) from its 30th annual meeting which concluded yesterday in New Orleans,
the society described the basic treatment for a brain aneurysm.

Threading a catheter up to the aneurysm from a small incision in the groin, the
physician "places tiny coils at the site . . . to provide mechanical occlusion
of the weakened area, so that pressure is no longer exerted on the aneurysm. The
catheter is withdrawn and the coils remain to provide the occlusion."

The platinum coil device used in the procedure, FDA-approved in 1995, also is
used to treat the hemorrhage resulting from a burst aneurysm.

Interventional neuroradiologists specialize in minimally invasive neurological
procedures such as those affecting the brain or spine.

In other studies presented at the meeting:

· A large, multi-center trial of 190 patients demonstrated a new non-surgical
interventional radiology technique can benefit the more than a quarter of a
million kidney failure patients undergoing dialysis in the U.S. each year. The
research showed that a stent graft keeps dialysis access open for at least six
months longer than balloon angioplasty, allowing dialysis patients to continue
life-preserving treatment without undergoing more invasive procedures.

Dialysis patients often have a vascular access graft surgically placed in the
arm, via prosthetic fistula, to provide a high flow site for dialysis. These
fistulas work by connecting a patient's vein with an artery in their forearm,
but, over time, the access narrows and occludes due to buildup of scar tissue
(intimal hyperplasia). Failing or occluded dialysis access grafts causes
morbidity, discomfort and inconvenience for these patients due to the need for
invasive procedures to reestablish access flow, or to graft abandonment and
reoperation.

When failure occurs, per National Kidney Foundation Guidelines, an
interventional radiologist normally performs a balloon angioplasty to reopen the
fistula and regain access for dialysis.

A total of 190 patients participated in this randomized trial in 16 centers.
Treated lesions were less than or equal to 7 cm in length. Upper extremity
grafts had diameter stenoses greater than 50% and obligate hemodynamic,
functional or clinical abnormalities.

Of the patient group, 97 received stent grafts and 93 balloon angioplasty. There
were no significant differences between graft and PTA cohorts for all criteria.

Anatomic success of the procedures - defined as less than 30% stenosis -
occurred in 94% of stent graft cases and 73% of PTA cases. At six months, binary
restenosis - greater than or equal to 50% stenosis - occurred in 17.3% of stent
graft cases and 65% of PTA cases. The stent graft group showed a treatment area
primary patency benefit of 20% more than that of PTA. Clinical patency at six
months was significantly better than PTA (p=0.014).

Lead investigator and interventional radiologist Ziv Haskal, MD, who called the
research the first large study of its kind, said it shows this new stent graft
technique "provides improvement over the current treatment by prolonging the
function of a patient's bypass non-surgically - helping them avoid additional
invasive procedures and time in the hospital."

Haskal added: "Stent grafts overwhelmingly perform better than balloon
angioplasty for maintaining access in dialysis patients, according to this large
scale prospective randomized study."

· The two of every three people over 50 who inevitably get varicose veins got
good news from the meeting. A study was presented saying all causes of varicose
veins can now be treated with a laser.

The researchers presented two-year data showing a 96% success rate in 200
patients in treating the non-great saphenous veins, which include the anterior
accessory great saphenous vein, the small saphenous vein, and the posterior
thigh circumflex vein. This is the first large study, according to the
researchers, to investigate treating faulty non-great saphenous veins, a
frequent but often under-diagnosed cause of varicose veins.

The results were termed superior to those reported for other treatments of vein
reflux in these veins, including surgery, ultrasound-guided sclerotherapy and
radio frequency ablation.

Endovenous laser ablation is a safe and highly effective treatment for a common
but under-recognized cause of varicose veins - reflux in small saphenous,
accessory saphenous, or other previously difficult to treat veins, collectively
referred to as non-great saphenous veins.

The minimally invasive treatment is an outpatient procedure performed using
duplex ultrasound imaging for guidance. After applying local anesthetic to numb
the vein, a catheter about the size of a strand of spaghetti is inserted into
the vein and is guided inside the vein. Then laser energy is applied to the
inside of the vein to heat the vein and seal it closed. There may be minor
soreness or bruising, which can be treated with over-the-counter pain relievers.
There is no scar, because the procedure does not require a surgical incision,
just a nick in the skin, about the size of a pencil tip.

The laser treatment has been proven to be a highly effective treatment for
reflux in the great saphenous vein, which is the most common underlying cause of
the visible varicose veins below.

"This new study means that millions of patients will now have an effective
non-surgical treatment for their varicose veins," said Robert Min, MD, an
interventional radiologist with Cornell Vascular (New York). "Surgical removal
of varicose veins, even in the best series, has about a 25% or higher recurrence
rate. In equivalent time periods laser ablation has had a recurrence rate of
less than 5%."

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                          Copyright 2005 AHC Media LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             178 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          December 31, 2014 Wednesday

US Patent granted to University of South Florida (Florida) on December 30 titled
as "Apparatus for osteotomy and graft preparation"

LENGTH: 186  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 8,920,426, on
December 30, 2014, to University of South Florida (Florida), titled as
"Apparatus for osteotomy and graft preparation"

Inventors:  Henderson; Eric R. (Boston, MA)
Assignee:  University of South Florida (Tampa, FL)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office:
"Surgical tools that increase surgical accuracy for orthopedic procedures
involving long bone osteotomy with or without supplementation with allograft or
autograft. Two clamps on the operative side are rigidly interconnected to one
another with an adjustable rod that is locked into place, preserving length and
rotation of the bone. A graft preparation device is used on the operative table.
It enables alignment of the graft to preserve the desired mechanical and
anatomic axes and to provide rigid fixation of the graft for cutting. Adjustable
jigs ensure exact cuts."

The patent was filed on January 27, 2012 Application no. 13/359,862

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             179 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Florida Keys Keynoter (Marathon)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             June 8, 2011 Wednesday

BRIEF: Man dies after Keys deputy drives into him

BYLINE: Florida Keys Keynoter, Marathon

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 188 words


June 08--A North Huntington, Pa., man died Monday morning, a day after being
struck by a Monroe County Sheriff's Office deputy's cruiser.

The Florida Highway Patrol and the Sheriff's Office say Randall Graft, 54, was
driving a small electric car south on U.S. 1 at mile marker 2 at 7:41 a.m.
Sunday and Deputy Scott Ward, 38, of Key West was driving his 2010 Ford behind
him.

The front of Ward's cruiser hit the rear of Graft's electric car, causing Graft
to get ejected from his vehicle. Stock Island emergency responders arrived and
Graft was taken by via TraumaStar air ambulance to the Ryder Trauma Center in
Miami, where he later died.

The Highway Patrol is the investigating agency, and no charges have been filed.

Graft's death was the sixth traffic fatality south of Florida City this year.

To see more of the Keynoter, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.keysnet.com. Copyright (c) 2011, Florida Keys Keynoter, Marathon
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: June 8, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110608-FK-BRF-Man-dies-after-Keys-deputy-drives-into-him-0608-20110608

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FK


                      Copyright 2011 Florida Keys Keynoter


                             180 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                          September 15, 2011 Thursday

2 airmen make surprise return to wives, infants

BYLINE: Timothy Puko

LENGTH: 347 words


Keith Graft just spent the last six months in a hot, lonesome war  zone halfway
around the world. But it was on Tuesday in Atlanta that  felt like the longest
night of his life.

Graft, a senior airman at the Air Force Reserve's 911th Airlift Wing  in Moon,
was making an early return home from Afghanistan this week for a  surprise
reunion with his wife and newborn baby. He had to spend  Tuesday waiting within
sight of his wife's hotel before their televised  reunion Wednesday morning at
CNN's studios and then a trip back home  last night.

At Pittsburgh International Airport, with 28 fellow reservists and  the bright
lights of four television cameras there to welcome him home,  Graft wasn't
letting go of his new son Blake Allen Graft. Airman Graft  watched the birth of
his son on the Internet just three weeks ago, and  yesterday the pink,
sleepy-eyed newborn stayed quiet, cradled in his  father's left arm.

"I'm so glad to hold my child," Graft, 24, of Greensburg told family,  reporters
and the fellow servicemen gathered in the airport. "I've been  holding him as
long as possible, and that'll probably go on for  awhile."

Graft and Senior Airman Domenic Mash, 21, of Davidsville in Somerset  County
volunteered to be part of a 13-member team deployed to  Afghanistan even though
they knew they would miss the births of their  first children. The rest of their
team should be home within a month,  but officers expedited the return of Graft
and Mash so they could see  their newborns, the unit's spokesman, Capt. Shawn M.
Walleck, said.

The time apart was lonely and difficult, both servicemen and their  wives said.
They leaned on family for support, talked as much as they  could to one another
and traded pictures to get through it, they said.

It may have culminated in a whirlwind reunion, but just the chance to  spend
downtime together, sitting together in the hotel and on the  airplane and
holding their children was the best part of the day, the  couples said.

"I didn't even know would happen," Mash said. "There was just a million things
flying through my mind."

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2011 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             181 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Medical Device Daily

                             May 27, 1999 Thursday

Product Updates

LENGTH: 1206 words

Product Updates

· ArthroCare (Sunnyvale, California) has received approval from the Japanese
Ministry of Health and Welfare to market the company's Coblation-based
arthroscopyproducts in Japan, with sales being handled through Kobayashi
Pharmaceutical Co. Ltd.

· Biocontrol Technology (Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania) submitted to the FDA the
first module of its premarket approval application for the Diasensor 2000, a
noninvasive glucose monitor similar to the Diasensor 1000 model with
enhancements to the operating software and hardware. The module contains a
description of Biocontrol's manufacturing methods, facilities and controls.

· The FDA has approved Boston Scientific's (Natick, Massachusetts) Adante PTCA
balloon catheter. The Adante is a low-profile, next-generation Monorail balloon
that offers dual radioplaque marker bands. The Monorail technology, which
provides quick catheter and wire exchanges, is used in a number of other Boston
Scientific products, including the VIVA, Bonnie and Maxxum balloon catheters as
well as a line of leading coronary stents and guide wires.

· CardioTech International (Woburn, Massa chusetts), a maker of
polyurethane-based vascular graft devices for the treatment of late-stage
cardiovascular disease, announced results in an independent presentation of
research on its Myolink vascular graft for peripheral bypass that show the
product mimics the compliance of natural blood vessels. The research was
conducted at the Royal Free Hospital and University Medical School (London) and
presented earlier this month at the annual meeting of the Association of
Surgeons of Great Britain and Ireland. Alan Edwards, executive vice president of
CardioTech, said the graft's compliance feature is built in through "a
combination of material, microporous graft structure and patented processing
method."

· EDAP TMS's (Vaux en Velin, France) High-Intensity Focused Ultrasound
technology has received the CE Mark for treatment of localized prostate cancer.
The technology is used in the company's Ablatherm, which uses a focused
ultrasound beam to destroy well-defined tumors without affecting the surrounding
tissue. The minimally invasive product is a valid treatment alternative for
patients with localized prostate cancer who are unsuitable for surgery.

· Drug-delivery specialist Genetronics (San Diego, California) said interim
results from a Phase II trial of its Electroporation Therapy system in treating
squamous cell carcinoma of the head and neck showed a clinical response was
achieved in 64% of 42 tumors treated. The results were consistent with those
from an earlier trial. The system incorporates intratumoral injection of a chemo
therapeutic agent and a pulsed electric field, which increases permeability of
the cell membranes to the drug.

· RenalTech International (New York) presented a device expected to increase the
efficiency of dialysis at the Biotechnology Industry Organization's annual
meeting in Seattle, Washington, last week. According to RenalTech, the device's
polymer technology enhances removal of middle-molecular-weight toxins, which
have been shown to cause destructive arthritis and carpal tunnel syndrome,
immune system inhibition and susceptibility to infection and chronic
malnutrition, and have been correlated to patient mortality. The proprietary
polymer eliminated up to 98% of the middle-molecular-weight toxin beta-2
microglobulin during simulated four-hour in vitro hemo-perfusion experiments,
and removal rates for many other middle-molecular-weight toxins in simulated in
vitro hemoperfusion sessions are 86% or greater. In vivo removal rates for
beta-2 microglobulin and other toxins are unknown, scientists said. The
RenalTech device will be marketed as a complement to current dialysis systems.
The company expects to file a 510(k) application in the fourth quarter.

· U.S. clinical trials of St. Jude Medical's (St. Paul, Minnesota) SJM Regent
mechanical heart valve, the newest addition to the company's mechanical heart
valve line, have begun. The first implants of the valve were carried out by Dr.
Michael Petracek at Saint Thomas Heart Institute (Nashville, Tennessee). The
valve features design modifications to the outside profile of the carbon that
have led to what the company termed "significantly improved hemodynamic
performance." The company added that the aortic valve maintains "the favorable
clinical performance and durability of earlier St. Jude Medical mechanical
valves." Steven Healy, president of St. Jude's Heart Valve Division, said the
valve was developed through application of the company's expertise in design and
manufacture of pyrolytic carbon heart valves, and "is the first valve designed
and developed with the aid of advanced supercomputer modeling tools, a
technology not available for earlier design modifications to our mechanical
valve product line." St. Jude Medical received CE Mark approval for the SJM
Regent valve in February and launched the valve in Europe and Canada at that
time.

· SonoSite (Bothell, Washington) has introduced to obstetricians and
gynecologists the SonoSite 180 hand-carried ultrasound system, an all-digital,
broad bandwidth technology in a compact ultrasound system weighing 5.4 pounds.
It was introduced at last week's American College of Obstetricians and
Gynecologists conference in Philadelphia. Initial applications include
gynecology, obstetrics and abdominal imaging to augment routine bimanual pelvic
exams, assess pelvic pain or abnormal bleeding and aid in basic fetal
assessment. Additional applications for emergency medicine and cardiology are
also being developed. The new system's initial applications feature Color Power
Doppler and both transabdominal and intravaginal imaging. The company said it
expects to begin shipping the product worldwide late this year.

· STAAR Surgical (Monrovia, California) said the first toric implantable contact
lens was placed in a patient's eye in Munich, Germany, marking the beginning of
the clinical trial necessary to obtain the CE Mark in Europe. The implant
procedure for the toric ICL is exactly the same as that for the ICL, according
to the company. It involves a minimally invasive, sutureless micro-incision
followed by placement of the lens. ICLs represent an advantage to laser surgery
in that the natural curvature of the cornea is maintained.

· Vista Medical Technologies' (Carlsbad, Califor nia) StereoScope camera head
and companion StereoEndoscope has received 510(k) clearance from the FDA. The
products, which add expanded capability to the company's existing 3-D
visualization platforms, will be sold in conjunction with the Series 8000 for
minimally invasive cardiac surgery and Vista's new system for general
laparoscopic surgical applications.

· Visualization Technology (Wilmington, Massa chusetts) said the first in a
series of debrider handpiece attachment kits is available for use with the
InstaTrak system. The Straightshot debrider attachment enables surgeons to use
their own debrider handpiece in conjunction with the InstaTrak. Additional
attachments for instruments manufactured by Stryker (Kalamazoo, Michigan), Smith
& Nephew (London) and other companies will be available this year.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                          Copyright 1999 AHC Media LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             182 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                            January 10, 2017 Tuesday

MiMedx Group, Inc. applies for US Patent titled as "CROSS-LINKED DEHYDRATED
PLACENTAL TISSUE GRAFTS AND METHODS FOR MAKING AND USING THE SAME"

LENGTH: 161 words

DATELINE: New York


ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an
application no. 20170000927 for US Patent, published on January 5, 2017, by
MiMedx Group, Inc., titled as "CROSS-LINKED DEHYDRATED PLACENTAL TISSUE GRAFTS
AND METHODS FOR MAKING AND USING THE SAME"  for the registration of patent.



Inventors: Koob; Tom; (Marietta, GA) ; DANIEL; John; (Marietta, GA) ; Spencer;
Randall; (Marietta, GA)

Applicant: MiMedx Group, Inc. Marietta GA US

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office:
"Described herein are tissue grafts produced by contacting dehydrated placental
tissue grafts with a cross-linking agent. The tissue grafts described herein
provide barrier and prevent the migration of a bioactive agent from the wound.
Thus, the tissue grafts enhance wound healing while preventing the undesirable
migration of a bioactive agent from the wound. Methods for making and using the
cross-linked grafts are also described herein."


LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             183 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 7, 2013 Friday

USPTO Published Patent application of MIMEDX GROUP, INC titled as "PLACENTAL
TISSUE GRAFTS AND IMPROVED METHODS OF PREPARING AND USING THE SAME"

LENGTH: 255 words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an application no.
20130129836, on May 23, 2013, by MIMEDX GROUP, INC, titled as "PLACENTAL TISSUE
GRAFTS AND IMPROVED METHODS OF PREPARING AND USING THE SAME" for the
registration of patent.

Inventors:  Daniel; John; (Kennesaw, GA) ; Tofe; Robert; (Denver, CO) ; Spencer;
Randall; (Kennesaw, GA) ; Russo; John F.; (Sarasota, FL)
Assignee:  MIMEDX GROUP, INC.
Kennesaw
GA

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office:
"Described herein are tissue grafts derived from the placenta. The grafts are
composed of at least one layer of amnion tissue where the epithelium layer has
been substantially removed in order to expose the basement layer to host cells.
By removing the epithelium layer, cells from the host can more readily interact
with the cell-adhesion bio-active factors located onto top and within of the
basement membrane. Also described herein are methods for making and using the
tissue grafts. The laminin structure of amnion tissue is nearly identical to
that of native human tissue such as, for example, oral mucosa tissue. This
includes high level of laminin-5, a cell adhesion bio-active factor show to bind
gingival epithelia-cells, found throughout upper portions of the basement
membrane."

The Patent was filed on January 15, 2013 under application No. 20130129836

For more information please visit: http://www.uspto.gov/. In case of any query
regarding this article or other content needs please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             184 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Medical Device Daily

                              June 6, 2008 Friday

Talent stent graft gets FDA nod for aneurysm treatment

LENGTH: 242 words


Talent stent graft gets FDA nod for aneurysm treatment

A Medical Device Daily Staff Report

Medtronic (Minneapolis) reported FDA approval for the Talent thoracic stent
graft, a device for the minimally invasive treatment of certain types of
aneurysms of the descending thoracic aorta.

"There are still many patients undiagnosed and in need of treatment for thoracic
aortic disease," said Ronald Fairman, MD, professor of surgery and chief of
vascular surgery at the University of Pennsylvania Hospital (Philadelphia). "FDA
approval of the Talent Thoracic Stent Graft is an important development in
physicians' abilities to treat this life-threatening condition. In my
experience, this device offers a superior alternative to open surgery and will
allow physicians to perform minimally-invasive thoracic aortic aneurysm repair
for a broader population of patients."

The Talent makes thoracic endovascular aortic repair accessible to an additional
25% of patients. It is available in a range of diameters - from 22 mm to 46 mm.
This size matrix offers physicians multiple options to customize devices for
their patients' needs and to treat a wider range of anatomies than with the
other available endografts.

Medtronic's portfolio of aortic stent grafts includes the Talent abdominal and
thoracic stent graft systems worldwide, the AneuRx AAAdvantage abdominal stent
graft system in the U.S., and the Valiant thoracic stent graft system outside
the U.S.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                          Copyright 2008 AHC Media LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             185 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                     PR.com

                      November 1, 2016 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

Global Dental Bone Grafts Market New Report by Data Bridge Market Research

BYLINE: Data Bridge Market Research

LENGTH: 403  words


Dallas, TX,  November 01, 2016 --(PR.com)-- The market for Dental Bone Graft
Market has accounted for USD 433.4 million by 2015, growing at 10.3% during the
forecast years to 2022.

The market is segmented on the basis of product type, procedure type, material
type, and geography.

Request for sample pages:
http://databridgemarketresearch.com/reports/global-dental-bone-graft
-market-trends-forecast-2022/

On the basis of product type the Dental Bone Graft market is segmented into
synthetic bone grafts, xenograft, allograft, demineralized allograft and repair
membranes. synthetic grafts market is further segmented into ceramics,
tricalcium phosphate, hydroxyapatite and others. The repair membrane segment is
further sub-divided into bio-reabsorbable, non bio-reabsorbable membranes.

Based on procedure the market is segmented into ridge augmentation, socket
preservation, periodontal defect regeneration, implant bone regeneration and
sinus lift.

On the basis of material type the global dental bone graft substitute market is
segmented into putty, Injectable and granules.

Based on geography the market is segmented into geographical regions such as
North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, South America and rest of the world. The
report of this market shares countries such as U.S. Canada, Mexico, Germany,
France, U.K., Belgium, Switzerland, Belgium, Turkey, Japan, China, Singapore,
Brazil, India, Russia, South Africa.

Read more: http://databridgemarketresearch.com/reports/global-dental-bone-graft
-market-trends-forecast-2022/

The major players operating in this market are Institut Straumann AG, Genoss,
Curasan AG, Geistlich, Olympus Terumo Biomaterials Corp, Kerr Corporation,
DENTSPLY Sirona International, Sunstar Americas, Inc., Zimmer Biomet, NovaBone,
Medtronic, Cortex Dental Implants Industries Ltd., BioHorizons IPH, Inc., ACE
Surgical Supply Company, Inc., RTI Surgical, Inc., Graftys, Collagen Matrix,
Inc., LifeNet Health, and Dentium.

About Data Bridge Market Research:

Data Bridge set forth itself as an unconventional and neoteric Market research
and consulting firm with unparalleled level of resilience and integrated
approaches. We are determined to unearth the best market opportunities and
foster efficient information for your business to thrive in the market. Data
Bridge endeavors to provide appropriate solutions to the complex business
challenges and initiates an effortless decision-making process.

LOAD-DATE: November 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


               Copyright 2016 PR.com, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             186 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               India Pharma News

                       October 5, 2015 Monday 6:30 AM EST

Medtronic's Valiant Thoracic Stent Graft System Demonstrates Durability After
Five Years

LENGTH: 562  words


Oct. 5 -- Medtronic plc (NYSE:MDT) today announced favorable five-year data in
the VALOR II Study, demonstrating the durability of the Valiant Thoracic Stent
Graft System, an innovative and minimally invasive treatment for patients with
thoracic aortic aneurysms (TAA). The data, results of five-year patient
follow-up, were presented on Friday, October 2, 2015 by Mark F. Conrad, M.D.,
Director of Clinical Research, Division of Vascular and Endovascular Surgery and
Assistant Program Director, Division of Vascular and Endovascular Surgery for
Massachusetts General Hospital, at the 42nd Annual Meeting of the New England
Society for Vascular Surgery in Newport, R.I.

"The five-year results from VALOR II provide confidence to physicians treating
patients with descending TAA, in the durability and effectiveness of the Valiant
Thoracic Stent Graft System," said Dr. Conrad. "The five-year data demonstrate a
high rate of freedom from aneurysm-related mortality and rare incidences of
rupture or conversion to open surgery."

A TAA is a dangerous weakening and subsequent bulge in the aorta (the body's
main artery) near where it branches off the heart; those that rupture usually
result in death. An estimated 60,000 people in the U.S. alone have a TAA. Those
aneurysms that are detected before rupturing can usually be effectively treated
with stent grafts or invasive surgery.

VALOR II is a prospective, single-arm study that involved 160 patients at 24
U.S. medical centers. It was designed to evaluate the safety and effectiveness
of the Valiant Thoracic Stent Graft System for thoracic endovascular aortic
repair (TEVAR) of aneurysms in the descending thoracic aorta.

Key VALOR II five-year follow-up findings include:

94.8 percent freedom from aneurysm related mortality

1.3 percent rupture rate

6.9 percent required secondary procedures

0.6 percent (1/160) conversion to open surgery rate

89.3 percent of patients had stable or decreased aneurysm size

0.0 percent migration reported (defined as >10mm from the 1-month follow-up)

0.0 percent loss of integrity reported

"The Valiant system leverages Medtronic's 17 years of thoracic stent graft
experience and innovation, and is proven in more than 70,000 patients," said
Daveen Chopra, vice president and general manager of the Aortic business, which
is part of the Aortic & Peripheral Vascular division at Medtronic. "The VALOR II
study proves the durability of the system and our commitment to clinical
research and improving patient outcomes with an objective to settle for nothing
less."

The Valiant Thoracic Stent Graft System is indicated for the endovascular repair
of all lesions of the descending thoracic aorta in patients having appropriate
anatomy, including: iliac or femoral access vessel morphology that is compatible
with vascular access techniques, devices, and/or accessories, non-aneurysmal
aortic diameter in the range of 18-42 mm and non-aneurysmal aortic proximal and
distal neck lengths >= 20 mm.

In collaboration with leading clinicians, researchers and scientists worldwide,
Medtronic offers the broadest range of innovative medical technology for the
interventional and surgical treatment of cardiovascular disease and cardiac
arrhythmias. The company strives to offer products and services that deliver
clinical and economic value to healthcare consumers and providers around the
world.

Source: Medtronic

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2015 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             187 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 24, 2014 Thursday

US Patent granted to MiMedx Group, Inc (Georgia) on April 22 titled as
"Placental tissue grafts"

LENGTH: 240  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 8,703,206, on
April 22, 2014, to MiMedx Group, Inc (Georgia), titled as "Placental tissue
grafts"

Inventors:  Daniel; John (Kennesaw, GA), Tofe; Robert (Denver, CO), Spencer;
Randall (Kennesaw, GA), Russo; John F. (Sarasota, FL)

Assignee:  MiMedx Group, Inc. (Kennesaw, GA)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office:
"Described herein are tissue grafts derived from the placenta. The grafts are
composed of at least one layer of amnion tissue where the epithelium layer has
been substantially removed in order to expose the basement layer to host cells.
By removing the epithelium layer, cells from the host can more readily interact
with the cell-adhesion bio-active factors located onto top and within of the
basement membrane. Also described herein are methods for making and using the
tissue grafts. The laminin structure of amnion tissue is nearly identical to
that of native human tissue such as, for example, oral mucosa tissue. This
includes high level of laminin-5, a cell adhesion bio-active factor show to bind
gingival epithelia-cells, found throughout upper portions of the basement
membrane."

The patent was filed on January 15, 2013 Application no.  13/742,241

For more information please visit: http://www.uspto.gov/. In case of any query
regarding this article or other content needs please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             188 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Medical Device Daily

                           November 23, 2004 Tuesday

Gathering backs need for independent specialty status

LENGTH: 1358 words


VEITHsymposium

Gathering backs need for independent specialty status

By DON LONG Medical Device Daily Managing Editor  Using the rough analogy of a
national election and nominating conventions, this year's VEITHsymposium might
best be described as pushing forward vascular surgery as an independent
specialty and challenging the sector's more traditional approaches.

The New York symposium, the 31st overall, served to support its organizers'
contention that vascular surgery deserves its own independent board - approved
by the American Board of Medical Specialties (Evanston, Illinois) - by rolling
out a formidable list of presenters touting the efficacy of the newest
endovascular and minimally invasive vascular surgery strategies and patient
benefits as compared to standard surgical approaches.

The argument for this independent recognition was recently backed by a Deloitte
and Touche poll indicating that members of the Society for Vascular Surgery
(SVS; Chicago) back such recognition. The survey said that 76% of its members -
representing 90% of vascular surgeons - support the independent board.

A sampling of presentations at the symposium:

· Barry Katzan, MD, an interventional radiologist and medical director of
Baptist Cardiac and Vascular Institute (Miami, Florida),reported on preliminary
trial data using the Enovus stent graft from Trivascular (Santa Rosa,
California), telling Medical Device Daily that the graft, yet to be approved,
"represents a unique approach to endovascular grafting" in the treatment of
abdominal aortic aneurysm (AAA) and that it "looks like it's going to be very
effective." Katzan is a senior investigator and a member of the executive
committee for the product trial.

He described the Enovus design as featuring a unibody construction that serves
to separate the fixation and sealing components "and significantly reducing the
size of the delivery system."

He highlighted the reduced size of the delivery system - "compared to anything
else on the market" - which is achieved with an injectable polymer that, with
injection, "goes in small and than fills out to support the implant.
Essentially, it's a little bit like a balloon that, after positioned in place in
the aorta, expands out the graft."

He added: "the aneurysm shrinkage seems to be very significant with this device.
With some [grafts], the aneurysm may not shrink at all," calling aneurysm
shrinkage "a surrogate for success."

The preliminary trial, he said, will be followed by two other key developments:
incorporation of several improvements, with those improvements then used in a
Phase II trial "about two quarters from now."

He was emphatic in calling the Enovus "a next generation implant, no question.
If everything [further] substantiates the data we see, this will be a
generational improvement, and result in a generational leap in the technology."

Boston Scientific (Natick, Massachusetts) has an option for future distribution
of the Enovus and has an option to acquire the company.

· Presenting an overview of the AAA arena, and the trends in new sector
applications, was Roy Greenberg, MD, of the Cleveland Clinic Foundation
(Cleveland).

"The natural evolution of the technology [to treat AAA]," he told MDD, "is that
the entire aorta will be in the domain of the interventional specialist, in the
minimally invasive fashion - it's already there in our institution."

And Greenberg charged that the morbidity and mortality of treatments of AAA with
conventional procedures "is way too high."

While he acknowledged that there have been problems with AAA grafts, these
problems "become less and less relevant," he said, with the proper selection of
graft type matched to patient. He also noted progress in training, imaging and
related procedures as keys to increased use of interventional methods in the
area.

"Ultimately in five years, about 90% of aortic disease" will be treated with
interventional approaches, he said.

· Focusing on interventional procedures in the head and neck area was Allan
Brook, MD, associate professor of clinical radiology at Albert Einstein College
of Medicine and director, interventional radiology, at Montefiore Medical Center
(both Bronx, New York).

Brook provided an overview of coil technologies for treating brain aneurysms and
the more recent application of intracranial stents for isolating aneurysms.

"With intracranial stents [placed] across the neck of an aneurysm, we're able to
treat many more difficult aneurysms," he told MDD.

He described the shift from traditional strategies as "zero percent" 10 years
ago in the U.S., to "now approaching 50% in some centers." Meanwhile, he said
that European providers have generally adopted the interventional treatments,
based on reimbursement systems by their national healthcare systems.

He also described the expanding uses of carotid stents as challenging standard
surgical procedures.

As to carotid stenting, he said it has not yet been proven to be as safe and
effective as the "proven entity" of standard surgery, but he predicted that the
necessary supporting data for stenting will be available "over the next five
years."

· Thomas O'Donnell, MD, of Tufts-New England Medical Center (Boston) presented
what he termed a "level 1" review of evidence concerning three different types
of treatments of diabetic foot ulcers and venous ulcers which are treated by
vascular specialists. He reviewed a group of studies roughly divided between the
use of artificial skin products, platelet derived growth factors and
semiocclusive dressings.

Providing what he termed a "preliminary analysis" of the study data, he reported
the greatest promise for the use of artificial skin from different companies,
primarily Dermagraft from Smith & Nephew (London).

The artificial skin treatments showed complete healing, described as total
endothelialization in five of seven studies, whereas only two of four studies
demonstrated that growth factor "agents" had positive healing results. Least
effective were the semiocclusive dressing treatments, with only one of three
trials showing significant healing.

The level 1 approach involved only those studies where various standard-of-care
strategies were first employed, thus isolating effects of the studied
modalities, O'Donnell told MDD.

In other news from the symposium:

·W.L. Gore and Associates (Flagstaff, Arizona) used the gathering as a platform
for rolling out its recent asset acquisition from ArteriA Medical Science (San
Francisco), chiefly ArteriA's Parodi Anti-Emboli System (PAES) and related
devices.

In unveiling the acquisition, Nitin Salumke, PhD, special product manager for
W.L. Gore, told MDD that the significance of the PAES and PAESII systems is in
enabling the treatment, via carotid angioplasty and stenting of an expanded
patient population with "certain carotid lesions which have very high potential
to create embolic particles." PAES, he said "provides protection throughout the
procedure and hence significantly minimizes any adverse event of embolic
particles."

· It was announced that Frank Veith, MD, for whom the symposium is named and its
host, is the recipient of the first Juilius H. Jacobson II, MD Award for
Physician Excellence, given by the Vascular Disease Foundation. Jacobson, a
pioneer in the field of microscurgery, said that Veith's contribution "has been
bringing about a globalization of vascular surgical knowledge to the
profession." And the new interventional approaches in the field are applicable
and safe for both lower risk as well as high-risk patients, he told MDD.

Apart from acknowledging the new award, Veith reiterated his pursuit of a key
mission: that vascular surgery will be done "more and more by people just doing
vascular surgery, not as a hobby or as a sideline." He added: "Unfortunately,
we're locked in a struggle" to prevent the hob-by/sideline approach, the main
opposition coming from the American Board of Surgery.

He said the attempt at recognition by an American Board of Medical Specialties
has been ongoing for "the last five or six years and we're still in the process
of fighting it."

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                          Copyright 2004 AHC Media LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             189 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                           January 21, 2017 Saturday

Sanford Health (South Dakota) applies for US Patent titled as "Bridging Stent
Graft with Interlocking Features and Methods for Use"

LENGTH: 195 words

DATELINE: New York


ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an
application no. 20170014221 for US Patent, published on January 19, 2017, by
Sanford Health (South Dakota), titled as "Bridging Stent Graft with Interlocking
Features and Methods for Use"  for the registration of patent.



Inventors: Kelly; Patrick W.; (Sioux Falls, SD)

Applicant: Sanford Health   Sioux Falls   SD   US (South Dakota)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "The
present disclosure provides a stent graft comprising (a) a self-expandable stent
structure and a graft covering positioned over the self-expandable stent
structure, the self-expandable stent structure having a first end and a second
end, wherein the self-expandable stent structure defines a lumen, and (b) at
least one annular channel defined by at least one of the self-expandable stent
structure and the graft covering and extending radially outward from the
self-expandable stent structure or at least one annular protrusion defined by at
least one of the self-expandable stent structure and the graft covering and
extending radially inward from the self-expandable stent structure."


LOAD-DATE: January 21, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             190 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                           November 19, 2016 Saturday

Kassab; Chassan S. applies for US Patent titled as "DEVICES, SYSTEMS AND METHODS
FOR TISSUE ENGINEERING OF LUMINAL GRAFTS"

LENGTH: 204 words

DATELINE: New York


ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an
application no. 20160331511 for US Patent, published on November 17, 2016, by
Kassab; Chassan S., titled as "DEVICES, SYSTEMS AND METHODS FOR TISSUE
ENGINEERING OF LUMINAL GRAFTS"  for the registration of patent.



Inventors: Kassab; Ghassan S.; (La Jolla, CA) ; Lu; Xiao; (San Diego, CA)

Applicant: Kassab; Chassan S. La Jolla US

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "The
disclosure of the present application provides devices, systems, and methods for
replacing damaged or compromised blood vessels and engineering luminal grafts
for various medical applications. Such devices are capable of providing viable,
small-diameter grafts for use in anastomotic procedures and comprise a tubular
construct consisting largely of elastin and some collagen fibers and having at
least one diameter of less than or equal to about 5 mm. In one exemplary
embodiment, the graft comprises at least one layer of pulmonary ligament tissue
and/or pulmonary visceral pleura. Systems and methods for the manufacture of the
graft are also provided, which include the use of at least one layer of tissue,
a mandrel and a closure mechanism."


LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             191 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                           October 22, 2016 Saturday

Head Line: WIPO PUBLISHES PATENT OF NSVASCULAR, INC. TITLED AS "THIN-FILM CUFF
FOR ENDOTHELIALIZATION OF ENDOVASCULAR GRAFTS"

LENGTH: 198 words

DATELINE: New York


GENEVA: Publication No. WO/2016/168765 was published on October 20, 2016 by
WIPO.

Title of the invention: THIN-FILM CUFF FOR ENDOTHELIALIZATION OF ENDOVASCULAR
GRAFTS

Applicants: NSVASCULAR, INC. [US/US]; Suite 1230 10960 Wilshire Blvd. Los
Angeles, California 90024 (US)


Inventors: COOK, Ian A.; (US). KEALEY, Colin; (US). GUPTA, Vikas; (US)

According to the abstract published by the World Intellectual Property
Organization on its website: "Methods and devices are provided for the use of
thin-film cuffs on endovascular grafts. A method includes forming a fenestrated
thin-film Nitinol sheet, expanding the fenestrated thin-film Nitinol sheet to
expand the fenestrations, and attaching the expanded thin-film Nitinol sheet to
a longitudinal end of a cover for an endovascular graft to form a cuff for the
endovascular graft. The method may further include implanting the endovascular
graft into a blood vessel. An endovascular graft may include a cover having a
proximal and distal end, a proximal thin-film mesh cuff extending from the
proximal end, and a distal thin-film mesh cuff extending form the distal end."

The patent was filed on 15.04.2016 under Application No. PCT/US2016/027988


LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             192 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                              June 13, 2003 Friday

Guidant pleads guilty in aneurysm device case;
Unit of company admits to fraudulent statements and failure to report flaws

BYLINE: THOMAS M. BURTON AND PATRICIA CALLAHAN

SECTION: REPORT ON BUSINESS: THE WALL STREET JOURNAL; Pg. B12

LENGTH: 684 words


When medical company Guidant Corp. temporarily withdrew its aortic-aneurysm
device from the U.S. market in March, 2001, chief executive officer Ronald
Dollens said problems with the device didn't involve any injuries to patients.
But Guidant's guilty plea to federal felonies yesterday painted a far starker
picture.

In one of the biggest criminal cases involving a medical-device company,
Guidant's Endovascular Technologies Inc. unit in California pleaded guilty to 10
federal felony counts, including fraudulent statements and failure to report
medical device flaws to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration. It also agreed to
pay $92.4-million (U.S.) to the U.S. government.

The charges of fraudulent statements and sale of a "misbranded" medical device
involve Indianapolis-based Guidant's Ancure stent-graft for treating bulging
sections of the abdominal aorta, called aneurysms, which potentially can rupture
and cause nearly instantaneous death. The devices are made by Guidant's
Endovascular Technologies unit.

Various plaintiffs who allege injuries and deaths have filed civil lawsuits, and
other such cases appear likely to follow the action by the U.S. attorney's
office in San Francisco.

Yesterday's filing by federal prosecutors said there were 12 deaths, related to
these cases, that weren't reported to federal authorities.

Also, it charged, there are 57 cases in which surgeons weren't able to extract
the delivery catheter - inserted through the artery in the thigh - that is used
to direct the stent graft up to its proper location in the aorta. In these
instances, vascular surgeons had to carry out emergency surgical repair on the
aneurysms instead of proceeding with installation of the device.

In all, according to the charges admitted by Guidant, the company was
responsible for 2,628 cases of malfunctions, including deaths and serious
injuries, that it failed to report to federal authorities. Often, these involved
difficulties with the delivery catheter. That compares with the 7,632 delivery
catheters Guidant sold since their entry into the U.S. market Sept. 30, 1999,
until March 16, 2001, when Guidant pulled the devices and catheters temporarily
from the market.

The Ancure stent-graft was reapproved by the FDA by August of that year.

More than 200,000 Americans are diagnosed with abdominal aortic aneurysms every
year, and doctors estimate about 16,000 die. However, the true number may be far
higher than that, as many patients die at home of unknown causes that often are
generally described as cardiac in nature.

Ancure is one of a small handful of federally approved devices on the U.S.
market for the treatment of aortic aneurysms. One other such device is the
Aneuryx, made by Guidant's archrival, Medtronic Inc. of Minneapolis. It isn't
involved in this case.

The devices are known as stent-grafts because they include both a stent, a
coiled section of wire or other material to prop open an artery; and a graft, a
section of fabric designed to replace the part of a patient's aorta. The main
idea of the device is to create a new, interior channel for blood to flow
through - and take pressure off the wall of the aorta to minimize the risk of
bursting.

The Guidant case is among the most serious recorded involving the medical-device
industry. But stent-grafts, while potentially an advance over surgery as a means
of treating aortic aneurysms, have been plagued with difficulties during four
years on the U.S. market and a longer span of about a decade in Europe.

The most common such difficulties have typically involved a phenomenon known as
endo-leaks, in which blood leaks behind the stent graft and continues to flow
outside it through the main channel of the aorta. The danger in such a case is
that pressure will continue to build up and that the aorta will burst, just as
it would have, had the device not been there at all.

Less common are cases known as migration, in which the stent-graft slides out of
place. Again, the main danger would be rupture. The risk of rupture from an
aortic aneurysm increases with the size of the aneurysm.

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2003 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             193 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Medical Device Daily

                             May 2, 2001 Wednesday

FDA issues warning letter on Guidant, Medtronic AAA grafts

LENGTH: 724 words

FDA issues warning letter on Guidant, Medtronic AAA grafts

A Medical Device Daily Staff Report

The FDA, late last week, issued a "public health notification" relating to
problems with endovascular grafts for the treatment of abdominal aortic
aneurysms (AAA). The graft systems are made by Guidant (Indianapolis, Indiana)
and Medtronic (Minneapolis, Minnesota).

The FDA approved both products for U.S. marketing in September 1999.

In its statement, the agency said that the two companies' products - the Ancure
Endograft System produced by Guidant Endovascular Solutions (Menlo Park,
California), and the AneuRx Stent Graft System produced by Medtronic AVE (Santa
Rosa, California) - "have very different designs, and there are different
reasons for the current concerns focused on each."

The FDA noted in a letter to physicians that Guidant had suspended production
and announced a recall of all existing inventory of the Ancure system in
mid-March (Medical Device Daily, March 20, 2001). At that time, Guidant said the
voluntary recall was launched after identifying what it called "certain
deficiencies in the . . . Ancure-related regulatory processes and communications
with the FDA." The company said those regulatory deficiencies were "primarily
related to the deployment system of the Ancure product."

While Guidant said at the time that there was no safety risk to patients
implanted with the system, the FDA said in its April 27 letter to physicians
that it had been told by the company that it "had failed to report many device
malfunctions and adverse events, including severe vessel damage associated with
problems with deployment of the device."

The agency said in its letter, signed by David Feigal Jr., MD, director of the
Center for Devices and Radiological Health, that it is reviewing Guidant's
corrective action plan. That plan addresses problems with the company's
complaint-handling system, manufacturing quality systems, documentation
procedures and training. "Once we receive evidence that the firm has
appropriately changed [its] systems and procedures, and the FDA has reviewed
[its] regulatory submissions, we will assess whether the product can be returned
to the market."

As for Medtronic, the agency said it is "concerned about reports of
approximately 25 aneurysm ruptures, as well as other serious adverse events, in
patients who have received AneuRx." According to the FDA, factors thought to be
associated with the adverse events "include sub-optimal placement of the graft,
endoleak, migration of the main body of the device . . . possibly associated
with continued aortic dilatation; problems with device integrity, due to metal
frame fractures, suture breaks or fabric tears; and aneurysm anatomy."

The FDA letter said the agency is "working with Medtronic AVE to obtain relevant
data that will help us understand how these problems affect the overall risk/
benefit assessment of this product."

The FDA recommended in its letter that physicians "carefully follow" the
manufacturers' "most recent warnings, precautions and instructions regarding
patient selection and device use." It also urged that physicians make sure that
all patients implanted with such grafts be "carefully followed," and that they
undergo "periodic follow-up imaging." On the latter point, the agency noted:
Problems that are identified through follow-up imaging may be amenable to
further endovascular repair (e.g., additional stent placement)," or, it added,
"might require conversion to open aneurysm resection."

In an Industry Update report issued Tuesday, Lehman Brothers medical technology
analyst David Gruber, MD, noted that the FDA public notification "is not
expected to have a significant impact on Guidant or Medtronic," since
endovascular stent grafts "account for a very small percentage of overall
sales." He added that the FDA continues to believe that endovascular repair
represents "a useful therapeutic option for carefully selected patients whose
only previous treatment alternative was open surgical repair of the aneurysm.
For patients who are at high risk for adverse outcomes with conventional open
surgery, endovascular repair provides an alternative to 'watchful waiting.'"

Gruber added that "Product redesign, based on actual patient experience, remains
an opportunity [for the companies involved in the sector]."

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                          Copyright 2001 AHC Media LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             194 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Medical Device Daily

                            April 14, 2005 Thursday

Product Briefs

LENGTH: 1023 words


Product Briefs

· Fresenius Medical Care (Bad Homburg, Germany), a provider of dialysis products
and services, reported that it has received FDA 510(k) clearance for an advanced
device to be used by patients who perform dialysis in the home setting. The
Liberty Cycler is designed for use in automated peritoneal dialysis therapy,
which Fresenius said is the fastest-growing home therapy for the treatment of
end-stage renal disease. The Liberty Cycler combines advanced pumping technology
with ease of use, according to the company.

· ImaRx Therapeutics (Tucson, Arizona) said the first patient has been treated
in a Phase I/II clinical trial evaluating the safety and efficacy of SonoLysis
for the treatment of peripheral arterial occlusive disease (PAOD). SonoLysis,
which combines external ultrasound and ImaRx's nanobubbles, is designed to clear
blood clots quickly and without the use of invasive surgery or potentially
dangerous lytic drugs. In this 12-patient, multi-center trial, six patients will
receive a 60-minute treatment of SonoLysis (nanobubbles and ultrasound), while
the remaining six will receive SonoLysis in conjunction with a small bolus of
tPA, a lytic agent that is typically administered to dissolve the blood clots
that cause PAOD.

· Mediscience Technology (Cherry Hill, New Jersey) said that it is in
development of an adjunctive instrument, called the Cancer Detection Map
(CD-Map), to facilitate the acquisition of fluorescence images from surgical
breast specimens following lumpectomies and surgical procedures. The instrument
will be used to define the margins of tumors at the point-of-care, allowing the
physician to achieve clear margins in real time during cancer surgery without
the use of invasive agents. The CD-Map is highly sensitive and can acquire
images in less than one second. Zoom capability allows the CD-Map to acquire
images over an area that can vary from sub-centimeters to several centimeters
with a resolution better than 100 mm. The CD-Map is a UV/visible fluorescence
imaging system designed to gain image emission from native fluorophors in
tissue. A tunable light source and movable filters permit the acquisition of
images at multiple combinations of emission and excitation wavelengths.
Intensity ratio maps are computer generated from the fluorescence images and
either the intensity images or pseudo-color ratio images are displayed.

· Novadaq Technologies (Toronto) said that data on a 106-patient randomized
clinical trial of its Spy Intra-operative Imaging System was presented at this
week's American Association for Thoracic Surgery meeting in San Francisco. The
study was designed to compare the diagnostic accuracy of two competing
technologies that verify the quality of bypass grafts constructed during
coronary artery bypass surgery. Intra-operative graft angiography with the Spy
System involves intravascular administration of fluorescent indocyanine green
dye and visualization of the graft with dispersed laser light. Transit Time
Ultrasound Flow Measurement (TTF), the most commonly used form of
intra-operative graft quality verification, uses an intra-operative ultrasound
probe to measure flow value and pattern. In the study, 139 bypass grafts were
examined with the Spy System and TTF. The primary endpoint was to compare the
ability of each system to correctly identify grafts with problems using standard
X-ray angiography as the "gold standard." The study showed the Spy System
demonstrated superior diagnostic accuracy and was able to correctly identify 58%
more bypass grafts with technical problems than TTF, the company reported.

·SmartPill (Buffalo, New York), developer of the SmartPill Capsule, a
non-invasive, ingestible device that captures biomedical data from within a
patient's GI tract, reported that 510(k) clinical trials of its SmartPill ACT-I
Capsule and GI Monitoring System are set to begin at Wake Forest University
Baptist Medical Center (Winston-Salem, North Carolina) next week, bringing to
three the number of sites participating in the SmartPill clinical trial. A total
of 25 subjects, 15 of whom are healthy and 10 who have been documented with
gastroparesis (the inability of the stomach to empty) are expected to
participate in the study. The primary objective of the study is to demonstrate
the correlation between the gastric residence times measured by the SmartPill
ACT-I Capsule and by the ingestion of a radio-labeled meal and scintigraphic
images.

· Thomas Scientific (Swedesboro, New Jersey), a distributor of scientific
equipment, instrumentation, chemicals and supply items, reported the release of
its new Mini Centrifuge. Requiring less than six inches of bench space, the
Thomas Mini Centrifuge is a personal-size unit for microfiltration and quick
spin downs from the walls and caps of microcentrifuge tubes. Mini Centrifuge is
supplied with easy-to-interchange standard microtube and strip rotors and
adapters to accommodate 0.4 mL, 0.5 mL and 1.5 mL tubes as well as 0.2 mL strips
and individual tubes. An easy-to-open translucent lid features a durable
stainless steel hinge pin. The on/off switch is located on the side of the Mini
Centrifuge, with the switch in the "on" position; the centrifuge can be started
and stopped by closing and opening the lid.

· Whatman (Florham Park, New Jersey), a leader in separations technology,
reported the launch of the EasyClone 384 plate, a single, versatile device to
replace the existing workflows currently used by genomics institutes and
laboratories. The EasyClone 384 plate can be used for the archiving, shipping
and purifying of clones - all at room temperature. Customers can now use
integrated biosample management systems from GenVault (San Diego) to manage the
EasyClone 384 plates. GenVault's systems provide compact stacking and storage of
thousands of plates as well as easy access to individual samples through robotic
automation and complimentary software. The company said EasyClone 384 provides a
simple way of storing clone samples and eliminates the need for current storage
back-up methods and facilities that ultimately rely on power supplies.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                          Copyright 2005 AHC Media LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             195 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Medical Device Daily

                            November 22, 2004 Monday

Product Briefs

LENGTH: 972 words


Product Briefs

· Acceleration Therapeutics (North Bay Village, Florida), a division of
Non-Invasive Monitoring Systems, reported that its AT-101 was used to prove that
the cardioprotective effect associated with the device is due in part to the
release of beneficial prostaglandins from the inner lining of the blood vessels.
The study, using a model of experimental cardiopulmonary resuscitation (CPR),
was led by Dr. Tony Adams of Mt. Sinai Medical Center and Miami Heart Research
Institute Miami Beach and was presented earlier this month at the annual meeting
of the American Heart Association in New Orleans. Adams said: "We knew that both
nitric oxide and prostaglandins were released with the AT-101 in normal animals
and this study now shows the importance of prostaglandins in the beneficial
cardiac effects of AT-101 CPR. This suggests that the AT-101 might have a
complementary or stand-alone role in human CPR in the future." The AT-101 moves
the body repetitively in a back-and-forth motion, and is used as an aid to
improve the circulation and joint mobility.

· Cardima (Fremont, California) reported a 70% rate of success in treating 22
atrial fibrillation patients with its Surgical Ablation System (SAS), based on
data compiled by doctors at Lenox Hill Hospital (New York). Six-month follow-up
data found that 70% of the patients treated with SAS remained in normal sinus
rhythm. Cardima's SAS ablates cardiac tissue during heart surgery using radio
frequency energy. The company said it believes that the system can significantly
reduce the time required to form lesions and can sense tissue temperature
interactively to ensure lesions are uniform, thin and linear.

· Conceptus (San Carlos, California) said that data presented at the American
Association of Gynecologic Laparoscopists meeting earlier this month in San
Francisco showed a significant cost savings when performing Essure vs.
incisional tubal ligation. Fifteen abstracts featuring the non-incisional
alternative to tubal ligation for women seeking permanent birth control were
presented at the meeting. Among these, Mayo Clinic (Rochester, Minnesota)
researchers found cost-savings in the operating room when comparing the Essure
procedure to tubal ligation. The cost savings are largely attributable to lower
hospitalization costs for the Essure procedure, which does not require cutting
or penetration of the abdomen and can be performed without general anesthesia.

· Cook (Bloomington, Indiana) announced at the 2004 VEITHSymposium in New York
on Friday the availability of its Abdominal Aortic Aneurysm (AAA) Physician
Practice Builder Kit. The kit is designed to help healthcare professionals
communicate with their patients about the treatment of AAAs and to enhance the
understanding of AAA among physicians' referral networks.

· LeMaitre Vascular (Burlington, Massachusetts) premiered its AnastoClip Vessel
Closure System at last week's VEITHSymposium in New York. Acquired from U.S.
Surgical (Norwalk, Connecticut), a unit of Tyco Healthcare, the device is
cleared for sale in the U.S., European Union and Japan. The AnastoClip VCS
Vessel Closure System provides rapid and precise vascular anastomosis, replacing
traditional sutures. Titanium AnastoClips, placed in an interrupted fashion,
facilitate a compliant anastomosis without penetrating the vessel lumen, the
company said. That allows the anastomosis to contract and expand to accommodate
pulsatile flow. The system is used in a variety of vascular procedures, most
commonly in vascular access for hemodialysis patients.

· Medtronic (Minneapolis) reported FDA approval of the Xcelerant Delivery System
for use with the AneuRx AAA Stent Graft System. The AneuRx AAA Stent Graft
System, approved for U.S. use in 1999, is used in the treatment of abdominal
aortic aneurysms (AAAs). The Xcelerant Delivery System provides physicians with
a smooth, controlled and more trackable delivery platform to implant the AneuRx
AAA stent graft. The delivery system's intuitive, integrated handle contributes
to precise placement of the stent graft. The Xcelerant Delivery System also
employs kink-resistant catheter material, which serves to facilitate
trackability of the stent graft through tortuous aortas and access arteries. The
system also includes a distal radiopaque marker that improves the visibility of
the device when viewed through angiography for more accurate deployment of the
stent graft. Medtronic said it anticipates full market release of the Xcelerant
Delivery System with the AneuRx AAA Stent Graft System in 1Q05.

· St. Jude Medical (St. Paul, Minnesota) said last week that it had received FDA
approval to add V-V (ventricle to ventricle) timing to new models of the St.
Jude Medical Epic HF and Atlas+ HF family of cardiac resynchronization therapy
devices (CRT-Ds). The company said it believes it is the first CRT-D supplier in
the U.S. market to offer this expanded programmability. St. Jude said it is
completing inventory build-up of the new models and expects shipments to begin
Dec. 1. Michael Coyle, president of St. Jude's Cardiac Rhythm Management
business, said, "V-V timing provides our physician customers significant
flexibility to optimize therapy based on individual patient needs, which may
benefit thousands of heart failure patients who also require an ICD." V-V timing
refers to the delay between contraction of the left and right ventricles,
compared with simultaneous pulses to both left and right ventricles. The V-V
timing feature in the Epic HF and Atlas+ HF CRT-Ds allows physicians to adjust
the delay between ventricular outputs, as well as choose which chamber is paced
first. The company said patients who do not respond to simultaneous
biventricular pacing systems may benefit from the sequential timing offered by
V-V programmability.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                          Copyright 2004 AHC Media LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             196 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                            November 7, 2016 Monday

Head Line: WIPO PUBLISHES PATENT OF THE NEW YORK STEM CELL FOUNDATION TITLED AS
"IN-VITRO METHODS FOR ASSESSING TISSUE COMPATIBILITY OF A MATERIAL"

LENGTH: 178 words

DATELINE: New York


GENEVA: Publication No. WO/2016/161311 was published on November 3, 2016 by
WIPO.

Title of the invention: IN-VITRO METHODS FOR ASSESSING TISSUE COMPATIBILITY OF A
MATERIAL

Applicants: THE NEW YORK STEM CELL FOUNDATION [US/US]; 1995 Broadway, Suite 600
New York, NY 10023 (US)


Inventors: DE PEPPO, Giuseppe, Maria; (US)

According to the abstract published by the World Intellectual Property
Organization on its website: "In some embodiments the present invention provides
in vitro methods for assessing a material or device for tissue compatibility,
comprising culturing an engineered tissue graft with a test material or device;
and determining whether the test material is compatible with the tissue graft.
In some embodiments, the present invention provides tissue grafts, such as
vascularized bone grafts, and methods for preparing and using such tissue grafts
to screen materials and devices for tissue compatibility. In some embodiments
the tissue grafts are made using pluripotent stem cells."

The patent was filed on 01.04.2016 under Application No. PCT/US2016/025601


LOAD-DATE: November 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             197 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            December 6, 2005 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

For Kidney Patients, Another Failure;
Washington Area Is Worst in Nation at Providing Best Dialysis Practice

BYLINE: Gilbert M. Gaul, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: Health; F01

LENGTH: 2148 words


When Baltimore surgeon Michael P. Lilly prepares a patient for the
blood-cleansing process of kidney dialysis, he has several choices. The simplest
involves connecting an artery to a vein near the patient's wrist. Once that
link, or fistula, is fully established, needles can be inserted into the
connection to carry blood to and from the life-saving dialysis machine.

Fistulas have been used since the earliest days of dialysis in the 1960s, but
fell out of favor with the introduction of synthetic grafts and catheters a
decade later.

Today, fewer than four in 10 dialysis patients nationwide have a fistula,
despite overwhelming evidence that they are safer, cheaper and more effective
than grafts and catheters. Patients with fistulas are far less likely to develop
life-threatening infections, statistics show. Fistulas also last longer and
require fewer trips to the hospital for repairs. The cost of caring for a
patient with a fistula is thousands of dollars less annually.

Still, fistula rates remain stubbornly low in the United States, and vary
dramatically by geography. Dialysis patients in the Pacific Northwest and New
England are nearly twice as likely to get one as are patients in the Washington
area, which has the lowest fistula rate in the nation.

Even within this region, rates fluctuate sharply. Patients in the District, West
Virginia and much of Maryland have just a 1-in-4 chance of getting a fistula,
data show. Patients in Northern Virginia: a 1-in-2 chance.

"We're embarrassed being the lowest in the nation," said Nancy Armistead, the
head of the Mid-Atlantic Renal Coalition, a federally funded nonprofit working
to improve the rate for the 20,000 dialysis patients in the region. "I don't
know how else to put it."

As public and private officials struggle to rein in medical costs, the example
of the low-tech, inexpensive fistula appears to offer a cautionary tale about
the real-world practice of medicine.

Tens of thousands of patients likely to benefit from a fistula don't get one.
The reasons are complex and reflect a frustrating collision of social, economic
and medical factors, doctors and researchers say.

First, a minority of patients cannot have a fistula because their veins are not
strong enough to withstand the procedure, or because of other medical
complications.

In some cases, poor patients without insurance aren't seen by kidney
specialists. Other times, doctors fail to refer patients in time to get a
fistula, which takes several months to mature; instead, the patient gets a
catheter or graft. Some surgeons find it easier to retrieve a catheter or graft
off the shelf than spend time constructing a fistula. A surprising number of
patients prefer catheters, even though statistics show that they are eight times
as likely to develop potentially deadly infections.

"Ideally, every patient who can have a fistula should get one," said Lilly,
chairman of the department of surgery at Maryland General Hospital in Baltimore.
"Unfortunately, it doesn't always work out that way."

Medicare, which picks up most of the $15 billion annual tab for dialysis
treatment, pays surgeons more for grafts and catheters than fistulas  --  in
effect, rewarding inferior care. That's because its reimbursement system is
based on the time and resources needed to do a procedure, not on the outcome.

"What's missing is the clinical value to the patient," said Robert Zwolak, a
vascular surgeon at the Dartmouth-Hitchcock Medical Center in New Hampshire and
an expert on the payment rules for dialysis access. "That's not in there."

On average, a surgeon receives $714 for a graft but only $560 for a simple
fistula, data show. Catheters and grafts are also prone to clogging, generating
more fees for surgeons doing repairs.

"You not only get paid more for the actual procedure, a graft is also a kind of
annuity [for surgeons] because you know you have to clean it out regularly,"
said Brady Augustine, a senior quality adviser at the Centers for Medicare and
Medicaid Services (CMS) and a former executive at a for-profit dialysis chain.

According to one estimate, Medicare spends about $1 billion a year for repairs
to grafts and catheters. With the number of patients receiving dialysis
projected to increase sharply  --  from 350,000 today  --  because of the surge
in diabetes and obesity, that bill is only likely to climb, researchers say.

The impact can be seen in what the government health insurance program pays for
patients with the different types of dialysis portals. In 2003, it cost Medicare
an average of $52,751 to care for a patient with a fistula, compared with
$61,929 for those using a graft and $69,893 for those on a catheter, federal
data show.

Patients with grafts and catheters also have a 20 to 70 percent greater chance
of dying in the first year of treatment, according to CMS. That's one factor in
what the agency says is 5,000 unnecessary deaths each year among dialysis
patients suffering chronic kidney disease.

"There is an urgent need for dialysis patients to have safer, higher-quality
access with a fistula," said Barry Straube, a CMS physician helping to oversee
the quality of care that Medicare patients receive. "Part of that demands that
we look at the way we are paying for fistulas."

Medicare officials have begun a campaign to increase fistula use, called Fistula
First, with a goal of reaching 66 percent of all dialysis patients by the end of
this decade. That would put the United States roughly on par with Europe and
Japan.

The campaign calls for widespread educational efforts and could lead to changes
in the way the government pays for dialysis care, rewarding specialists and
surgeons for raising fistula rates among their patients. At the same time, the
effort has a decided "Back to the Future" feel to it, as policymakers and
physicians rediscover the value of an older but proven procedure.

Dialysis developed as a way to rinse toxins from the blood of people with kidney
failure. At first, it was largely reserved for a few thousand wealthy patients,
according to Lawrence Spergel, a vascular surgeon in San Francisco and a leading
advocate for fistulas. "It was a very small number, and they were carefully
selected," he said.

That changed in the mid-'70s, when Congress created a separate insurance benefit
under Medicare for those with chronic kidney disease. The benefit served as a
boon for new treatments, including synthetic grafts and catheters.

Because not all patients are ideal candidates for fistulas, grafts offered
another way to connect blood vessels. Needles could then be inserted into the
graft, toxins removed and the clean blood recycled back into the patients, who
were normally dialyzed three times a week at a hospital or clinic.

While grafts took surgeons slightly longer to implant, patients could start
dialysis in about 10 days. By comparison, fistulas take eight to 10 weeks to
mature.

"They [grafts] came in different sizes, were flexible and very easy to use,"
recalled Spergel. "In essence, all you had to do was grab a piece of plastic off
the shelf. Our belief was that this was the best thing since apple pie and ice
cream."

Grafts surged in popularity, gradually replacing fistulas as the primary means
of access for dialysis patients in the United States. "I called it the graft
culture. We all relied on the easy way out," said Spergel.

About the same time, doctors realized they could use plastic catheters as an
access, inserting the small devices into the jugular vein in the patient's chest
and using it as a pump to draw blood out, clean it and recycle it.

The new technologies helped open the dialysis market to thousands of older and
sicker patients. Today, about 40 percent of dialysis patients in the United
States have a graft, 39 percent have a fistula and the other 21 percent have a
catheter.

What surgeons didn't understand at first, Spergel and others said, was that the
new technologies were less effective and less safe than fistulas. Grafts and
catheters, while easy to use, have a tendency to clot, requiring frequent trips
to the hospital for repairs. "It's like a rusty pipe," said Spergel. By
comparison, a mature fistula lasts years.

Patients also are prone to infections caused by bacteria that enter the body at
the point of a catheter or graft. According to a 2003 estimate for Medicare, a
patient with a graft was nearly three times as likely as a fistula patient to
develop an infection, and twice as likely to develop other complications.

The problem is even more acute with catheters, data show. Those dialysis
patients are eight times as likely to develop an infection and nearly six times
as likely to experience other complications.

It is unclear precisely how many dialysis patients die because of these
infections. Medicare officials, relying on unadjusted mortality data, put the
figure at about 5,000. Many dialysis centers report that infections are the
second leading cause of death after heart disease.

In theory, catheters are a bridge for patients who aren't referred in time for a
fistula to mature or are in such dire shape that they need to begin dialysis
immediately. The idea is that patients will only use them for a few months,
while a fistula matures.

But in practice many physicians and patients have grown dependent on catheters
because of their ease of use, and are unaware of or willing to overlook the
risks.

"When grafts and catheters came out, we weren't aware of the risks," Spergel
said. "We only saw the good part. The problem was, it became so easy to use.
Patients started to fall through the cracks. Now catheters are being used and
abused to the point where the rate has actually increased in recent years."

The chance of getting a fistula varies dramatically from region to region  --
and in some cases by Zip code. On average, dialysis patients in the District,
Maryland, Virginia and West Virginia have about a 1-in-3 chance of getting a
fistula  --  the lowest rate in the nation.

Armistead cites a number of factors as contributing to the low rate, including
large numbers of uninsured patients. Often, those patients aren't under the care
of nephrologists, she said, and aren't referred to surgeons in time for a
fistula before starting dialysis.

Another factor may be the medical culture. Surgeons have gotten comfortable
using grafts and catheters and don't want to change, she said. Doctors in areas
with high fistula rates may be less entrenched in their resistance to using
fistulas, Armistead said. In some cases, communications are poor. Armistead
cited one area of West Virginia where two medical practices "haven't talked with
each other in 10 years," likening it to the Hatfields and McCoys.

Andy Howard, a nephrologist who follows about 250 dialysis patients in Virginia
and Maryland, said it's important for specialists to make sure that patients are
referred to surgeons well in advance of starting dialysis so they have time to
develop a mature fistula. "The timeliness of the referral is critical," he said.

Doctors and researchers in areas with high rates of fistulas cite close working
relationships among primary care physicians, nephrologists, surgeons and
dialysis centers. In Olympia, Wash., nephrologist Vo Nguyen has become an
apostle for fistulas, traveling throughout the area to spread the word.

In 1996, Nguyen said he had an awakening after one of his favorite patients died
from an infection caused by her graft. "It was just a shattering experience," he
said. "I knew there had to be a better way."

At the time, most surgeons in the area were using grafts. So Nguyen traveled to
Europe at his own expense to learn about fistulas. He returned a convert. "Here
we have all of these excuses. We say we can't do fistulas because the patients
are too obese or too fragile or too poor. It's not true, and we have proven it."

By the year 2000, Nguyen said, nearly all of his approximately 200 patients had
been converted to fistulas, including many who had used catheters or grafts for
years. "It's so simple. It's common sense," he said. Medicare pays for the
conversions.

Armistead said her coalition has tried to reach out but thus far without the
same success. "We are working hard to get the word out about fistulas," she
said. "We have educational seminars. We take surgeons to dinner. We meet with
nephrologists."

The rate in the region is improving. The number of patients with fistulas has
climbed by 20 percent since 2003. Still, as of August, the region's rate was
just 33.9 percent, compared with nearly 60 percent in the Pacific Northwest.

"It's very frustrating. I can't explain it," said Armistead. "It's not like
we're that different than other regions. There's no excuse. We have to do
better."*

Comments: health@washpost.com.

LOAD-DATE: December 6, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2005 The Washington Post


                             198 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               India Pharma News

                     October 19, 2016 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

Paradigm BioDevices Completes 25,000th Procedure with QuickDraw MIS Bone
Harvester, Reports Positive Independent Clinical Findings

LENGTH: 242  words


Oct. 19 -- Paradigm BioDevices, Inc. announced today that it completed its
25,000th case with its proprietary MIS bone grafting system. The QuickDraw MIS
Bone Harvester is a percutaneous and/or MIS access system for obtaining
autogenous iliac crest bone graft for fusion procedures.

"Cancellous autograft remains the gold standard because it contains
osteoconductive architecture, osteogenic stem cells and osteoinductive signaling
factors." said Michael O'Neill, President & CEO of Paradigm. "Not all autografts
or bone graft materials meet this high standard. Iliac crest graft is widely
accepted as the best bone graft available for fusion and we are able to obtain
it through a minimal incision which is driving our success."

An independent study with the QuickDraw MIS Bone Harvester found that 67% of
patients could not tell they had a bone graft harvest, of the remaining only 14%
of those were confident. The clinicians concluded, "(we) describe a
minimally-invasive procedure to harvest iliac crest bone graft. Pain at the site
was either non-existent or mild enough that patients were unable to accurately
define their graft site."

Paradigm BioDevices will be launching a new single use sterile kit version of
the system at the North American Spine Society next week in Boston. The company
expects CE clearance later this year and will expand its marketing and
distribution efforts for sale of products outside the US.

Source: Paradigm BioDevices

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2016 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             199 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 26, 2015 Monday

USPTO Published Patent application of Medtronic Vascular, Inc. titled as "Ring
on a Closed Web Stent-Graft for Use in Tip Capture"

LENGTH: 251  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an application no.
20150025617, published on January 22, 2015, by Medtronic Vascular, Inc., titled
as "Ring on a Closed Web Stent-Graft for Use in Tip Capture" for the
registration of patent.

Inventors:  Kinkade; Jeremy; (Santa Rosa, CA) ; Stiger; Mark; (Windsor, CA) ;
Woll; Brandon; (Santa Rosa, CA) ; Schmitt; Joshua; (Santa Rosa, CA)
Assignee:       Medtronic Vascular, Inc.
Santa Rosa
CA
US

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
stent-graft has a closed web end configuration in which endmost stent crowns do
not extend beyond an end or edge of a tubular graft. In order to couple the
stent-graft to tip capture fingers or prongs of a delivery system, the stent-
graft includes a ring woven between the endmost crowns of an end stent. When end
stent is in a compressed delivery configuration, sections of the ring between
adjacent endmost crowns form attachment loops that longitudinally extend beyond
the end of the tubular graft for engaging the tip capture fingers of a delivery
system. When the end stent is in an expanded fully deployed configuration, the
attachment loops retract back to the stent so that the ring is a circular band
having a diameter substantially equal to the expanded diameter of the stent."

The Patent was filed on October 8, 2014 under application No. 20150025617

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             200 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 26, 2015 Monday

USPTO Published Patent application of Medtronic Vascular, Inc. titled as "Ring
on a Closed Web Stent-Graft for Use in Tip Capture"

LENGTH: 251  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an application no.
20150025617, published on January 22, 2015, by Medtronic Vascular, Inc., titled
as "Ring on a Closed Web Stent-Graft for Use in Tip Capture" for the
registration of patent.

Inventors:  Kinkade; Jeremy; (Santa Rosa, CA) ; Stiger; Mark; (Windsor, CA) ;
Woll; Brandon; (Santa Rosa, CA) ; Schmitt; Joshua; (Santa Rosa, CA)
Assignee:       Medtronic Vascular, Inc.
Santa Rosa
CA
US

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
stent-graft has a closed web end configuration in which endmost stent crowns do
not extend beyond an end or edge of a tubular graft. In order to couple the
stent-graft to tip capture fingers or prongs of a delivery system, the stent-
graft includes a ring woven between the endmost crowns of an end stent. When end
stent is in a compressed delivery configuration, sections of the ring between
adjacent endmost crowns form attachment loops that longitudinally extend beyond
the end of the tubular graft for engaging the tip capture fingers of a delivery
system. When the end stent is in an expanded fully deployed configuration, the
attachment loops retract back to the stent so that the ring is a circular band
having a diameter substantially equal to the expanded diameter of the stent."

The Patent was filed on October 8, 2014 under application No. 20150025617

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             201 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 13, 2014 Thursday

US Patent granted to Medtronic Vascular, Inc (California) on November 11, titled
as "Ring on a closed web stent-graft for use in tip capture"

LENGTH: 240  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 8,882,828, on
November 11, 2014, to Medtronic Vascular, Inc (California), titled as "Ring on a
closed web stent-graft for use in tip capture"

Inventors:  Kinkade; Jeremy (Santa Rosa, CA), Stiger; Mark (Windsor, CA), Woll;
Brandon (Santa Rosa, CA), Schmitt; Joshua (Santa Rosa, CA)
Assignee:  Medtronic Vascular, Inc. (Santa Rosa, CA)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
stent-graft has a closed web end configuration in which endmost stent crowns do
not extend beyond an end or edge of a tubular graft. In order to couple the
stent-graft to tip capture fingers or prongs of a delivery system, the stent-
graft includes a ring woven between the endmost crowns of an end stent. When end
stent is in a compressed delivery configuration, sections of the ring between
adjacent endmost crowns form attachment loops that longitudinally extend beyond
the end of the tubular graft for engaging the tip capture fingers of a delivery
system. When the end stent is in an expanded fully deployed configuration, the
attachment loops retract back to the stent so that the ring is a circular band
having a diameter substantially equal to the expanded diameter of the stent."

The patent was filed on April 27, 2012 Application no. 13/457,888

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             202 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Medical Device Daily

                             April 19, 2011 Tuesday

Product Briefs

LENGTH: 357 words


o Micromedics (St. Paul, Minnesota) has introduced a 15cc Graft delivery device,
the first product in their new OsteoXpress line of bone grafting devices. These
devices facilitate the mixing of bone graft material used in orthopedic surgical
procedures. Bone grafting materials are used to fill defects caused by trauma or
surgical removal. The OsteoXpress Graft delivery device enables the surgical
team to thoroughly and efficiently hydrate these materials for use in the
operating room. Target markets for the OsteoXpress Graft Delivery Device include
spine, orthopedic, oral and maxillofacial surgeons, and orthobiologics companies
selling in those specialty areas.

o Quest Diagnostics (Madison, New Jersey) reported the availability of its
AccuType IL28B test for aiding in the prediction of patient response to
peginterferon alpha-based therapy for hepatitis C virus (HCV) infection. Quest
Diagnostics is now offering the test to physicians and other healthcare
providers in the U.S. and to pharmaceutical companies for use in clinical trials
research. A certain polymorphism of the IL28B gene found in individuals infected
with the most common type of HCV, HCV genotype 1, aids in identifying those
patients who are twice as likely to eliminate the HCV virus on a sustained basis
when treated with pegylated interferon-ribavirin combination therapies. Other
factors, including age and gender, may affect treatment response.

o Restoration Robotics (Mountain View, California) has received FDA approval for
the Artas System for harvesting hair follicles from the scalp in men diagnosed
with androgenetic alopecia (male pattern hair loss) with black or brown straight
hair. The Artas System was developed in close collaboration with several leading
hair restoration physicians to enhance the quality of follicular unit harvesting
for the benefit of physicians and their patients. Artas is a computer-assisted
system that enables harvesting of hair follicles during hair restoration
procedures. It combines several features including an image-guided robotic arm,
special imaging technologies, small dermal punches, and a computer interface.

LOAD-DATE: May 3, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                          Copyright 2011 AHC Media LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             203 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Medical Device Daily

                             April 19, 2011 Tuesday

Product Briefs

LENGTH: 357 words


o Micromedics (St. Paul, Minnesota) has introduced a 15cc Graft delivery device,
the first product in their new OsteoXpress line of bone grafting devices. These
devices facilitate the mixing of bone graft material used in orthopedic surgical
procedures. Bone grafting materials are used to fill defects caused by trauma or
surgical removal. The OsteoXpress Graft delivery device enables the surgical
team to thoroughly and efficiently hydrate these materials for use in the
operating room. Target markets for the OsteoXpress Graft Delivery Device include
spine, orthopedic, oral and maxillofacial surgeons, and orthobiologics companies
selling in those specialty areas.

o Quest Diagnostics (Madison, New Jersey) reported the availability of its
AccuType IL28B test for aiding in the prediction of patient response to
peginterferon alpha-based therapy for hepatitis C virus (HCV) infection. Quest
Diagnostics is now offering the test to physicians and other healthcare
providers in the U.S. and to pharmaceutical companies for use in clinical trials
research. A certain polymorphism of the IL28B gene found in individuals infected
with the most common type of HCV, HCV genotype 1, aids in identifying those
patients who are twice as likely to eliminate the HCV virus on a sustained basis
when treated with pegylated interferon-ribavirin combination therapies. Other
factors, including age and gender, may affect treatment response.

o Restoration Robotics (Mountain View, California) has received FDA approval for
the Artas System for harvesting hair follicles from the scalp in men diagnosed
with androgenetic alopecia (male pattern hair loss) with black or brown straight
hair. The Artas System was developed in close collaboration with several leading
hair restoration physicians to enhance the quality of follicular unit harvesting
for the benefit of physicians and their patients. Artas is a computer-assisted
system that enables harvesting of hair follicles during hair restoration
procedures. It combines several features including an image-guided robotic arm,
special imaging technologies, small dermal punches, and a computer interface.

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                          Copyright 2011 AHC Media LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             204 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Medical Device Daily

                               May 7, 2004 Friday

Product Briefs

LENGTH: 405 words


Product Briefs

· BD (Becton, Dickinson and Co.; Franklin Lakes, New Jersey) said it is now
offering the BD Sharps Disposal By Mail system, a method for home sharps
disposal that helps protect against possible injury or infection. The BD Sharps
Disposal By Mail system - available at pharmacies - includes a BD Home Sharps
Container, postage-paid return box made of heavy-corrugated cardboard and
additional packaging materials to safely send the filled sharps container
through the mail. The container will then be destroyed at a certified
incineration facility. The system meets the new EPA recommendations for home
sharps disposal, as well as federal safety and postal guidelines.

· Medtronic Sofamor Danek (Memphis, Tennessee) reported FDA approval of the use
of Infuse Bone Graft in the treatment of acute, open fractures of the tibial
shaft, a long bone in the lower leg. The approval broadens the indications for
Infuse Bone Graft, a product that has been used since 2002 in spinal surgery
with metallic cages. Infuse Bone Graft contains rhBMP-2/ACS (recombinant human
Bone Morphogenetic Protein-2/Absorbable Collagen Sponge), a protein device that
enhances bone healing discovered and developed by Wyeth (Madison, New Jersey) at
its Andover, Massachusetts, facility. To use Infuse Bone Graft, surgeons
reconstitute rhBMP-2 powder with sterile water and apply it to a collagen sponge
that is placed over the fracture site after appropriate wound management and
fracture stabilization with an intramedullary nail. The premarket approval
application was originally submitted to the FDA by Wyeth and transferred to
Medtronic immediately following FDA approval for this new indication.

· Micro Bio-Medical Waste Systems (Las Vegas, Nevada) reported that it has
enhanced its existing medical waste processing technology with the
second-generation system MBWS-TD04, which incorporates cost-effective microwave
waste reduction technology with a fully closed and filtered waste ionization
unit. The addition of this technology enables the company to break down medical
waste streams while eliminating the need for land-filling residual waste and
while creating salable recyclable by-products. The MBWS-TD04 is a medical waste
stream remediation process resulting in total destruction of toxic medical
wastes and has no adverse impact on the environment, including no emissions and
no landfill requirements, according to the company.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                          Copyright 2004 AHC Media LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             205 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 13, 2014 Thursday

US Patent granted to Bard Peripheral Vascular, Inc (AZ) on February 11 titled as
"Methods for making a supported graft"

LENGTH: 231  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 8,647,458, on
February 11, 2014, to Bard Peripheral Vascular, Inc (AZ), titled as "Methods for
making a supported graft"

Inventors:  Banas; Christopher E. (Breckenridge, CO), Edwin; Tarun J. (Selangor,
MY), McCrea; Brendan (Ballwin, MO), Kowligi; Rajagopal R. (Phoenix, AZ)
Assignee:  Bard Peripheral Vascular, Inc. (Tempe, AZ)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
method for preparing a stent-graft for intraluminal delivery, including
positioning an expanded polytetrafluoroethylene (ePTFE) substrate over a support
mandrel, coupling a shape memory member to a polymer cladding to form a polymer
clad member, winding the polymer clad member in an overlapping helical manner
onto a surface of the ePTFE substrate, joining and sealing adjacent overlapping
regions of the polymer clad member together and to the surface of the ePTFE
substrate to form a stent-graft, manipulating the stent-graft from a larger
first diameter to a smaller second diameter, and loading the stent-graft into a
restraining sheath at the smaller second diameter."

The patent was filed on December 14, 2012 Application no. 13/715,874

For more information please visit: http://www.uspto.gov/. In case of any query
regarding this article or other content needs please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             206 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 8, 2014 Thursday

US Patent granted to Advanced Bio Prosthetic Surfaces, Ltd., a wholly owned
subsidiary of Palmaz Scientific, Inc (Texas) on May 06 TITLED AS "Endoluminal
implantable stent-grafts"

LENGTH: 268  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 8,715,335, on
May 06, 2014, to Advanced Bio Prosthetic Surfaces, Ltd., a wholly owned
subsidiary of Palmaz Scientific, Inc (Texas), TITLED AS "Endoluminal implantable
stent-grafts"

Inventors:  Palmaz; Julio C. (Napa, CA), Boyle; Christopher T. (Flushing, NY),
Banas; Christopher E. (Breckenridge, CO), Wiseman; Roger W. (Bulverde, TX),
Marton; Denes (San Antonio, TX)
Assignee:  Advanced Bio Prosthetic Surfaces, Ltd., a wholly owned subsidiary of
Palmaz Scientific, Inc. (Dallas, TX)


According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "An
implantable endoluminal device that is fabricated from materials that present a
blood or body fluid and tissue contact surface that has controlled
heterogeneities in material constitution. An endoluminal stent-graft and
web-stent that is made of an monolithic material deposited into a monolayer and
etched into regions of structural members and web regions subtending
interstitial regions between the structural members. An endoluminal graft is
also provided which is made of a biocompatible metal or metal-like material. The
endoluminal stent-graft is characterized by having controlled heterogeneities in
the stent material along the blood flow surface of the stent and the method of
fabricating the stent using vacuum deposition methods."

The patent was filed on January 5, 2010 Application no. 12/652,582

For more information please visit: http://www.uspto.gov/. In case of any query
regarding this article or other content needs please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             207 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Medical Device Daily

                            December 23, 2005 Friday

Product Briefs

LENGTH: 640 words

Product Briefs

o Angiotech Pharmaceuticals (Vancouver, British Columbia) said that its Vascular
Wrap Paclitaxel-Eluting Mesh/Lifespan Vascular Graft has received a designation
of "device" from the FDA's Office of Combination Products. The company said the
device designation has historically indicated a faster regulatory and commercial
timeline for a product as compared to when the FDA considers a combination
product to be a drug. Angiotech said it plans to initiate the PREVAIL
(Paclitaxel Releasing Extra-Vascular Anastomosis Implant & Lifespan Graft)
clinical trial in the first half of 2006. PREVAIL will be designed to assess the
efficacy and safety of Angiotech's Vascular Wrap paclitaxel-eluting
mesh/Lifespan vascular graft combination product in patients with end-stage
renal disease who are undergoing hemodialysis. As a combination product, the
graft serves as an access port for hemodialysis and the intent of the
drug-eluting mesh is to prevent the scar formation that often leads to graft
failure.

o Clearant (Los Angeles), the developer of the Clearant Process for pathogen
inactivation, said a presentation at the meeting of the European Association of
Tissue Banks held earlier this month in Florence, Italy, reviewed the six-month
results of a multi-center study on post-operative results of patients who
received human soft allograft tissue that had been treated with the Clearant
Process. Preliminary results of 55 patients receiving allografts treated with
the Clearant Process in anterior cruciate ligament surgeries showed a 94.5%
success rate with a return of normal function, range of motion and minimal
effusion. The company said the Clearant Process is the only current commercially
available pathogen inactivation technology applied to allograft tissue in its
final packaging, which renders the allograft as sterile as a medical device
while maintaining tissue integrity.

o CoreValve (Irvine, California/Paris) reported that follow-up testing conducted
several days after the first percutaneous ReValving procedure performed in North
America to replace a patient's defective aortic heart valve showed perfect
functioning and anchoring of the new biological heart valve. Because of a
ReValving procedure performed at Montreal Heart Institute, the 64-year-old
high-surgical-risk female patient was able to avoid open-heart surgery.
CoreValve has developed a system for replacing an aortic heart valve via a
percutaneous approach on a beating heart. Excluding prep time, the
second-generation CoreValve Percutaneous ReValving System holds, delivers and
places a porcine pericardial-tissue bioprosthesis, via a small, 21 Fr-sized
catheter, during a 15-minute procedure performed by an interventional
cardiologist in a cath lab setting.

o CoTherix (South San Francisco, California) and Respironics (Murrysville,
Pennsylvania) reported the launch of a new portable, battery-operated inhalation
device for the delivery of Ventavis (iloprost) Inhalation Solution. Ventavis is
indicated for the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension, World Health
Organization Group I, in patients with New York Heart Association Class III or
IV symptoms. The new I-neb Adaptive Aerosol Delivery (AAD) device weighs less
than eight ounces and employs Respironics' AAD System, which continually adapts
to an individual patient's breathing pattern and delivers medication only on
inspiration. The result is precise, reproducible dosing of medication to each
patient, regardless of his/her breathing pattern. The I-neb AAD System is
Respironics' third-generation AAD system. CoTherix has an exclusive U.S. license
to distribute the I-neb with Ventavis and any other formulation of iloprost, and
CoTherix has exercised an option to expand its exclusivity to include all
prostacyclins for the treatment of pulmonary hypertension.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                          Copyright 2005 AHC Media LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             208 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                           December 8, 2016 Thursday

W. L. Gore & Associates, Inc. (Delaware) applies for US Patent titled as "Stent
Graft Device With Anchoring Members Having Adjustable Geometries"

LENGTH: 236 words

DATELINE: New York


ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an
application no. 20160346075 for US Patent, published on December 1, 2016, by W.
L. Gore & Associates, Inc. (Delaware), titled as "Stent Graft Device With
Anchoring Members Having Adjustable Geometries"  for the registration of patent.



Inventors: Michalak; Christopher S.; (Elkton, MD)

Applicant: W. L. Gore & Associates, Inc.   Wilmington   DE   US (Delaware)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
stent graft device that includes a frame, a cover material covering the frame,
and an anchoring member having an adjustable geometry is provided. The anchoring
member may be incorporated as part of the frame or coupled thereto. The
anchoring member may be formed of a material having a tensile strength such that
it can be bent, straightened, or otherwise changed in shape. Tissue growth over
and/or around the anchoring member anchors the stent graft device within a
lumen. During removal of the stent graft device, the geometry of the anchoring
member changes to allow the anchoring member to be removed from the tissue
growth along a removal path with minimal trauma. The design and/or shape of the
anchoring member is not particularly limited so long as the anchoring member has
an adjustable geometry that permits tissue overgrowth and subsequent removal
from the tissue overgrowth with minimal trauma."


LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             209 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               India Pharma News

                      November 18, 2016 Friday 6:30 AM EST

Cerapedics Receives Best New Technology Award for Spine Care at NASS Annual
Meeting

LENGTH: 293  words


Nov. 18 -- Cerapedics, a privately-held orthobiologics company, today announced
it has received a Best New Technology Award for spine care as part of the 2016
Orthopedics This Week Spine Technology Awards. The award recognizes the
company's i-FACTOR Peptide Enhanced Bone Graft, the first bone graft to be
approved for use in the cervical spine by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration
(FDA). Award winners were announced in conjunction with the 2016 North American
Spine Society (NASS) Annual Meeting, held October 26-29 in Boston, MA.

"Over the past year we have been focused on accelerating our commercialization
efforts in the U.S. following the FDA Premarket Approval (PMA) of i-FACTOR Bone
Graft," said Glen Kashuba, CEO of Cerapedics. "We continue to receive
outstanding feedback from surgeons across the country who are excited to have a
safe, clinically effective and cost effective bone graft that is supported by
Level I human data. We are grateful to be recognized by Orthopedics This Week
and the surgeon panel who chose i-FACTOR Bone Graft for the Best New Technology
Award."

iFACTOR Bone Graft is based on synthetic small peptide (P-15) technology
developed by Cerapedics to support bone growth through cell attachment and
activation. In November 2015, i-FACTOR Bone Graft was approved by the FDA for
use in anterior cervical discectomy and fusion (ACDF) procedures in patients
with degenerative cervical disc disease.

The annual Orthopedics This Week Spine Technology Awards honor inventors,
engineering teams, surgeons and their companies who have created the most
innovative, enduring and practical products to treat back pain. For more
information, visit
https://ryortho.com/2016/11/the-ten-best-new-spine-technologies-for-2016/.

Source: Cerapedics

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2016 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             210 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                           October 27, 2016 Thursday

Medtronic Vascular, Inc. applies for US Patent titled as "Dilatation Tester for
a Stent-Graft Prosthesis"

LENGTH: 207 words

DATELINE: New York


ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an
application no. 20160302912 for US Patent, published on October 20, 2016, by
Medtronic Vascular, Inc., titled as "Dilatation Tester for a Stent-Graft
Prosthesis"  for the registration of patent.



Inventors: Argentine; Jeffery; (Petaluma, CA) ; Rowe; Mark; (Santa Rosa, CA)

Applicant: Medtronic Vascular, Inc.   Santa Rosa   CA   US

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
dilatation or fatigue tester for a stent-graft prosthesis includes a sample
holder having a compressible member that defines a chamber for receiving a
stent-graft prosthesis in an expanded state, a bearing assembly disposed to
contact and act on an exterior surface of the compressible member of the sample
holder, and an actuation assembly operably coupled to the bearing assembly for
rotating the bearing assembly relative to the sample holder. Rotation of the
bearing assembly cyclically compresses the compressible member of the sample
holder to thereby provide cyclical radial loading and unloading of a stent-graft
prosthesis received therein for simulating physiologic loading conditions of a
stent-graft prosthesis within a vasculature due to a beating heart."


LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             211 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Pittsburgh Post-Gazette (Pennsylvania)

                           November 1, 2007 Thursday
                                 SOUTH EDITION

Teen to perform solo at orchestra debut

BYLINE: Erin Gibson Allen

SECTION: METRO; Pg. S-4

LENGTH: 652 words


It is always exciting to claim a big star grew up here and that you "knew him
when."

That may be the case with pianist Levi Graft, 18, of Connellsville, Fayette
County.

Mr. Graft, who is scheduled to perform a piano solo with the Pittsburgh Civic
Orchestra on its opening night, Nov. 10, is drawing attention from local
musicians.

"We were very impressed with him," said orchestra president, Ron Quinn.

The Pittsburgh Civic Orchestra, a South Hills-based community orchestra
comprised of volunteer musicians, is, perhaps, best known for its annual youth
competition, designed to offer an opportunity for outstanding young musicians to
perform live in concert with a symphony orchestra. The competition, which is
co-sponsored by the Pennsylvania Music Teachers' Association, is open to
instrumentalists who are in high school or younger. Vocalists can be up to 21
years old. Students must be from the area, and must perform lengthy pieces from
memory.

Last year, 22 students from the area competed, and five were selected to perform
a solo with the orchestra. Four of the winners performed last year, but one
winner, Mr. Graft, was brought back to perform this year in the first concert of
the orchestra's season.

The first concert, "Harvest of Music,'' will feature American music. Mr. Graft,
now a freshman at the University of Indiana at Bloomington, majoring in piano
performance, will play George Gershwin's familiar, but technically demanding,
"Rhapsody in Blue.''

Harry Coleman, a master piano teacher who studied piano performance at the
Juilliard School of Music and the University of Indiana at Bloomington, taught
Mr. Levi for three years prior to Levi going to college.

Mr. Coleman, who grew up in Green Tree and debuted with the Pittsburgh Symphony
at the age of 14, is excited about Mr. Graft's potential. "I think he could be
of international caliber," Mr. Coleman said.

Mr. Graft had lessons with local teachers starting at the age of 8, but about
the time he turned 14, teachers said his skills had reached a point where he
needed more formal instruction.

So, the student and his parents drove an hour and 10 minutes each way, twice a
week, for one-hour lessons with Mr. Coleman at his studios in Upper St. Clair
and Mt. Lebanon.

"He is one of those rare talents who absorbs music like a sponge," Mr. Coleman
said. "He learned more in a short time than any other student that I've had.
He's extremely talented."

Mr. Coleman said that in addition to his musical talent, Mr. Graft also has a
solid personality and charisma that audiences attach to.

In addition to classical and jazz, Mr. Graft is also inspired by rock-n-roll
music Among his favorite musicians are Elton John, Billy Joel and the Beatles.

Janet Scandrol, a violinist and an orchestra board member, said she is excited
to perform with Mr. Graft.

"He blew the judges away with his technique," she said.

Playing

"Rhapsody" will also be challenging for orchestra members, who range in age from
high school through senior citizen. But, orchestra tries for a challenge, said
Dee Borman, principal cellist.

The orchestra's second concert, A Gift of Music, will be held Dec.22, and will
offer classical and light holiday favorites. The third, "Into the Future,'' is
Jan. 26 and will highlight this year's winners of the youth solo competition,
which is under way.

The orchestra's fourth concert, "Voices of Spring,'' is March 15, which will
include music from Strauss and Shuman.

The season concludes May 10 with a concert titled a Musical Smorgasbord, which
will offer a variety of themes.

The orchestra is in its 49th year and is choosing a new conductor, the only paid
position. It's previous conductor of 13 years, Bruce Lauffer, left last year.

All concerts are performed at 7:30 p.m. in the Upper St. Clair High School
Theater. A lecture on the evening's performance begins at 7:10. Tickets are $12,
but students are free. For more, visit www.artsnet.org/pco,

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Erin Gibson Allen is a freelance writer.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2007 P.G. Publishing Co.


                             212 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Charleston Daily Mail (West Virginia)

                            April 29, 2008, Tuesday

Two file lawsuits over illegal bone implants;
Former oral surgeon pleaded guilty last month to raiding funeral homes, morgues
for corpse bones

BYLINE: JUSTIN D. ANDERSON, DAILY MAIL CAPITOL REPORTER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P1C

LENGTH: 584 words


Two people are suing in separate West Virginia circuit courts alleging they
received untested, illegally harvested bone grafts during surgeries at hospitals
in Huntington and Charleston.

One of the plaintiffs, Terrance Reedy, of Ironton, Ohio, claims he contracted
hepatitis after he got a bone graft during neck surgery at St. Mary's Medical
Center in 2004.

The other plaintiff, Rosemary Huffman, of Charleston, alleges she received a
bone graft during spinal surgery in 2005 at Charleston Area Medical Center's
General Hospital.

The graft did not sicken Huffman. But she contends her surgery occurred seven
days after the federal government recalled 21 products from one of the companies
at the center of the illegal scheme. One of the products was allegedly used in
her surgery, her lawyer said.

Neither plaintiff could immediately be reached Monday.

The lawsuits link both grafts to an illegal bone harvesting and distribution
operation based in New York and New Jersey.

The mastermind behind the enterprise, Michael Mastromarino, a former New Jersey
oral surgeon, pleaded guilty last month in a Brooklyn courtroom to raiding
funeral homes and city morgues and illegally extracting bones from corpses
without the consent of families.

Often, femurs taken from funeral homes were replaced with PVC pipes to hide the
illegal activity, according to news reports of the case.

Mastromarino faces up to 54 years in prison and could be forced to forfeit more
than $4 million he collected through his now-defunct business, Biomedical Tissue
Services.

Three others who worked with Mastromarino - Joseph Nicelli, a master embalmer,
Lee Cruceta and Christopher Aldorasi - still face charges. Seven funeral home
directors have already pleaded guilty for cooperating with the scheme.

The West Virginia lawsuits name Mastromarino's now-defunct company; Regeneration
Technologies Inc., of Alachua, Fla; and Medtronic Sofamor Danek, and subsidiary
SpinalGraft Technologies, both of Memphis, Tenn. as defendants.

The latter three companies distributed the bone and tissue products for
Mastromarino's company, according to the lawsuits.

Huffman and Reedy allege that none of the companies adequately tested the bone
and tissue products for possible infection before distributing them to hospitals
up and down the East Coast. Mastromarino's company was accused of altering
medical records to conceal medical issues and ages of the source of the bone and
tissue.

Huffman's suit also names CAMC as a defendant.

Both plaintiffs claim their physicians notified them that they'd received grafts
that weren't properly screened. The letters came a month after the Food and Drug
Administration ordered that Mastromarino's company closed.

Reedy's case has been sent to a New Jersey federal court for motions and
discovery as part of a multi-district litigation in the fallout over the illegal
bone-harvesting scheme, said Reedy's lawyer, Paul Farrell Jr.

Once the initial procedures are out of the way, that case will be sent back to
Cabell Circuit Court to be tried, Farrell said.

Frank Armada, Huffman's lawyer, said there are some venue issues that have to be
cleared up locally before his client's case can be sent to New Jersey. Armada
said Huffman's suit differs from the others because it includes a direct action
against CAMC.

Anthony Majestro, a lawyer on both cases, said Huffman's and Reedy's lawsuits
are two of about five such suits originating in West Virginia.

Contact writer Justin D. Anderson at justin@dailymail.com or 348-4843.

30

LOAD-DATE: April 30, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 Charleston Newspapers


                             213 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                            October 25, 2016 Tuesday

WRIGHT MEDICAL TECHNOLOGY, INC. (Tennessee) applies for US Patent titled as
"Multiphasic Bone Graft Substitute"

LENGTH: 214 words

DATELINE: New York


ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an
application no. 20160303276 for US Patent, published on October 20, 2016, by
WRIGHT MEDICAL TECHNOLOGY, INC. (Tennessee), titled as "Multiphasic Bone Graft
Substitute"  for the registration of patent.



Inventors: Moseley; Jon; (Arlington, TN) ; Macdougall; Jamie; (Oakland, TN) ;
Harrigan; Katie; (Cordova, TN)

Applicant: WRIGHT MEDICAL TECHNOLOGY, INC.   Memphis   TN   US (Tennessee)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "The
invention provides a particulate composition adapted for forming a bone graft
substitute cement upon mixing with an aqueous solution, comprising i) a calcium
sulfate hemihydrate powder, wherein the calcium sulfate hemihydrate is present
at a concentration of at least about 50 weight percent based on the total weight
of the particulate composition; ii) a monocalcium phosphate monohydrate powder;
iii) a non-porous .beta.-tricalcium phosphate powder; and iv) a porous
.beta.-tricalcium phosphate powder. Bone graft substitute cements made
therefrom, a bone graft substitute kit comprising the particulate composition,
methods of making and using the particulate composition, and articles made from
the bone graft substitute cement are also provided."


LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             214 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 13, 2014 Thursday

USPTO Published Patent application of MIMEDX GROUP, INC. titled as "REINFORCED
PLACENTAL TISSUE GRAFTS AND METHODS OF MAKING AND USING THE SAME"

LENGTH: 172  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an application no.
20140067058, published on March 06, 2014, by MIMEDX GROUP, INC., titled as
"REINFORCED PLACENTAL TISSUE GRAFTS AND METHODS OF MAKING AND USING THE SAME"
for the registration of patent.

Inventors:  KOOB; Thomas J.; (Marietta, GA) ; TOFE; Robert; (Denver, CO) ; CHEN;
Elizabeth; (Denver, CO)
Assignee:  MIMEDX GROUP, INC.
Marietta
GA

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office:
"Described herein are tissue grafts derived from the placental tissue that are
reinforced with at least one biocompatible mesh. The tissue grafts possess good
adhesion to biological tissues and are useful in wound healing applications.
Also described herein are methods for making and using the tissue grafts."

The Patent was filed on August 14, 2013 under application No. 20140067058

For more information please visit: http://www.uspto.gov/. In case of any query
regarding this article or other content needs please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             215 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Medical Device Daily

                           December 5, 2013 Thursday

International report: W.L. Gore receives Japanese Shonin approval for Excluder

LENGTH: 732 words

A Medical Device Daily Staff Report

W. L. Gore (Flagstaff, Arizona) received Shonin approval from the Japanese
Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare to market the Gore Excluder AAA
Endoprosthesis featuring C3 Delivery System as a minimally invasive treatment
for patients suffering from an abdominal aortic aneurysm (AAA). The GORE C3
Delivery System enables physicians and interventionalists to reposition the Gore
Excluder Device prior to final release from the delivery catheter. The added
deployment control provides physicians with increased confidence in treating
challenging anatomies, as well as cannulation options with the ability to bring
the contralateral gate to the contralateral guidewire.

The GORE C3 Delivery System provides physicians with a proven stent-graft and
new delivery system, which was previously unavailable in Japan. The GORE
EXCLUDER Device remains virtually unchanged--with the same low delivery profile
and flexibility on catheter that facilitates access and passage through narrow
and tortuous anatomies. Once delivered into the aorta, the GORE C3 Delivery
System uniquely and intuitively enables repositioning of the stent-graft. The
ability to reposition the device may minimize complications that could occur if
the stent-graft needs to be repositioned after the initial deployment. This
revolutionary technology, which was approved by the FDA in January 2011, was
designed to give physicians two additional opportunities to accurately place the
stent-graft relative to the patient's anatomy.

"The Gore C3 Delivery System offers more opportunities to optimize infrarenal
seal and provides the physician with greater control. The ability to reposition
minimizes complications that can occur with graft placement, adding a level of
confidence and control during endovascular procedures that physicians have not
experienced before," said Alan Lumsden, MD, Chair, Department of Cardiovascular
Surgery at the Methodist Hospital, Houston, Texas.

"Since launching the GORE C3 Delivery System for the Gore Excluder Device in
2011, it has shown a high level of performance, allowing physicians to achieve
the best possible deployment of the stent-graft," said Ryan Takeuchi, Gore
Aortic Business Leader. "Through our innovative designs and close collaboration
with the endovascular community, Gore aims to bring safe and effective minimally
invasive endovascular repair to patients worldwide."



SMART Medical in alliance with Pentax

SMART Medical Systems (A'nana, Israel), a developer of endoscopy products, has
enetered into a strategic alliance with Pentax Medical (Montvale, New Jersey) in
endoscopic imaging. Under the alliance, SMART's novel G-EYE balloon technology
will be integrated on Pentax Medical's full HD+ colonoscopes, and will be
distributed by Pentax Medical in Europe, the Middle East and Africa (EMEA).
Colorectal cancer, considered to be one of the most lethal cancer types, evolves
from adenomas (pre-cancerous polyps) that develop in the mucosal layer of the
colon, and can be detected and removed in routine colonoscopy examination.
Nevertheless, a significant number of polyps and adenomas (typically 25%-40%)
are missed during conventional colonoscopy. The G-EYE endoscope provides
enhanced visualization of the colon, and has shown in recent clinical studies to
enable significant increase in polyp and adenoma detection alongside
considerable reduction in polyp and adenoma miss-rate, compared with
conventional colonoscopy. The G-EYE endoscope is constructed of a conventional
colonoscope onto which SMART's proprietary balloon is permanently integrated.
Controlled Withdrawal of the G-EYE[TM] endoscope with the balloon moderately
inflated flattens colon folds, straightens lumen topography, centralizes the
optical image and reduces bowel slippage, altogether increasing detection yield.
Once polyp is detected, balloon anchoring in the colon facilitates fast and
accurate polyp removal. "Partnering with Pentax Medical is an ultimate way for
us to bring the G-EYE colonoscopy solution to the market," said Gadi Terliuc,
founder and CEO of SMART. "Our mission is to provide the GI specialists with the
most advanced endoscopy device so that they can provide the best possible care
to their patients. Pentax Medical, as a market leader in the endoscopy field,
can make the G-EYE a widely available product and a new standard of care in
colonoscopy."

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


          Copyright 2013 Thompson Media Group, LLC d/b/a AHC Media LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             216 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Hamilton Spectator (Ontario, Canada)

                      April 27, 2001 Friday Final Edition

Nerve grafts help men regain sexual function

SOURCE: The Associated Press

BYLINE: Daniel Q. Haney

SECTION: HEALTH; Pg. D17

LENGTH: 561 words

DATELINE: DANA POINT, CALIF.


Salvaging a nerve from the ankle, surgeons have found they can rewire the penis
so men achieve erections and have sex after operations to remove their cancerous
prostate glands.

Doctors say the nerve grafts are not as good as the original nerves, but they do
allow some men to regain sexual function when they otherwise would be impotent.
"It seems to have promise, certainly over doing nothing," said Dr. Joseph J.
Disa, a plastic surgeon who performs the surgery at Memorial Sloan-Kettering
Cancer Center in New York City. He outlined the new approach Wednesday at an
American Cancer Society meeting at Dana Point.

Often, doctors can preserve male sexual function after prostate surgery by
saving the two nerves that carry signals to the penis to fill with blood,
allowing erections. But if the cancer is too close to the nerves, one or both of
them must be cut, often leaving patients impotent.

The new approach uses a stretch of nerve removed from the ankle to fill in the
gap left between the two severed ends of these nerves, which run next to the
prostate gland. Dr. Peter Scardino, a pioneer of the procedure, estimates that
perhaps one-third of men who have prostate cancer surgery might benefit from the
nerve grafts if the technique proves out in further testing.

The nerve graft approach was first done in 1997 at Baylor College of Medicine in
Houston by Scardino, a urologist, and Dr. Rahul Nath, a plastic surgeon. It has
now been done on more than 300 men at several U.S. hospitals but is still
considered experimental.

"It's early data, but the concept is a great one," said Dr. Mark Litwin of the
University of California, Los Angeles. "It makes complete sense to do this."

The most impressive results so far are among men in whom both of the so-called
cavernous nerves have been cut during prostate removal. Such men virtually never
regain the ability to have intercourse spontaneously.

Though numbers are small, the data suggests that after nerve grafts, about
one-third are able to have sex without the need for injections or drugs such as
Viagra. "The important part of this is that anybody recovered," said Scardino.

The cavernous nerves are three to four millimetres in diameter and difficult to
find. Because of this and other problems, Disa said the grafts must be done
during the original prostate operation and cannot be put in later.

In early stage prostate cancer, doctors can usually take out the tumour without
cutting the nerves. However, if the cancer appears to abut the nerves, one or
more must be cut to minimize the chance of leaving behind microscopic bits of
cancer.

Usually, about a five-millimetre stretch of the nerve is removed. To repair the
damage, doctors adept at reconstructive microsurgery take out a piece of the
sural nerve, which runs along the ankle, and fill in the gap.

Disa said it takes two years to know for sure whether the graft will work.
During the first six months nothing happens, but erections gradually return.
When doctors can save both of the original nerves, about three-quarters of
patients recover their sexual function. When one nerve is cut, this falls to
about one-third.

Disa said the results so far suggest if both nerves are cut, the grafts can
restore erections to about one-third, while perhaps another third can get
erections with the help of Viagra.

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: News

                    Copyright 2001 Metroland Media Group Ltd


                             217 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   October 15, 1981, Thursday, Final Edition
                              Correction Appended

Charles Graft Jr., 59

SECTION: Metro; B21

LENGTH: 208 words


Retired Army Lt. Col. Charles V. Graft Jr., 59, an aviator and intelligence
officer who was a veteran of three wars, died Saturday in his home in
Springfield.

Col. Graft was a reconnaissance pilot for the the 71st Infantry Division in
Europe during World War II, served in Korea during the conflict there, and was
stationed in Vietnam from 1967 to 1968.

His other foreign assignments included Japan and Germany. He was stationed here
with the Army's combat development command when he retired in January 1972. His
decorations included two Legions of Merit, two Bronze Stars and the Air Medal
with 15 oak leaf clusters.

He was a member of the Army Aviation Association of America.

Col. Graft had been active in scouting groups for many years, and was awarded
the Boy Scouts' Silver Beaver. He had been scoutmaster of Troop No. 859 at the
Springfield Methodist Church for more than 10 years.

He was a native of Indiana and a graduate of Purdue University.

Survivors include his wife, Mary Jane, of Springfield; a daughter, Lynn Pope of
Indianapolis; six sons, Charles V. III, of Indianapolis, Thomas, of Manassas,
Jon, of Williamsburg, Rex, of Springfield, and Patrick and Rodrick, both of West
Lafayette, Ind., and four grandchildren.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: October 16, 1981, Friday, Final Edition

CORRECTION: Obituaries on both retired Army Lt. Col. Charles V. Graft Jr., and
William P. Thomas, which appeared in Thursday's editions of The Post, omitted
the cause of their deaths.

Both Col. Graft, 59, a veteran of three wars, and Mr. Thomas, 45, a former
special education teacher, died after heart attacks.

                       Copyright 1981 The Washington Post


                             218 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                            GlobalData - Investments

                               February 16, 2017

                                  CryoLife Inc

                       1655 Roberts Boulevard, North West
                                 Kennesaw 30144
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * INVESTMENTS * * * * * * * * * *


CryoLife Acquires PhotoFix from Genesee BioMedical

   4/14/2016 12:00:00 AM

   CryoLife, Inc., a medical device and tissue processing company, has exercised
its right to acquire the PhotoFix bovine pericardium patch from Genesee
BioMedical, Inc., a manufacturer of cardiac surgery devices and instruments, for
a purchase consideration of USD2.3 million, in cash.<P/>Under the terms of the
agreement, CryoLife has exercised its option to acquire all rights to the
PhotoFix for USD2.3 million, including approximately USD0.6 million that
CryoLife previously provided to Genesee BioMedical as an advance under the
distribution agreement. Genesee BioMedical has agreed to continue to supply
PhotoFix to CryoLife until CryoLife establishes manufacturing capabilities at
its headquarters in suburban Atlanta, Georgia, US. CryoLife anticipates it will
be manufacturing PhotoFix by mid 2017.<P/>PhotoFix is a non-glutaraldehyde fixed
bovine pericardium patch.<P/>Earlier, on August 7, 2014, CryoLife entered into
an agreement with Genesee BioMedical to distribute PhotoFix. Under the
agreement, CryoLife also obtained an option to acquire the PhotoFix product
line. <P/>This transaction provides CryoLife an opportunity to expand its
portfolio of cardiac surgery products.


CryoLife Sells Distribution Rights of ProCol Vascular Bioprosthesis to LeMaitre
Vascular for USD2 Million

   3/18/2016 12:00:00 AM

   CryoLife, Inc., a medical device and tissue processing company, has sold its
ProCol Vascular Bioprosthesis (ProCol) distribution rights to LeMaitre Vascular,
Inc., a provider of devices for the treatment of peripheral vascular diseases,
for a purchase consideration of USD2.03 million, in cash.<P/>Pursuant to the
transaction, CryoLife has sold all of its ProCol related assets, including
inventory, customer lists, related marketing assets, and its purchase option, as
well as for settlement of all amounts due to CryoLife from Hancock Jaffe.
<P/>Concurrently, LeMaitre Vascular acquired ProCol Vascular Bioprosthesis
product line from Hancock Jaffe Labs, for a purchase consideration of USD0.66
million. <P/>This transaction enables CryoLife to use the proceeds for general
corporate purposes and debt repayment.


Merit Medical Systems Acquires HeRO Graft Product Line from CryoLife for USD18.5
Million

   2/4/2016 12:00:00 AM

   Merit Medical Systems, Inc., a medical device and tissue processing company
focused on cardiac surgery, has acquired HeRO Graft device and related assets
from CryoLife, Inc., a medical device and tissue processing company, for a
purchase consideration of USD18.5 million in cash. Merit Medical financed the
transaction under existing banking agreements. For the year ended December 31,
2015, CryoLife's HeRO Graft generated revenue of USD7.5 million.<P/>Pursuant to
the transaction, Merit Medical Systems acquired the HeRO Graft product line,
including worldwide marketing rights, customer relationships, intellectual
property, equipment, and inventory. CryoLife will continue to manufacture the
HeRO Graft for up to six months under a transition supply agreement, after which
Merit Medical Systems will be responsible for manufacturing. <P/>The HeROGraft
is a fully subcutaneous vascular access system that is intended for use in
maintaining long-term vascular access for chronic hemodialysis patients who have
exhausted peripheral venous access sites suitable for fistulas or grafts. The
product has received 510(k) clearance from the FDA and has the CE marking.
<P/>This transaction enables Merit Medical to expand its existing portfolio and
this divestment enables CryoLife to focus on the portfolio of cardiac surgery
products.


CryoLife Acquires On-X Life Technologies for USD130 Million

   12/22/2015 12:00:00 AM

   CryoLife, Inc., a medical device and tissue processing company, has acquired
On-X Life Technologies Holdings, Inc. (formerly Medical Carbon Research
Institute, L.L.C.), a manufacturer of artifical heart valve replacement and
repair products, for a purchase consideration of USD130 million on a cash-free,
debt-free basis (subject to certain adjustments), consisting of approximately
70% in cash and 30% in CryoLife common stock. CryoLife financed the cash portion
of the transaction primarily with proceeds from the issuance of a new credit
facility and available cash. CryoLife has received a commitment from Capital One
Financial Corporation, Fifth Third Bank, and Citizens Financial Group, Inc., for
a 5-year, USD95 million senior secured facility, which includes a USD75 million
term loan and a USD20 million revolving credit facility. The acquisition was
approved by both companies' boards of directors and On-X Life's stockholders.
<P/>This acquisition enables CryoLife to access to the mechanical valve market
with an advanced portfolio of products. <P/>Canaccord Genuity Inc. acted as a
financial advisor and Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati Professional Corporation
acted as legal advisor to CryoLife; Piper Jaffray acted as a financial advisor
and Andrews Kurth LLP acted as legal advisor to On-X Life for the acquisition.
<P/>Deal History:<P/>Announced: On December 22, 2015, CryoLife agreed to acquire
On-X Life Technologies, for a purchase consideration of USD130 million on a
cash-free, debt-free basis (subject to certain adjustments), consisting of
approximately 70% in cash and 30% in CryoLife common stock.


CryoLife Enters into Distribution Agreement with Genesee BioMedical for PhotoFix


   8/7/2014 12:00:00 AM

   CryoLife, Inc., a medical device and tissue processing company, has entered
into an agreement with Genesee BioMedical, Inc., a manufacturer of cardiac
surgery devices and instruments, to distribute PhotoFix, a bovine pericardial
patch stabilized using a dye-mediated photo-fixation process that requires no
glutaraldehyde. <P/>Under the agreement, CryoLife received distribution rights
to PhotoFix from Genesee BioMedical for an upfront cash payment. Genesee
BioMedical will manufacture PhotoFix and is expected to begin providing
inventory to CryoLife in the fourth quarter of 2014. CryoLife also obtained an
option to acquire the PhotoFix product line at a predetermined price beginning
in March 2015. <P/>This agreement complements CryoLife's portfolio of
implantable living human tissues and enables CryoLife and Genesee BioMedical to
commercialize PhotoFix for use in intracardiac repair, including ventricular
repair and atrial repair; great vessel repair and suture line buttressing; and
pericardial closure.


CryoLife Enters Into Distribution Agreement With Hancock Jaffe Labs For ProCol
Vascular Bioprosthesis

   3/27/2014 12:00:00 AM

   CryoLife, Inc., a medical device and tissue processing company, entered into
a three-year exclusive worldwide distribution agreement with Hancock Jaffe
Laboratories, Inc. (HJL), a developer of bioprosthetic vascular grafts, for the
ProCol Vascular Bioprosthesis. Under the agreement, CryoLife receives worldwide
distribution rights for HJL's ProCol. CryoLife will reimburse HJL for up to US$
2.3m of its ProCol production costs over the next four quarters, beginning from
second quarter of 2014, with no more than US$0.65m payable in any quarter.
Profits from sales of ProCol after the initial approximately 4,000 units will be
shared equally by the parties, subject to the transfer price paid to Hancock
Jaffe and a distribution fee earned by CryoLife. CryoLife has the two one-year
renewal option to extend the agreement period. In addition, CryoLife has the
right to acquire the ProCol product line from Hancock Jaffe, after 24 months
from execution of the agreement. <P/>ProCol is a natural biological graft
derived from a bovine mesenteric vein that provides vascular access for
end-stage renal disease (ESRD) hemodialysis patients. It is intended for the
creation of a bridge graft for vascular access subsequent to at least one
previously failed prosthetic access graft. ProCol is complementary to CryoLife's
HeRO Graft (Hemodialysis Reliable Outflow), which also serves patients with
ESRD. ProCol provides vascular access for earlier-stage ESRD patients, while
HeRO Graft is designed for patients with limited access options and central
venous obstruction.<P/>This agreement enables CryoLife to strengthen its
products portfolio; and it allows Hancock Jaffe Laboratories to expand the
availability of its product globally.<P/>Norman Jaffe, co-founder of HJL, said,
We are excited to enter a distribution agreement with CryoLife. We expect both
companies to benefit from the reintroduction of ProCol through CryoLife's
established sales and marketing organization, which has a significant presence
in the cardiovascular and vascular access markets. The ProCol vascular
bioprosthesis has been shown to provide patients with ESRD with a viable access
option. In US clinical studies ProCol demonstrated improved patency compared
with ePTFE grafts. We believe CryoLife is in a strong position to drive
utilization of ProCol with its existing customers as well as to expand awareness
with new customers through its commercial presence and physician education
events, such as their Central Venous Pathology Summit.<P/>


Davol Completes Acquisition Of Medafor

   8/19/2013 12:00:00 AM

   Davol Inc., a medical device company and subsidiary of C.R. Bard Inc.,
completed the acquisition of Medafor Inc., a maker of plant-based hemostatic
agents, for a purchase consideration of US$280m. As part of the consideration,
Davol paid US$200m in cash at closing and will pay future contingent payments of
up to US$80m based on specific revenue-based milestones through June 30, 2015.
The transition is structured as a merger and is approved by both companies'
boards. This acquisition enables Davol to expand its business in the area of
surgical specialties.<P/>Pursuant to the acquisition, CryoLife Inc., an
implantable biological medical device and cardiovascular tissue processing
company, will receive an initial payment of approximately US$15.1m for its
2,379,554 shares in Medafor and will receive an additional payments of up to US$
8.4m upon the release of funds held in escrow and the satisfaction of certain
contingent milestones.<P/>Timothy M. Ring, chairman and CEO of Bard, said, With
the acquisition of Medafor, we continue to shift the mix of the portfolio to
improve the organic growth profile of the business for the longer term. With its
safety and ease of use profile, the Arista hemostat provides a great alternative
to other commercially available hemostats while providing strong synergy with
our Progel Sealant technology and sales channel. This technology platform
represents an important building block for our surgical specialty product
offering and provides a global footprint for continued expansion.<P/>Weil
Gotshal & Manges LLP acted as legal advisor to Davol; while Fredrikson & Byron,
P.A. acted as legal advisor to Medafor. <P/>Deal history<P/>Completed: On
October 1, 2013, Davol completed the acquisition of Medafor for a purchase
consideration of US$280m in cash and milestone payments.<P/>Announced: On August
19, 2013, Davol agreed to acquire Medafor for a purchase consideration of US$
280m in cash and milestone payments.


CryoLife Completes Acquisition Of Hemosphere For Up To US$21.5 Million

   5/15/2012 12:00:00 AM

   CryoLife, Inc., a tissue processing and medical device company, completed the
acquisition of Hemosphere, Inc., a medical device company, for a purchase
consideration of $17m in cash, plus potential revenue milestone-based payments
of up to $4.5m. The deal represents a revenue multiple of 4.05x.

CryoLife funded the transaction through cash on hand. Hemosphere generated
revenues of approximately $5.3m for the year ended 2011. Hemosphere developed
HeRO (Hemodialysis Reliable Outflow) Graft, a proprietary graft-based solution
for end-stage renal disease (ESRD) hemodialysis patients with limited access
options and central venous obstruction.

This acquisition enables CryoLife to enter global medical devices market for
cardiac and vascular surgery; and leverage its cardiovascular team to facilitate
the availability and accelerate the growth of HeRO Graft in the US. The product
will complement CryoLife's CryoVein and CryoArtery preserved human tissues,
which are used as an arteriovenous (AV) graft for ESRD hemodialysis patients,
and help utilize its established clinical, regulatory, and research and
development teams to explore HeRO Graft's product enhancement opportunities.

Steven G. Anderson, president and CEO of CryoLife, said, "The talented team at
Hemosphere has developed a unique technology for end-stage renal disease
hemodialysis patients that are otherwise faced with sub-optimal treatment
alternatives. We believe that this acquisition is well in-line with our
cardiovascular focus and look forward to integrating the business and
collaborating with the Hemosphere team to train our sales reps on the HeRO
Graft."

Patrick J. Wethington, president and CEO of Hemosphere, said, The HeRO Graft has
been clinically proven to reduce bacteremia rates by 69% as compared to patients
with tunneled dialysis catheters. With over 5,000 HeRO kits sold and nearly 100
clinical publications and presentations, we believe CryoLife's established
corporate infrastructure and resources will be beneficial in expanding patient
access and further enhancing the HeRO Graft system.

William Blair & Company, LLC acted as financial advisor, while Oppenheimer Wolff
& Donnelly LLP acted as legal counsel to Hemosphere for the transaction.

Deal history

Completed: On May 16, 2012, CryoLife completed the acquisition of Hemosphere,
for a purchase consideration of $17m in cash, plus potential revenue
milestone-based payments of up to $4.5m.

Announced: On May 15, 2012, CryoLife agreed to acquire Hemosphere, for a
purchase consideration of $17m in cash, plus potential revenue milestone-based
payments of up to $4.5m.


CryoLife Files Registration Statement For Public Offering Of Securities For US$
100 Million

   2/22/2012 12:00:00 AM

   CryoLife, Inc., a company engaged in the development of implantable
biological devices, surgical adhesives and biomaterials, filed a registration
statement with the US Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) for public
offering of its securities, to raise gross proceeds of $100m.

Under the offering, the company from time to time may offer and sell its common
stock, preferred stock, depositary shares, warrants to purchase shares, either
individually or in units. It may also offer common stock upon conversion of the
preferred stock, preferred stock upon conversion of the depositary shares, or
common stock, preferred stock or depositary shares upon the exercise of
warrants.

Arnall Golden Gregory LLP is acting as legal advisor to the company for the
offering.

The company intends to use the net proceeds for working capital and general
corporate purposes, including the repayment of debt; fund the acquisition of
companies, businesses, technologies, products or assets. It may also invest the
net proceeds in short-term, investment-grade, interest-bearing securities.


ValveXchange Receives Equity Investment From CryoLife

   7/7/2011 12:00:00 AM

   ValveXchange, Inc., a medical device company, received an equity investment
of $3.5m from CryoLife Inc., a tissue processing and medical device company
focused on cardiac and vascular surgery. Following this investment, CryoLife
received an approximate of 19% initial equity ownership in ValveXchange and the
right of first refusal to acquire ValveXchange during a period that extends
through the completion of initial commercialization milestones, as well as the
right to negotiate with ValveXchange for European distribution rights. Further,
CryoLife will make a payment of up to $2m to ValveXchange in additional debt
financing through a revolving credit facility.

Steven G. Anderson, chairman, president and chief executive officer of CryoLife,
said, "We believe that the ValveXchange technology is an extremely compelling
next generation heart valve approach. Its unique replaceable bioprosthetic
leaflet design has the potential to eliminate repeat open heart surgeries from
the long-term wear complications associated with current biological valves. We
believe that the system may resolve the long standing compromises between
conventional mechanical and biological heart valves, potentially making this
platform applicable to patients of all ages. This investment is well in-line
with our strategy to focus on innovative products that could further leverage
our direct sales force and their relationships with cardiac surgeons."

This transaction enables ValveXchange to bring its innovative heart valve
technology to market and will support procedures of its Vitality Exchangeable
Heart Valve System, anticipated to occur later this year, followed by a planned
European clinical trial.


ValveXchange Raises USD4 million Financing

   7/6/2011 12:00:00 AM

   ValveXchange, Inc., a developer of advanced heart valve designs, has raised
USD4.03 million of its planned USD4.21 million venture financing round. To raise
this financing, the company issued series A preferred stock and warrants to
purchase series A preferred stock to CryoLife, Inc. and other investors.<P/>The
company intends to use the proceeds for working capital purposes.


CryoLife Completes Acquisition Of Cardiogenesis

   3/29/2011 12:00:00 AM

   CryoLife, Inc., an implantable biological medical device and cardiovascular
tissue processing company, through its wholly-owned subsidiary CL Falcon, Inc.,
completed the acquisition of remaining stake in Cardiogenesis Corporation, a
medical device company, for a purchase consideration of $11.4m in cash, or
$0.457 per share. Following the completion, Cardiogenesis became a wholly owned
subsidiary of CryoLife and its common stock ceased to be traded on the OTCQB
market.<P/>Earlier on May 2, 2011 CryoLife through a tender offer acquired 49.9%
of the outstanding shares of Cardiogenesis for a purchase consideration of
$10.6m. Under the offer, a total of 38,482,022 shares of Cardiogenesis' common
stock, representing approximately 82.6% of its outstanding common stock, were
validly tendered and not withdrawn. Of the shares tendered, 23,221,166 shares of
Cardiogenesis' common stock, representing approximately 49.9% of its outstanding
common stock, were acquired and remaining was returned to the shareholders.
<P/>Piper Jaffray & Co. acted as financial advisor and B. Joseph Alley of Arnall
Golden Gregory, LLP acted as legal advisor to CryoLife. B. Riley & Co., LLC
acted as financial advisor, while K&L Gates LLP acted as legal advisor to
Cardiogenesis for the transaction. Chris Mittendorf and Dana Hartline of Edelman
acted as public relations advisor for CryoLife. <P/>This acquisition enables
CryoLife to extend its product offerings and reach and is expected to be
accretive to its revenue growth rate and gross margin.<P/>Deal
history<P/>Completed: On May 17, 2011, CryoLife, Inc., through its wholly-owned
subsidiary CL Falcon, Inc., completed the acquisition of remaining stake in
Cardiogenesis Corporation, for a purchase consideration of $11.4m in cash, or
$0.457 per share. <P/>Update3: On May 3, 2011, CryoLife, Inc., through its
wholly-owned subsidiary CL Falcon, Inc., completed its tender offer to acquire
49.9% of the outstanding shares of Cardiogenesis Corporation, for a purchase
consideration of $10.6m in cash, or $0.457 per share. <P/>Update2: On April 14,
2011, CryoLife, Inc. amended and restated its cash tender offer related to its
proposed acquisition of Cardiogenesis Corporation to acquire only 49.9% of the
outstanding shares of Cardiogenesis.<P/>Update1: On April 5, 2011, CryoLife,
Inc., through its wholly-owned subsidiary CL Falcon, Inc., has commenced a cash
tender offer to acquire all of the outstanding shares of Cardiogenesis
Corporation, for a purchase consideration of approximately $22m or $0.457 per
share.<P/>Announced: On March 29, 2011, CryoLife, Inc., entered into a
definitive agreement to acquire all of the outstanding shares of Cardiogenesis
Corporation, for a purchase consideration of approximately $22m or $0.457 per
share.
* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Business Description                    Company Investment Analysis
Corporate Strategy                      Company Overview
Company Product Pipeline Analysis       Company Statement
Events                                  Financial Ratios
History                                 Investments
Key Employee Biographies                Key Employees
Key Facts                               Locations and Subsidiaries
Major Products and Services             SWOT Analysis
Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2017


                             219 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


            Colorado Springs Business Journal (Colorado Springs, CO)

                                November 9, 2007

Commentary: City makes right choice in Culbreth-Graft as manager

BYLINE: Colorado Springs Business Journal Staff

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 385  words


We were glad to learn that City Council chose Penny Culbreth-Graft as our new
city manager, replacing the recently retired Lorne Kramer. We particularly
congratulate council on breaking the "glass ceiling" by appointing a woman to
the city's highest post.

Culbreth-Graft's resume is exceptionally impressive. Since 2004, she has been
city administrator for Huntington Beach, Calif. Previously, she was the
assistant city manager for Riverside, San Diego and Tucson.

We hope that her broad experience in other rapidly growing Western cities will
serve her well in her new position.

Like San Diego, Tucson and Huntington Beach, Colorado Springs must deal with
multiple overlapping problems and opportunities if it is to grow and prosper.

As the municipal government grows larger and more complex, and as its
responsibilities become proportionately greater, Culbreth-Graft must match
revenue to expenditures. In the face of a slowing local and national economy,
and stagnant tax revenue, that will not be an easy task.

Even more importantly, she needs to take the lead in rebuilding our relationship
with Pueblo, which now seems to consist of name calling and lawsuits.

Nothing is more important to the future of this community than the successful
completion of the Southern Delivery System, and the actions of some of our
elected and appointed officials have hardly served to advance the water pipeline
project.

Historically, Colorado Springs has been able to build water diversion projects
only by working cooperatively with other affected jurisdictions. We trust that
Culbreth-Graft will no longer rely on the lawyers and attack dogs that have
brought us to the present impasse.

And we also hope that she will recognize the strengths of this community.

Ours is a city with a competent, honest and frugal municipal government, with
growing cultural resources, a spectacular parks system and an engaged,
charitable population. We've been fortunate to have individuals such as George
Fellows and Lorne Kramer serve as city managers, and the city has benefited from
their wise leadership.

Finally, we hope that Culbreth-Graft will put an end to policies of secrecy,
evasiveness, and back-channel dealings that have characterized media-city
relationships of late. Such policies, stated or not, are unworthy of Colorado
Springs.

LOAD-DATE: November 10, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Opinion

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             220 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                              May 16, 2014 Friday

Tough choice between sports, but Marmion's Graft loving tennis

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 1242 words


John Graft misses track and field. For the spring of his senior year, though, he
really didn't want to miss tennis.

Had Graft continued his progression from cross country, which he ran all four
years at Marmion, and returned to track as in his junior year, he could have
joined such Cadets as Brady Bobbitt, Eric Lifka, Ethan Young, Paul Bancroft,
brothers Andrew and Kevin Grahovec and perhaps even youngsters Quinn Gratz and
Andrew Burroughs to provide Marmion with a really crack distance squad.

After all, according to Daily Herald records in 2013 Graft led the county in the
3,200-meter run at 9 minutes, 37.9 seconds, and he was among the best in the
1,600 at 4:27.1. Last fall he placed 13th at the Waubonsie Valley cross country
sectional, qualifying for the state meet with Bobbitt.

Graft said "30 seconds" after the sectional meet one of his feet started
hurting, a stress fracture which denied him a run in Peoria.

Unfortunately for Marmion track coach Dan Thorpe -- but to the benefit of Cadets
tennis coach John Tsang -- Graft chose tennis to close out his varsity career
before he advances to study electrical engineering at prestigious Johns Hopkins
University in Baltimore. Graft said both Tsang, naturally, and Thorpe ("really
gracious") were on his side when he made his decision in late February, when
indoor track really kicks in.

"They were both really supportive of it the whole time. I know a lot of kids
feel pressure from coaches," said Graft, who Tsang said enters Saturday's
Suburban Christian Conference tennis meet at St. Francis at No. 2 singles with a
10-2 singles record. (Marmion has won the last five conference tournaments.)
Graft's two losses came at an invite at Lockport, one to Marmion's No. 1 singles
player John King.

"I think playing multiple sports has been beneficial to me and I had a lot of
fun doing it last year," he said. "This year, the reason I wanted to play tennis
was I knew I wanted to play singles this year. Last year, I wanted to play
doubles."

And doubles he did, helping Marmion go undefeated in dual meets a second
straight year. He paired with senior Jackson Rettig to win the SCC title at No.
1 doubles and qualify for state, where the duo went 3-2 and finished 25-4 on the
season -- while Graft also ran track.

"It wasn't easy and we had to make adjustments based on schedules, and we made
it work," said Tsang, in his fourth year coaching Marmion but his 11th with
sister school Rosary.

Graft qualified for the state tournament in singles as a sophomore, and that's
where he set his sights.

"Singles is just a much more physically demanding element to tennis, and I just
wanted to focus on playing singles this year," he said. "It's more a requirement
focusing on singles than on doubles. I really wanted to take my season as far as
I could go. I love to run, too, and considered playing both sports, but at the
end of the day it came down to which sport was more fun for me."

Tsang called Graft a quick, "all-court player"; Graft said his strengths are
endurance and mental toughness he developed through running.

"He's one of those players who you're going to really have to work hard if you
want to have an advantage on him, because he's going to get to every ball,"
Tsang said.

Graft also was a competitive swimmer until his sophomore year, with a couple
triathlons under his belt. This spring, however, he's pleased to focus on one
discipline.

"I do miss running," Graft said. "I do miss the competition because I love to
compete. Tennis provides me with that. Tennis is more of a boxing match between
my opponent and myself -- but running provides many benefits."

Crosstown clash

At least until the playoffs it doesn't get any bigger than this for St. Charles
lacrosse.

Three separate events fill the bill this weekend, highlighted by Friday's
Crosstown Classic between St. Charles East and St. Charles North, who make a
rare appearance on a high school field as the marquee match of Friday's
triple-header at St. Charles East's Norris Stadium.

"It's kind of a lacrosse weekend, really," said Mitch Cohen, president of the
St. Charles Lacrosse Club.

On Saturday there's a return of the freshman-sophomore "Rock the Fox"
tournament, starting at 8 a.m. on two fields at Wredling Middle School. Ten
squads come in, including sides from Geneva, South Elgin and, of course, the two
St. Charles high schools.

Another youth-oriented confab, the fourth annual May Classic, hits the East Side
Sports Complex on Friday and Saturday. Club teams from Illinois and Wisconsin,
age-group players from the under-9 to under-15 crowd, will be out there all day.

Four our purposes here the centerpiece is the Crosstown Classic -- which is not
just one classic, but a handful. At 4 p.m. Friday the junior varsity squads from
St. Charles North and East will play at Norris Stadium, followed at 5:30 by the
unified St. Charles girls team against St. Francis and the boys varsity game
between East and North at 7:30 p.m.

Those last two matches will be broadcast live on High School Cube then placed
into heavy rotation on Comcast from noon Saturday through Tuesday night.

(It's important to note that the St. Charles Lacrosse "LAX Gives Back" effort is
collecting nonperishable food items and toiletries which the Salvation Army will
distribute to appropriate parties.)

All involved in the Classic -- which is also senior recognition day -- wished to
thank St. Charles East athletic director Mike Sommerfeld for the use of Norris
Stadium. Due to the crush for field space during the busiest season on the high
school calendar and lacrosse not yet sanctioned by the Illinois High School
Association, this opportunity doesn't often come around. The teams typically
play home games at the East Side Sports Complex down the road from East.

"It's the first time it's happened in the last three years," said St. Charles
East coach Chris Conner. "It's a big deal for everyone to play at the stadium."

Why?

"I think it's just because it finally makes us feel that we're a part of the
school," he said.

Also over the last three years the boys teams have become separate entities
since their days as a unified club. St. Charles North is 2-0 in the Classic.

"The first two years we were very young so we were kind of overmatched by
North," Conner said. "But this is the first year we're pretty equal with them,
and the first time we have a chance to win the game. So this will be big for
us."

Headed by seniors Nate Campana, Tim Canning, Brett Hickey and Brandon Huff, the
Saints actually own the higher ranking by the Illinois High School Lacrosse
Association, No. 19 to St. Charles North's No. 23. St. Charles East entered
Thursday's game against Naperville North at 9-4.

St. Charles North coach Sean McCaffrey acknowledged that this will be a
"well-matched" contest with the Saints. At 8-6, the North Stars bring in top
scorers Jud Huxtable and Zach Behrens along with key players Cam McKenzie, Joey
Davis, Austin Cohen, Carter O'Brien and Eric Koppang.

"East is very hungry to end their losing streak in the Cross Town matchup,"
McCaffrey noted. "We do not plan on letting that happen, though."

Them's hopefully not fighting words. But hey, it is a contact sport. It's
fitting that this is the last regular-season game for both squads.

"I think there's a lot of respect between both teams but there's a lot of
aggression because both teams obviously want to win," Conner said. "It's the
biggest game of the year for everybody."

doberhelman@dailyherald.com

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Laura Stoecker/lstoecker@dailyherald.comMarmion's John Graft takes the
win in the 3,200-meter run at the Kane County boys track meet at Burlington
Central on Friday. Laura Stoecker/lstoecker@dailyherald.comMarmion's John Graft
takes the win in the 3,200-meter run at the Kane County boys track meet at
Burlington Central on Friday. Laura Stoecker/lstoecker@dailyherald.comMarmion's
John Graft takes the win in the 3,200-meter run at the Kane County boys track
meet at Burlington Central on Friday. Laura Stoecker/lstoecker@dailyherald.com
Marmion's John Graft would be one of the best runners in the area this spring
but the talented senior elected to play tennis instead. Laura
Stoecker/lstoecker@dailyherald.com Marmion's John Graft would be one of the best
runners in the area this spring but the talented senior elected to play tennis
instead.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                             221 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Medical Device Daily

                            November 18, 2005 Friday

Cook provides an update on endovascular unit at VIETH

LENGTH: 1052 words


Cook provides an update on endovascular unit at VIETH

By HOLLAND JOHNSON  Medical Device Daily Associate Managing Editor  At the
annual VIETH Symposium in New York yesterday, analysts, media, vascular surgeons
and other vascular specialists with an interest attended a breakfast meeting
given by independent medical device manufacturer Cook (Bloomington, Indiana) to
discuss its endovascular therapies division as well as trends in that market.

The VIETH gathering began yesterday and runs through Sunday at the Sheraton New
York Hotel & Towers.

Leading the discussion was Barry Thomas, director and global strategic business
unit leader, who was responsible for launching Cook's endovascular therapies
division in the U.S. in 2003.

Thomas noted that the launch of the division was concurrent with the FDA
approval of the company's Zenith abdominal aortic aneurysm (AAA) endovascular
graft system in May 2003.

"Having got that clearance," he said, "we decided to create a business unit
around it."

When the company first entered the AAA endovascular sector, Thomas noted that
there were only three other competitors involved in the U.S. market: Medtronic
(Minneapolis), with its Aneuryx system with about a 70% market share; W.L. Gore
(Flagstaff, Arizona), with its Excluder and a roughly 50% share of the market;
and Guidant (Indianapolis) with its now-discontinued Ancure system that had a
20% share of the AAA endovascular graft market until the company stopped making
the device in June 2003.

He said the Guidant problems were fortuitous for the fledgling division, since
they coincided with the launch of Cook's own device in the sector. Since that
time, the company has assumed the third place in the market, but has managed to
increase its share to about 31%.

Speaking from the meeting site, Thomas told Medical Device Daily that this
market share has translated to sales in the U.S. of about $100 million with
global sales of between $170 million and $180 million.

"We're the fastest-growing division in Cook," he said.

He pointed out that while this sector could be worth more than $1 billion in the
next four or five years, it barely registers a notice for companies like
Medtronic, Johnson & Johnson (New Brunswick, New Jersey) and Boston Scientific
(Natick, Massachusetts). "This for Cook is a large business," he said. "I think
where a small company like ours can exist is to, in fact, go into these markets
that give us the opportunity to specialize, customize and develop a market that
keeps us below the radar of the larger companies."

In order to succeed in a specialized space like the aorta, Thomas noted that one
has to be very committed to product development; he said this isn't an area
someone can "dabble in." Unlike a coronary stenting procedure where the same
guidewire can be used for multiple procedures, he said the anatomy for every
patient "is very different."

As an example of the highly customizable nature of the aortic market, Thomas
pointed to the company's Zenith fenestrated AAA endovascular graft.

The device, which received the CE mark last month, is used to treat complex AAAs
where access to an adjoining blood vessel must be maintained by the graft to
perfuse vital organs. The company said the system is the first in the world to
incorporate tailored openings or scallops called fenestrations in the top
section of the endograft.

This design breakthrough allows the self-expanding stent-graft to treat aortic
and aortoiliac aneurysms extending close to the renal and superior mesenteric
arteries, which are then stented to reduce the risk of restricting or blocking
critical blood flow to the kidneys and bowel.

Thomas said that each fenestrated device is custom-made to suit the individual
patient's anatomy by Cook's endograft manufacturing division in Australia.

He said the fenestrated AAA graft is a prime example of the kind of opportunity
that only a smaller, agile company like Cook could get off the ground,
particularly since it is privately held and doesn't have to justify its
investment to a host of shareholders.

"I have to deal with essentially one shareholder, the Cook family," he said.

Another interesting product that the company has developed is the Zenith Renu
AAA ancillary graft, which Cook bills as the first medical device specifically
designed for secondary endovascular intervention in patients having received
prior endovascular repair of infrarenal abdominal aortic aneurysms.

The device received FDA approval in August and has been engineered to treat
migrations in either Dacron or ePTFE membrane-based aortic endografts.

The Renu is currently approved for repair of all competitors' devices with the
exception of Boston Scientific's TriVascular system, which is not yet cleared
for sale in the U.S.

According to Thomas, if one looks at the top-selling Aneuryx numbers, the
procedural redo market for AAA endovascular grafts is strong, with that specific
device showing a graft migration rate of between 20% to 30%, with Medtronic
claiming around 50,000 implants to date.

Another area that Thomas noted is still relatively untapped is that of aortic
dissection, one of the most deadly types of aortic diseases. He said the current
medical outcomes in that area are too conservative and certainly don't give good
results over the long term. He said that market is larger than that of aneurysms
in the thoracic aorta.

To repair a leaking aorta and restore adequate blood flow, vascular surgeons
deploy the proximal part of a Cook Zenith TX2 TAA endovascular graft over the
torn section of the thoracic aorta to seal off the tear, allowing blood pumped
from the heart to once again flow through the aorta to the rest of the body.

The Zenith TX2 is approved in Australia and Europe for treating thoracic aortic
aneurysms, dissections and trauma.

Thomas said the company has just completed its Phase II trial for the TX2 and
expects to have the device on the U.S. market in early 2007.

The division also is looking for opportunities to work with companies that
design and build heart valves "to make them compatible with our technology
because going forward," he said, "we see that will become an important
requirement that somebody will need their heart valve replaced and need a repair
of their ascending aorta.".

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                          Copyright 2005 AHC Media LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             222 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                             March 2, 2017 Thursday

Head Line: US Patent granted to P Tech, LLC (Illinois) on February 28, 2017
titled as "Devices and methods for stabilizing tissue and implants"

LENGTH: 178 words

DATELINE: New York


ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no.
9,579,129 on February 28, 2017, to P Tech, LLC (Illinois) titled as "Devices and
methods for stabilizing tissue and implants"

Inventors: Bonutti; Peter M. (Effingham, IL)


Assignee: P Tech, LLC (Effingham, IL) (Illinois)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "An
implant for repairing a joint between a first bone and a second bone includes a
first section constructed of a substantially rigid material and a graft
constructed of soft tissue having a first end and a second end. The first
section has a first end surface configured for positioning against the first
bone. The graft is configured for stabilizing the first section relative to the
first bone. A first fastener is configured for mounting to the graft and the
first section to anchor the graft to the first section. A second fastener is
configured for mounting to the graft and the first bone to anchor the graft to
the first bone."

The patent was filed on March 11, 2014 Application No. 14/204,522


LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             223 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                            January 17, 2017 Tuesday

Head Line: US Patent granted to P Tech, LLC (Illinois) on January 17, 2017
titled as "Devices and methods for stabilizing tissue and implants"

LENGTH: 178 words

DATELINE: New York


ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no.
9,545,268 on January 17, 2017, to P Tech, LLC (Illinois) titled as "Devices and
methods for stabilizing tissue and implants"

Inventors: Bonutti; Peter M. (Effingham, IL)


Assignee: P Tech, LLC (Effingham, IL) (Illinois)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "An
implant for repairing a joint between a first bone and a second bone includes a
first section constructed of a substantially rigid material and a graft
constructed of soft tissue having a first end and a second end. The first
section has a first end surface configured for positioning against the first
bone. The graft is configured for stabilizing the first section relative to the
first bone. A first fastener is configured for mounting to the graft and the
first section to anchor the graft to the first section. A second fastener is
configured for mounting to the graft and the first bone to anchor the graft to
the first bone."

The patent was filed on March 12, 2014 Application No. 14/205,592


LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             224 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                             May 27, 2006, Saturday

City native develops stent graft testing machine

BYLINE: Veronica Nett, veronican@wvgazette.com

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P5B

LENGTH: 499 words


Charleston native Tory Sturgeon and her fiance Todd Schuman presented a
sophisticated sample of internal medicine and space technology to the Charleston
Rotary Club on Friday.

The development of a machine to test stent grafts will allow researchers to test
the wear and tear of the device, similar to how Consumer Reports tests the
durability of backpacks, said Sturgeon, the inventor of the new machine.

Abdominal aortic aneurysm is the 10th leading cause of death in the U.S.
Sturgeon's machine, the first of its kind in the world, will allow researchers
to monitor and improve graft stents - a fabric device used to treat aneurysms -
in a laboratory instead of in animals and humans.

A graduate of Charleston Catholic High School, Sturgeon is pursuing her
doctorate at UC Berkeley. Her father, Jim Sturgeon, is the chairman of the
Charleston Chamber of Commerce, and her mother, Dr. Carolyn Sturgeon, is an
English professor at West Virginia State University.

While the exact cause of aneurysms is unknown, contributing factors are
hypertension, high blood pressure, obesity and heart disease.

Aortic aneurysms force the aorta to balloon and eventually rupture, causing
massive internal bleeding.

To treat a ballooning aorta, doctors insert a fabric graft into the area. Metal
stents press the fabric to the walls of the aorta, holding it in place.

Over time, through normal wear and tear caused by passing blood and movement of
the body, the graft can migrate or leak.

The machine will allow researchers to gather years' worth of information in a
few weeks time, Sturgeon said.

In her research, Sturgeon worked with Professor Omer Savas of UC Berkeley, and
collaborated with the medical institute at UC San Francisco. Her project was
funded by the National Institute of Health.

The machine is the same size as a human aorta. Silicone tubes are used to
simulate the artery, and glycerin, a sugar-based fluid used in lotion and food,
acts as blood. The fluid is pumped through the tubes to simulate a heartbeat.

Schuman presented an overview of a new design for a more cost- and
fuel-efficient Crew Exploration Vehicle, a replacement for the nation's aging
space shuttles.

Schuman received his master's degree from MIT in aeronautical engineering. He
works for Northrop Grumman, which has adopted his space design system. His
design has been submitted to NASA as a successor to the space shuttle.

The design he proposed is based on Apollo-era shuttles, but uses 21st-century
technology. The CEV will enhance mission flexibility, improve astronaut safety,
reduce cost and increase human spaceflight, he said.

Missions will be divided into two launches. A CEV carrying the crew's cargo will
be put into space first, and weeks later another space vehicle with the crew
will be launched. The two will meet and dock in space.

The targeted launch date for the new CEV design is 2012. Crews will join the CEV
at the International Space Station in 2018.

To contact staff writer Veronica Nett, use e-mail or call 348-5100.

LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 Charleston Newspapers


                             225 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      The Meadville Tribune (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 4, 2013 Wednesday

Cautious optimism for burned horse Northstar's recovery

BYLINE: Keith Gushard, The Meadville Tribune, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1519 words


Sept. 04--MEADVILLE -- What a difference a year makes.

At this time last year, Jessie K. Woodworth was horrified when she found one of
her horses -- Northstar -- had been deliberately set on fire by someone, causing
burns to almost half of the horse's body while it was in a pasture near her
home. The horse lost its mane and was burned down his back to his hindquarters,
she said.

Now, Northstar, a 7-year-old horse, is well on the road to recovery due to
specialized care which included skin grafts received from The Ohio State
University's Galbreath Equine Center in Columbus, Ohio, Woodworth said.

These days, Northstar is back in the northwest Pennsylvania area under the care
of a private veterinarian awaiting further grafts once the animal fully recovers
from a bout of pneumonia and an infection contracted this summer. Woodworth
declined to disclose Northstar's location.

Woodworth is calling Northstar's recovery so far from the burns nothing short of
a miracle.

"His head is up. He's alert. He's coping well," Woodworth said. "He's being
allowed to be a horse again."

Northstar's lead veterinarian at Ohio State, Dr. Samuel Hurcombe, agrees the
animal's recovery has been phenomenal.

"Northstar has done amazingly well to have come as far as he has in a year
following a horrific injury," Hurcombe said in an email to the Tribune. Hurcombe
is an assistant professor of equine emergency and critical care veterinarian at
Ohio State. "Northstar has healed well enough that he is able to be outside,
graze, even roll occasionally with minimal disruption to his healing, which for
his mental well-being, is a truly wonderful thing."

Northstar's burns happened in late August 2012 while in Woodworth's pasture in
Athens Township, according to Pennsylvania State Police at Corry. Northstar was
doused with a flammable liquid and set afire sometime between 7 p.m. Aug. 25 and
6 p.m. Aug. 26, state police said.

Trooper Curtis Guntrum, the lead criminal investigator on the case, said no
arrests have been made and he won't comment on specifics of the investigation.

"It's still an active investigation and we're working it pretty much daily,"
Guntrum said, declining additional comment.

Being set on fire caused first-, second- and third-degree burns to approximately
40 percent of Northstar's body.

Northstar was taken Sept. 5, 2012, to the Galbreath Equine Center at Columbus,
Ohio, and put under the care of Hurcombe. Northstar's treatment at Ohio State
University has been paid by an anonymous donor, according to both Hurcombe and
Woodworth.

While appalled at the extent of Northstar's injuries when he arrived, Hurcombe
and other specialists at the Galbreath Center have became cautiously optimistic
about Northstar's chance of recovery over time.

The reason for optimism is Northstar has benefited from the latest therapies in
wound management by the Galbreath Center's team of specialists.

Northstar has had two major skin grafts to help reduce the area of skin and hair
loss resulting from his injury. Northstar also has received a series of minor
skin grafts and cell-based therapy to heal his wounds.

In the cell-based therapy, Northstar's own skin cells, harvested earlier in his
treatment and grown for several weeks in a laboratory, were introduced into his
most severely affected wound areas.

The goal of both the minor skin grafts and cell-based therapy procedures were
the same though the techniques were different, Hurcombe said.

"Grafts are like laying sod for immediate coverage and cell-based therapy is
like planting seeds for growth and eventual coverage," he said. "Though this
type of cell-based therapy has never been done in horses, we don't foresee any
harm as they are his own cells and hopeful we will see good results."

But, the large wound on Northstar's back required major skin grafts and the
horse had exposed bone at the base of its neck as a result of the burns.

Hurcombe worked with Dr. Larry Jones, a human burn specialist at The Ohio State
University Wexner Medical Center, for those large-scale grafts.

The two doctors observed each other's surgeries and studied human and veterinary
medicine journal articles before determining Northstar would need large skin
graft surgeries.

One of the challenges for the large grafts was how deep to set the tool that
would peel off the donor skin, according to Jones.

"We want to take the top layer of skin but we also need a portion of the second
layer, the dermis," Jones said.

After consulting with each other and doing additional research, Jones and
Hurcombe decided to take a skin graft that was about twice as thick as what
would be taken if the patient were human.

The doctors removed ultrathin sheets of skin from Northstar's chest and belly to
use as donor skin and expanded those sheets with a meshing tool before placing
the grafts across the enormous wound spanning the horse's back.

"When the graft takes, the holes will fill in from skin cells growing from the
edges," Jones said.

The wounds were dressed with bandages containing medical-grade silver, which
functions as an antibiotic, to speed healing of the grafts and donor sites.

According to the doctors, the location of Northstar's back wound is tricky to
treat because even with secure bandages from his neck to his tail, the horse
anatomy in the location of the burn is such that Northstar's every movement
slightly disturbs the grafted areas.

Northstar is expected to have additional sheet graft surgeries within the next
year to heal the wound.

To help Northstar cope with the surgeries, the animal is being treated with
gabapentin, a medicine to treat the severe itching and nerve-related pain that
is typical in burn patients as they recover.

"We are extremely pleased with his healing progress but there is more work to be
done," Hurcombe said. "From a welfare standpoint, his psychology is great and
after what he's gone through, the fact that he is still so trusting of people is
pretty amazing."

The doctors hope Northstar will have a complete layer of skin coverage by his
8th birthday in January.

As for Woodworth, she is leaving Northstar's care in the hands of the
veterinarians.

"Things are going so well right now," she said. "We'll let the professionals
handle it. They're the ones that know best."

You can help

A $3,000 reward is being offered for information leading to an arrest and
conviction of those responsible for injuries to Northstar. The Crawford County
Humane Society and the Humane Society of the United States are offering the
reward.

People with information about the injuries to Northstar are asked to contact
Pennsylvania State Police at Corry at (814) 663-2043 or (800) 922-1975.

Northstar Equine Foundation Inc.

Following the injuries to Northstar, the Northstar Equine Foundation was formed
to provide assistance to critically abused, neglected and/or injured animals and
to become a catalyst to strengthen the animal cruelty laws in Pennsylvania. The
volunteer-run organization has applied for tax-exempt status in spring 2013. The
Foundation is registered with the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania Bureau of
Charitable Organizations under certificate No. 42162.

- Donations may be sent to: Northstar Equine Foundation Inc., P.O. Box 3918,
Erie, Pa. 16508.

- More information: Contact Jayne May, president/founder of the Northstar Equine
Foundation, at (814) 868-7963; or by email at northstarhelp@aol.com

- More information online: Visit northstarequinefoundation.org or
facebook.com/NorthstarEquineFoundationInc.

Learn more

Visit osuwmc.multimedianewsroom.tv and search "Northstar" for more information
on the surgery.

Sidebar Other Animal Cruelty Cases

There have been several cases of animal cruelty in eastern Crawford County
within the last 12 months in addition to the Northstar case.

However, Trooper Curtis Guntrum of the Pennsylvania State Police at Corry said
none of the cases apparently are related to each other.

- William E. Daly III, 22, of 125 E. Main St., Titusville, was sentenced in
Crawford County Court of Common Pleas on April 19 to serve four to 12 months in
county jail plus 12 months probation after pleading guilty to one count of
animal cruelty. Daly admitted to leaving a dog alone in a Troy Township home on
Crowther Road in August 2012 without food or water for one and one-half months,
killing the animal.

- A horse and a goat at the Tim Schlabach farm on Route 285 in Fairfield
Township were doused with bright fluorescent paint overnight Sept. 9, 2012. No
arrests have been in the case.

- A female sheep was shot and killed at a Troy Township farm along Mosgrove Road
between 8 p.m. May 18 and 9:30 a.m. May 20 this year, according to state police.
The sheep's owner estimated the ewe's value at about $1,000 since it was used to
produce lambs for market.

- Eric T. St. John, 20, of 40984 Recks Road, Centerville, is scheduled to go to
trial in Crawford County Court of Common Pleas on one count of animal cruelty
for allegedly shooting and wounding his neighbor's Labrador retriever.

___ (c)2013 The Meadville Tribune (Meadville, Pa.) Visit The Meadville Tribune
(Meadville, Pa.) at meadvilletribune.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20130904-XM-Cautious-optimism-for-burned-horse-Northstar-s-recovery-0904-2013090
4

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: XM


                      Copyright 2013 The Meadville Tribune


                             226 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                             May 18, 1991, Saturday

Search for AIDS tissue got late start; Probe begins 5 years after death of first
recipient

BYLINE: By Steve Sternberg Staff writerdisease; human; materials; safety;
public; health; deaths; investigations; government; regulations; reform; tests;
hospitals

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS; SECTION A; PAGE 01

LENGTH: 1374 words


Colorado health officials didn't learn until last month that a donated hip joint
had infected an elderly Denver woman with the AIDS virus - four years after the
woman had first tested positive for the disease, health officials said Friday.

A Medical College of Virginia patient who received a heart from the same donor
died in 1986, while the two recipients of the donor's kidneys died in 1988 and
1990. All had tested positive for the AIDS virus.

Yet none of the cases triggered the search for more than 50 other recipients of
organs and tissues from the same donor or was brought to the attention of the
transplant network until early this month, said Bill Anderson, chief executive
officer of the organ network, LifeNet Transplantation Services, of Virginia
Beach.

"We're trying to figure out how this happened," said Rand Walton, a spokesman
for the Medical College of Virginia in Richmond.

"I'd like an answer to that question," Mr. Anderson said.

The case in which organs and tissues from a 22-year-old Richmond man fatally
shot in 1985 were transplanted into people at 30 hospitals in 16 states,
including Georgia, has spurred an investigation by the Centers for Disease
Control, the Food and Drug Administration and LifeNet.

It has also kindled a national controversy over the early warning system for
AIDS - and the capability of America's transplant networks to overcome a chronic
shortage of life-saving organs while protecting recipients against AIDS.

FDA officials said Friday that the date when the man's tissue was last
transplanted is not known, but LifeNet shipped the last graft to a hospital on
July 1, 1986. Although LifeNet officials said all of the tissues had been used
by 1987, the grafts were labeled suitable for use for five years after they were
processed.

One of the key questions is why Richmond health officials did not recognize that
the donor organs may have been infected with the Human Immunodeficiency Virus
(HIV) - even though three transplant recipients had become infected before they
died.

Mr. Walton said the heart recipient had had multiple transfusions so that
doctors assumed he had been infected through blood transfusions. But the
hospital never checked to confirm that the heart recipient had died of
transfusion-related AIDS, he said.

Dr. Michael Osterholm, director of the Minnesota Department of Health and an
expert on AIDS surveillance, said, "If everyone had done their job at the local
and state levels, they would have found the first case and asked, Why did this
happen?'|"

"When two more cases cropped up, that would suggest the cause wasn't a blood
transfusion during surgery, but the graft itself," Dr. Osterholm said.

Neither CDC nor Food and Drug Administration officials could be reached Friday
for comment on the situation.

By Friday, the organ procurement network had contacted half of the hospitals and
advised them to trace and notify affected patients. Toni Baker, a spokeswoman
for the Medical College of Georgia in Augusta, confirmed that one of the
hospital's patients has received tissue from the donor. "The recipient has been
identified and has asked to come in for follow-up care, which may include HIV
testing and counseling," she said.

The FDA released a statement Friday indicating that "52 tissue grafts from this
donor are believed to have been implanted, including the one involved in the
Colorado case, and two other tissue grafts were destroyed."

Fred Wolf, chief of the AIDS section at the Colorado Department of Public
Health, said the first hint of trouble came in January, when AIDS workers pored
over hospital discharge summaries in a routine check of the state's AIDS
surveillance system.

As part of that investigation, he said, "we found a record of an elderly female
who, as part of her coding, had a record of HIV infection," along with a list of
blood transfusions. But the report was incomplete. "No physician, no patient
age, no confirmatory test," Mr. Wolf said.

In 1987, the state health department did not investigate unconfirmed AIDS tests
because only one person was assigned to AIDS surveillance - and that person was
already swamped with cases, he said.

To resolve the uncertainty, the agency then sought to have the woman - described
as a "70ish woman from metropolitan Denver" - tested again. "We didn't want to
proceed with an investigation if we were barking up the wrong tree," Mr. Wolf
said.

That test was again positive - and so was the confirmatory test.

In April," he said, "we learned that the patient did not receive any
transfusions but did in fact receive tissue - a freeze dried bone - and
contacted the service the body part had come from."

Mr. Anderson said the first call was a tentative query. "We received a call on
April 18th asking a question about the donor's HIV test. We told them he was
negative, and they said they had a recipient who had tested positive - and that
they were checking into it."

The state notified LifeNet by telephone on April 23, and followed the call with
a letter to the organ agency - and the CDC - three days later.

Because the donor was from Virginia, the Colorado health department needed the
help of both agencies because it had no authority to conduct an out-of-state
investigation.

LifeNet, which each year processes organs and tissues from approximately 600
donors, found the donor's blood in the firm's archives almost immediately, Mr.
Anderson said.

Technicians retrieved a sample of the donor's blood and sent it to a private
laboratory for the most sophisticated AIDS test available - one able to detect
minute traces of the virus's genetic material and multiply it millions of times.

While the blood was being tested, Mr. Anderson said, the investigators
discovered that three other patients had died after receiving the man's organs.
"We knew they had died, but we did not know they were infected until the last
few days of our investigation," Mr. Anderson said.

Although the CDC had been notified by the Colorado health officials, the agency
did not call LifeNet to offer to assist in the investigation. Neither did the
FDA. "The CDC didn't call us; we called them," he said. "We called the FDA,
too."

On May 8, LifeNet officials notified the FDA and spent a day trying to determine
who at CDC would investigate the case. "It took a day to reach the right
people," Mr. Anderson said.

Ultimately, LifeNet reached Dr. Scott Holmberg, a CDC epidemiologist in the AIDS
special studies section, who met with FDA and representatives of the firm
Tuesday in Atlanta to devise a strategy for finding and identifying infected
patients.

Dr. Osterholm said notifying them is important for two reasons: "You want to get
back to patients for their own good - and, if they are positive, initiate the
therapies we have available today to improve quality and length of their lives.

"And we know," he said, "that people become more infectious in the course of
their illness - you might get to that person in time to prevent unsuspecting
transmission to someone else.

"This is one of the very reasons we do surveillance - to find these people as
soon as possible."

Dr. Arthur Caplan, director of the University of Minnesota Center for Bioethics,
said the University of Minnesota three months ago launched a study to determine
the rate of AIDS positivity among organ donors, and the percentage of donors who
are lost to fear of AIDS.

Dr. Caplan said fear of AIDS has already had an impact on the nation's organ
donor network - by causing many doctors to shun potential organ donors who they
think may be at risk of the disease.

"Since not everyone is informed on what a high-risk group is, fear is actually
having a deleterious effect on organ transplantation," said Dr. Caplan.

Many recipients of "vital organs" - the heart, lungs, kidneys - would be willing
to risk AIDS for an organ, he said.

"I know a couple of people who have been told that the donor is positive and
they have decided that they want the organs anyway," Dr. Caplan said. "When
you're staring death in the face, the risk of HIV transmission is something
you're more willing to countenance."

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Holding a bottle of bone grafts, Clement Dioh of Cryolife bone
and tissue processing laboratories of Marietta inspects the grafts before
shelving them / W. A. Bridges Jr. / Staff Map: Tracking deadly organs and
tissue; shows location of Denver, Colorado, Richmond, Virginia, and Augusta,
Georgia, where donated organs were transplanted, and recipients have been
identified / Tony de Feria / staff Chart: 3 deaths linked to transplant After
the donor was murdered in 1985, his major organs were given to recipients in
Richmond. Bone and other tissue were sent around the country, including Augusta.
A year later, the first recipient died of AIDS. RICHMOND, VIRGINIA - Heart:
Recipient died in 1986 - Kidney: Recipient died in 1988 - Kidney: Recipient died
in 1990 - Liver: Recipient died (unrelated) AUGUSTA, GEORGIA - Soft tissue:
Recipient has been identified but not tested DENVER, COLORADO - Hip-ball joint:
Recipient tested HIV positive in 1987. OTHER ORGANS AND TISSUE - Bone marrow:
U.S. Navy (not for human use) - Pancreas: Not located but thought to be used for
research Color photo: Scott Bottomfield (left) of LifeNet and Dr. Richard L.
Hurwitz (center), president of the company, discuss their company's role in the
current controversy during a press conference Friday at Virginia Beach / The
Associated Press Illustration: How organ transplant system works (includes six
diagrams and 7 information boxes) / Ken Mowry / staff 1. Victim admitted to
emergency room trauma center. Victim put on life support (respirator) and
examined for chances of recovery. 2. A neurosurgeon, not connected to the organ
transplant network, determines the victim is brain dead. 3. Organ Procurement
Agency is alerted. OPA team meets with medical staff. If OPA proceeds, they ask
the victim's family if they are willing to allow organ donation. Once brain
death is confirmed, OPA makes arrangement on organs. 4. OPA screens donor for
AIDS virus, hepatitus and other infectious diseases. 5. OPA alerts national
network they have available organs, noting blood type and other patient
characteristics. Network computer helps determine who needs the organs on a
priority basis. 6. Surgeons remove organs on a bases of survivability outside of

 the body. Heart or liver is usually first, kidneys and pancreas last.
Respirator is turned off (diagram indicates location of the human heart, liver,
kidneys and pancreas in the body) 7. Organs donated to network. OPA at the
recipient's hospital arranges transportation from network. Storable tissue is
generally kept in local tissue banks. It either is used when needed by local
hospitals, or discarded or used for research.

                    Copyright 1991 The Atlanta Constitution


                             227 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Medical Device Daily

                            November 21, 2005 Monday

Medtronic files first module for Talent thoracic aneurysm system

LENGTH: 916 words


Medtronic files first module for Talent thoracic aneurysm system

By HOLLAND JOHNSON   Medical Device Daily Associate Managing Editor  Medtronic
(Minneapolis) reported that it has submitted its first premarket application
(PMA) module to the FDA for its Talent thoracic stent graft system. The stent
grafts are used to treat thoracic aneurysms, which are dangerous bulges in the
aorta that can rupture without warning.

The Talent device has been commercially available in Europe and other areas
outside the U.S. since 1999 and used in more than 18,000 procedures. It is the
market leader for thoracic stent grafts in Europe, according to Medtronic.

Each year in America, thoracic aneurysms affect about 30,000 people. Patients
typically have no symptoms and, when they are diagnosed, often undergo complex
open surgical repair. Many of these patients have other serious conditions such
as coronary artery disease, high blood pressure or diabetes that make surgical
repair difficult or impossible.

Stent graft therapy is designed to provide a minimally invasive alternative to
the more typical conservative medical management often termed "watchful
waiting,"  with reduced recovery times and potentially improved survival rates.

Medtronic Vascular (Santa Rosa, California) spokesperson Scott Papillon told
Medical Device Daily that while the abdominal aortic aneurysm (AAA) opportunity
is twice as big as that of the thoracic aneurysm in the endovascular space
"Thoracic is still a very big, untreated and unmet need."

The company currently already has an approval in the U.S. for a AAA device with
its AneuRX device.

Minimally invasive therapy involves threading a stent graft through a small
opening in the femoral artery of the leg. The stent is advanced under
fluoroscopic guidance to the site of the thoracic aortic aneurysm or dissection,
where it is then deployed. Once placed in the correct location, the stent graft
expands to fit within the diameter of the aorta and provides a new path for the
blood flow.

Medtronic initiated the 338-patient Vascular Talent Thoracic Stent Graft System
for the Treatment of Thoracic Aortic Aneurysms (VALOR) trial in November 2003
and completed enrollment this past June. This pivotal study is evaluating the
safety and efficacy of the Talent system, with patients followed for one year.

The company said final VALOR results should be available in mid-2006, with U.S.
approval for the Talent system anticipated in late 2006 or early 2007.

If approved, the device would be the second such product to market in the U.S.
for the treatment of thoracic aneurysms, behind W.L. Gore (Flagstaff, Arizona),
whose TAG thoracic endoprosthesis was approved by the FDA this past March.

Papillon noted that Medtronic still is involved in litigation with Edwards
Lifesciences (Irvine, California), which filed a patient infringement suit
against the company in August 2003, alleging that Medtronic's Talent and AneuRx
AAA stents violated an Edwards patent that relates to modular or multi-part
endovascular grafts especially suited for treatment of various types of
aneurysms. Edwards concurrently filed suits against other big companies
including W.L. Gore, and Cook (Bloomington, Indiana).

In Europe, the company already has had its second-generation thoracic device,
the Valiant, earn a CE mark this past spring. The company said that the Valiant
system is more conformable than earlier-generation devices and the new delivery
system enables precise transluminal deployment of the stent graft. It also
offers more size and end configuration options. The Valiant thoracic system also
will offer covered graft lengths of up to 20 centimeters for maximum lesion
coverage and the use of fewer graft segments to complete procedures.

Medtronic also reported last week that the company's board of directors recently
authorized the repurchase of up to another 40 million shares of its common
stock. This amount is in addition to the roughly 5.3 million shares that remain
available to be repurchased under the company's existing repurchase program.

The company also reported that its quarterly earnings rose, bolstered by share
gains in the market for implantable heart devices and a big one-time item. Its
market share for implantable cardioverter defibrillators (ICDs), swelled to
about 55% in 2Q05, the highest ever as ICD sales grew by 34% over a year ago.

Medtronic, the world's largest maker of ICDs, obviously benefited from the
product recalls and other problems rival Guidant (Indianapolis) had with its
ICDs over the summer.

The company also reiterated its financial outlook for fiscal 2006, 2007 and
2008, saying it remains on track to deliver 15% growth for any five-year period.

Medtronic said it expects earnings per share of $2.18 to $2.23 on revenue of
$11.1 billion to $11.6 billion for fiscal 2006.

A favorable resolution of an Internal Revenue Service audit also resulted in a
$225 million tax reversal and tax rate reduction.

Sales in ICDs were $733 million in the latest quarter, up 34% from the year ago
period. Sales of pacemakers were $459 million, up 5% from a year ago.

Sales of spinal products increased 20% to $516 million, while sales in its
vascular business jumped 12% to $225 million.

The company said sales of its Endeavor drug-eluting stent system, which is now
available in 85 countries outside the U.S., generated revenue of $36 million. It
said it remains on track for a U.S. launch in calendar year 2007.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                          Copyright 2005 AHC Media LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             228 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Florida Times-Union (Jacksonville)

                            July 15, 2015 Wednesday

HEALTH NOTES

SECTION: Pg. E-1

LENGTH: 859 words


PROGRAM OFFERED TO REVERSE HEART DISEASE

St. Vincent's HealthCare is offering patients a new program, "Undo It With
Ornish," which is the first program that research suggests can reverse heart
disease.

The program was developed by Dean Ornish, a physician who is president and
founder of the nonprofit Preventive Medicine Research Institute as well as
clinical professor of medicine at the University of California, San Francisco
and a bestselling author.

The Ornish program is reimbursed by Medicare and other commercial payers for
qualified individuals. St. Vincent's will host its first Ornish session on Aug.
17.

Interested patients can call (877) 888-3091 or visit www.jaxhealth.com/UndoIt.

ALLIANCE CAN BOOST TREATMENT OPTIONS

The nation's largest radiation oncology provider, 21st Century Oncology, has
entered into a collaboration with University of Florida Health Jacksonville.

The alliance provides area cancer patients with increased access to leading
chemotherapy treatment options and some of the most advanced cancer-fighting
diagnostic, treatment and clinical trial services.

Patients will continue to receive cancer and hematology care from the same
physician at the same 21st Century Oncology location at 7751 Baymeadows Road E.

Physicians with 21st Century Oncology of Jacksonville are now members of the
medical staff of UF Health Jacksonville.

For more information visit 21stcenturyoncology.com or call (904) 345-2680.

TRANSPLANT PROGRAMS SCORE WELL AT MAYO

The three campuses of the Mayo Clinic, in Jacksonville, Rochester, Minn., and
Scottsdale, Ariz., collectively remain the largest provider of solid organ
transplants in the U.S. and continue to be identified as having patient and
graft survival outcomes that rank among the best in the nation.

According to the Scientific Registry of Transplant Recipients, a national
database of transplant statistics, Mayo Clinic's transplant programs score
statistically better than expected in terms of patient and graft survivals at
the reported time points of one month, one year and three years. Graft survival
means that the transplanted organ is still functioning.

The lung transplant program in Jacksonville was one of two lung transplant
programs in the U.S. with statistically better-than-expected outcomes for
one-year patient and graft survival.

Jacksonville's liver transplant program, with three-year patient and graft
survival rates that also are statistically better than expected, is one of only
four programs meeting this criteria.

Being ranked "statistically better than expected" is considered to be
significant for transplant programs, said David Douglas, director of the
Transplant Program on Mayo Clinic's Arizona campus.

Douglas added that only a very small number of transplant centers - generally
only 1 percent to 5 percent of programs - earn that ranking. Mayo Clinic's three
campuses performed 1,132 solid organ transplants in 2014.

BIOPSIES HELP IN TREATMENT OPTIONS

Clinicians testing the drug dasatinib, approved for several blood cancers, had
hoped it would slow the aggressive growth of the deadly brain cancer
glioblastoma.

However, clinical trials to date have not found any benefit. Researchers at Mayo
Clinic, who conducted one of those clinical trials, believe they know why
dasatinib failed - and what to do about it.

In the online issue of Molecular Oncology, investigators report finding that
dasatinib inhibits proteins that promote cancer growth as expected but that it
also suppresses proteins that protect against cancer.

The findings suggest that pretesting patient biopsies will help identify who may
respond well to dasatinib and who should avoid using the drug, says the study's
senior author, Panos Z. Anastasiadis, chair of the Department of Cancer Biology
at Mayo Clinic in Jacksonville.

Study co-authors include Laura Lewis-Tuffin, Ryan Feathers, Priya Hari, Nisha
Durand and Zhimin Li from Mayo in Jacksonville as well as researches from Mayo
Clinic's Minnesota campus and from Johns Hopkins Hospital in Baltimore.

ARTWORK SHOWCASE FOR PATIENTS

Jacksonville resident Lee Knaus will be one of more than 100 artists living with
cystinosis whose art work will be on display in the traveling "Dream, Achieve,
Inspire" art show, which opens Thursday in Chicago.

Knaus, who was born with the genetic disorder, characterized by the potentially
fatal accumulation of the amino acid cystine within the body's cells, has been
studying glassblowing at Jacksonville University.

Excess cystine damages cells and often forms crystals that can build up and
cause problems in many organs and tissues.

As a result, Knaus has had two kidney transplants and spent 10 years on
dialysis. Cystinosis impacts approximately 2,000 people worldwide.

SENIOR EVENT AT DEERCREEK

A free senior event presented by Education and Resource Expos will be held from
11 a.m.-3 p.m. Tuesday at Deercreek Country Club, 7816 McLaurin Road N.

A variety of activities, presentations, and health screenings will be offered,
along with a marketplace where guests can purchase local products and services
geared especially for the senior community. For more information call (904)
404-7857.

Compiled by Charlie Patton

LOAD-DATE: July 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 The Florida Times-Union


                             229 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              April 4, 2014 Friday

US Patent granted to Spinal Surgical Strategies, LLC (Colorado) on April 01
titled as "Bone graft delivery system"

LENGTH: 226  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 8,685,031, on
April 01, 2014, to Spinal Surgical Strategies, LLC (Colorado), titled as "Bone
graft delivery system"

Inventors:  Kleiner; Jeffrey B. (Denver, CO), Grimberg, Jr.; Edward John
(Golden, CO)

Assignee:  Spinal Surgical Strategies, LLC (Denver, CO)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "The
present invention relates to an apparatus and method for near-simultaneous and
integrated delivery of bone graft material during the placement of surgical
cages or other medical implants in a patient's spine. The integrated fusion cage
and graft delivery device according to various embodiments delivers and
disperses biologic material through a fusion cage to a disc space and, without
withdrawal from the surgical site, may selectably detach the fusion cage for
deposit to the same disc space. The integrated fusion cage and graft delivery
device is formed such that a hollow tube and plunger selectively and
controllably place bone graft material and a fusion cage in or adjacent to the
bone graft receiving area."

The patent was filed on July 22, 2013 Application no.  13/947,255

For more information please visit: http://www.uspto.gov/. In case of any query
regarding this article or other content needs please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             230 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Orange County Register (California)

                           October 20, 2007 Saturday
                                   1 Edition

H.B. official might be leaving;
City Manager Culbreth-Graft is a finalist for the same job in Colorado Springs.

BYLINE: BY CINDY CARCAMO and ANNIE BURRIS; The Orange County Register

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. Obit_B

LENGTH: 424 words

DATELINE: HUNTINGTON BEACH

ABSTRACT

City Manager Penny Culbreth-Graft is one of three finalists for the city manager
job in Colorado Springs, Colo.

FULL TEXT

HUNTINGTON BEACH City Manager Penny Culbreth-Graft, who has been with the city
for more than three years, is a finalist for the same post in Colorado.

Culbreth-Graft is one of three finalists for the position in Colorado Springs, a
city with twice the population of Huntington Beach, said Colorado Springs Vice
Mayor Larry Small.

"I wasn't looking to go, but sometimes in life you find opportunities that suit
you well and you would like to pursue," Culbreth-Graft said Thursday.

She said her career strengths have been working with cities that need drastic
change financially and structurally. She also said that she had brought
significant change to Huntington, including modifying five positions in city
administration and helping the city recover from a condominium conversion
scandal in 2004.

"What I have done is provide a connection, platform and skill set that allows
them to adapt to nearly anything that could come their way," Culbreth-Graft
said.

The news came as a surprise to council members. Culbreth-Graft told some council
members Thursday about her possible departure.

"I am hopeful that she stays," Councilman Don Hansen said. "I am really
satisfied with the work that she has done."

Colorado Springs officials started their recruitment process about three months
ago. They said they first looked at Culbreth-Graft's application three weeks ago
when they chose her and two internal candidates as finalists from a field of 28
applicants, Small said.

Unlike Huntington Beach -- which has virtually no room to grow -- only 50
percent of Colorado Springs is developed.

A major source of employment is the military, which has bases throughout the
area, Small said. More than half the city's 400,000 residents are military
personnel or aerospace defense contractors.

"One of the things that have impressed us was the fact that she has been
involved in a lot of change and a lot of sustainable change," Small said.
"That's really what we're looking for ... is someone who can create change in
our community but make it sustainable."

Culbreth-Graft traveled to meet with city officials Monday and is scheduled to
meet with community panelists next week, Small said.

City officials plan to make their decision in about two weeks and the new city
manager would have to start by Jan. 1.

Colorado Springs' former City Manager Lorne Kramer retired in June after serving
since 1990.

714-445-6688 or  ccarcamo@ocregister.com

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Story

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2007 The Orange County Register (California)
                              All Rights Reserved


                             231 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Medical Device Daily

                             June 16, 2011 Thursday

Product Briefs

LENGTH: 707 words


o Endologix (Irvine, California) received FDA approval for the AFX Endovascular
AAA system, for the treatment of abdominal aortic aneurysms (AAA). The key
features of the AFX System include: Low profile 17Fr introducer sheath - The
entire family of AFX stent grafts, which range in diameter from 13 to 34
millimeters, are delivered through a low profile, hydrophilically-coated 17Fr
introducer sheath. Precise delivery and deployment - The AFX delivery system
features an ergonomic dial mechanism that provides physicians with precise,
controlled stent graft positioning and deployment. Strata expanded
polytetrafluoroethylene (ePTFE) graft - AFX stent grafts are constructed using
Endologix's new Strata graft material. Strata is a durable, highly conformable
material featuring enhanced stent graft sealing technology.

o Ethicon Endo-Surgery (Cincinnati) reported the launch of its Enseal G2 Super
Jaw advanced bipolar technology. The new technology is designed with I-Blade
technology to deliver high uniform compression for sealing vessels consistently
along the length of the 40 mm curved jaw. Ethicon Endo-Surgery says the Enseal
G2 Super Jaw is gentle on tissue because it is designed to control temperature
at the device-tissue interface. A polymer compound within the jaw uses Positive
Temperature Coefficient (PTC) technology to modulate energy flow. It maintains a
constant temperature of approximately 100 degrees Celsius, minimizing tissue
sticking, charring and smoke. In addition, Enseal G2 Super Jaw's offset
electrode design focuses and contains energy within the jaws and minimizes
thermal spread to about 1 mm. Other bipolar devices do not have the PTC and
offset electrode technologies for minimizing energy spread into surrounding
tissue.

o Neurotech North America (Minneapolis) reported the introduction of the Kneehab
XP, a surface neurostimulation system that is designed to strengthen quadriceps
muscles and improve knee stability after surgery. A study published in the June
2011 issue of The American Journal of Sports Medicine demonstrated that the
addition of the Neurotech Kneehab XP Quadriceps Therapy System significantly and
positively impacts patient recovery. The Kneehab XP system is a conductive
garment that features a hand-held controller that delivers stimulation to the
quadriceps area of the thigh. The system is easy to apply and is comfortable for
the patient to wear which results in high levels of patient compliance. Kneehab
is cleared by the FDA and indicated for muscle re-education of the quadriceps,
maintaining or increasing range of motion of the knee joint, preventing or
retarding disuse atrophy in the quadriceps for early post-surgical quadriceps
strengthening, improving post-surgical knee stability secondary to quadriceps
strengthening, and increasing local blood circulation. The Kneehab XP
incorporates Multipath, a breakthrough stimulation technology developed by
Neurotech that stimulates the natural muscle recruitment sequence to maximize
fiber contractions.

o Olympus America (Allentown, PA) presented the results of a study evaluating
the effectiveness of a 3-1 test strip for detecting residual organic soils
remaining in flexible endoscopes after cleaning. The purpose of the product
ChannelCheck, made by Healthmark Industries (Fraser, Michigan) is to test for
three organic soils commonly found in patient-used endoscopes: blood, protein
and carbohydrates. Numerous past studies have demonstrated it is critical in the
reprocessing of a reusable medical device to ensure that the instrument has been
adequately cleaned prior to high-level disinfection or sterilization. A total of
79 Olympus endoscopes were sampled using the specified collection procedure
during the study. According to the ChannelCheck results, after bedside cleaning
but prior to reprocessing 17 endoscopes tested positive for residual protein, 8
endoscopes tested positive for residual carbohydrate and 36 tested positive for
hemoglobin. Each of these endoscopes was then manually cleaned in strict
compliance with manufacturer guidelines and retested using the ChannelCheck test
strips. No endoscopes tested positive for protein, carbohydrate, or hemoglobin
after manual cleaning had been completed.

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                          Copyright 2011 AHC Media LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             232 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 August 18, 1997, Monday, Late Edition - Final

BASEBALL;
Yanks Hold Breath as Cone Suffers Shoulder Soreness

BYLINE: By JASON DIAMOS

SECTION: Section C; Page 1; Column 1; Sports Desk

LENGTH: 972 words


No one could have known what was going through David Cone's mind when he decided
to remove himself from yesterday's 8-0 Yankee victory over the Texas Rangers
before the second inning began.

But plenty of people among the 42,002 fans -- and worried players on and off the
field -- immediately thought the worst when Cone walked off the Yankee Stadium
mound and headed toward the dugout after taking a couple of warm-up tosses.

They feared that Cone had done something to the vein graft that was performed on
May 10, 1996, to repair an aneurysm in his right shoulder. Paul O'Neill, who
watched the scene unfold from right field, said as much later.

Somewhere in the back of Cone's mind, too, was the same thought as he rode with
the team doctor, Stuart Hershon, to Columbia-Presbyterian Medical Center in
Manhattan.

"I really thought it was not related to the vein graft," Cone said upon his
return from the hospital. "But there's always that notion in the back of your
mind, the uncertainty of, 'Hey, I'm not an expert here. Maybe there could be
some sort of relationship.' I don't think there is. I'm pretty well convinced
there is not. But I'm not an expert, so maybe I should defer to the expert."

That would be Dr. George Todd, who led the team of four surgeons that performed
the surgery on Cone. Todd happened to be at the hospital when Cone arrived
yesterday. He and Hershon conducted a preliminary examination in which they
concluded that the pitcher is simply suffering from muscle tightness because of
tendinitis in the shoulder.

Cone did not accompany his teammates last night when they departed for a
nine-day West Coast trip. The ace of the staff will undergo further testing
today, including an ultrasound to check out the vein graft and a magnetic
resonance imaging exam to view the structure of Cone's shoulder and rotator
cuff.

Ordinarily, the preliminary diagnosis that Cone has tendinitis and would miss at
least one start, according to Manager Joe Torre, would not be considered
promising.

But, considering all that Cone has gone through the past two years, the pitcher
said: "It's good news for me. The last thing I want to hear is that there's a
problem with the vein graft, because that's a career ender."

That said, Cone vowed that he would pitch again this year. He insisted he was
not concerned that the soreness he had felt in his last three or four starts was
related to what nearly ended his career last year.

Cone said he asked the doctor what he would feel if the soreness were related to
the vein graft. "And he said, immediately you'll feel a throbbing pain, and your
fingers will go numb again, and there will be a circulatory problem," Cone said.
"And I had none of those signs."

Cone was then asked if he had had any of those signs since the surgery.

"None," he said. "None whatsoever. Today, my pulse was great. My circulation was
fine." He added: "Even as we speak now, I'm not worried about it."

Still, Cone was obviously wary of what might happen if the soreness does turn
out to be a result of a problem with the vein graft.

"If the vein graft comes apart, I'm done," he said. "I may even lose an arm.
Hopefully, we could get into surgery quick enough where they could stop the
internal bleeding, if something like that did happen."

What Cone does not know is when he will pitch again. In his place yesterday,
Ramiro Mendoza (5-5) pitched six shutout innings of two-hit relief, one day
after he had been shelled for three runs in the 10th inning of an 8-5 defeat.

Then, Kenny Rogers came on to close out the game with two scoreless innings and
five strikeouts.

That was impressive, too, considering that Rogers had not pitched in a week and
had almost landed on the disabled list with a bad back before he demonstrated
yesterday morning that he could pitch, turning in a more-than-10-minute side
session in the bullpen. Pitching in a game after doing side work is unusual.

Rogers, meanwhile, was unhappy after being told by reporters before the game
that his next start was then tentatively scheduled for Saturday. Rogers said
that the pitching coach, Mel Stottlemyre, had told him after his workout that he
was pitching in a doubleheader Wednesday. Instead, Torre said the starters would
be Hideki Irabu and Dwight Gooden.

"I don't even try to think along their lines," an exasperated Rogers said. "I
don't even think they know what to do from one day to the next."

Now, the left-hander might wind up starting on Friday, which would have been
Cone's regular turn.

"We're working our way up," said Rogers when told of the latest change in plans.

Rogers said he was more worried about Cone, however. Everybody was.

INSIDE PITCH

One day after acquiring infielder REY SANCHEZ from the Cubs and saying he was
here to back up the struggling second baseman PAT KELLY, the Yankees placed
Kelly on the 15-day disabled list with inflammation of a nerve in his lower left
leg. But, the way Manager JOE TORRE sounded, it was more for a bruised psyche.
"The foot's been bothering him a long time," even when Kelly was playing well,
Torre said. "I asked him this morning how it was and he said it bothers him when
he plays. Then, I asked him how everything else was. I just felt that Pat was
struggling with his confidence right now. Maybe the rest will help the leg and
by the time September starts, we can get him back to how he was when he was
playing well for us." Kelly, who is 4 for his last 27, declined comment. But he
has become a favorite target for Yankee fans as of late, and before the game
Torre said he felt Kelly might be a little sensitive to booing. . . . . Sanchez
went 2 for 4 in his Yankee debut. Tim Raines went 3 for 5 and drove in three
runs. PAUL O'NEILL also drove in three runs and hit a two-run homer into the
upper deck in right.

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: David Cone left the game after pitching one inning yesterday
because of tightness in his right shoulder. (Mary DiBiase Blaich for The New
York Times)(pg. C7)

                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company


                             233 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               India Pharma News

                        May 17, 2016 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

Cardica Announces Positive Results of Long-Term Evaluation of Company's C-Port
System for Vein Grafts in CABG Procedures

LENGTH: 586  words


May 17 -- Positive results of a clinical study of the C-Port Distal Anastomosis
System from Cardica, Inc. (Nasdaq:CRDC) were presented today at the Annual
Meeting of the American Association for Thoracic Surgery (AATS) by Husam Balkhy,
M.D., associate professor of Surgery and director of Robotic and Minimally
Invasive Cardiac Surgery at The University of Chicago's Medicine & Biological
Sciences Division.

The MAGIC (Multicenter Assessment of Grafts in Coronaries) Study, a long-term
post-market evaluation of the C-Port device, examined acute-to-mid-term and
long-term vein graft occlusion rates for coronary revascularization using the
C-Port compared to hand-sewn anastomoses. Patients receiving at least one C-Port
anastomosis during coronary artery bypass grafting (CABG) surgery were enrolled
at eight sites in the United States.

Results of the study indicated that the C-Port device is safe and effective when
used to create the distal anastomosis in CABG surgery, with equivalent patency
rates to hand-sewn grafts at 12 months. "When compared to hand-sewn anastomoses
in a comparable population in a recent large prospective trial, the C-Port
device demonstrated a statistically significant reduction in long-term graft
occlusion rates," Dr. Balkhy said.

Dr. Balkhy has performed an extraordinary number of robotic beating-heart,
totally endoscopic coronary artery bypass, sometimes known at TECAB, procedures
completed with Cardica's C-Port Flex-A - almost 500 since 2008. During these
procedures, Dr. Balkhy has completed over 800 endoscopic anastomoses on the
beating heart with the C-Port Flex-A device.  "About 65 percent of my cases have
been multi-vessel procedures, and this would not be possible on the beating
heart if it were not for the Flex-A device," he said. "C-Port is a breakthrough
approach to performing coronary bypass surgery."

Of the 117 patients enrolled in the MAGIC study (intent to treat population:
ITT), 78 patients with 104 C-Port vein grafts completed the study to patency
assessment via CT scanning (per protocol population: PP). Clinical follow-up and
index graft patency were performed at least 12 months following surgery. The
primary efficacy endpoint was graft patency compared to a performance goal
established using the peer-reviewed results from the PREVENT IV trial, which
studied the efficacy and safety of the E2F transcription factor decoy
edifoligide. The primary safety endpoint was MACE (death, myocardial infarction
or target vessel revascularization) rate at mid-term and long-term (12 months).

The ITT group had an overall mortality at 12 months of 0.8% (1/117) and a MACE
rate of 4.3% (5/117). Only two of these MACE events occurred in patients who
were included in the PP population, and both patients had patent grafts. The
C-Port vein graft occlusion rate was 16.3% (PP population), compared to 26.6% in
the PREVENT IV trial. The C-Port arterial graft occlusion rate was equivalent to
the PREVENT IV trial. There were no significant differences in the occlusion
rate between the C-Port vein grafts, 16.3%, and the hand-sewn vein grafts,
14.9%, within the MAGIC study.

"The results of The Magic Study confirm the innovative success of C-Port, even
in very small coronary arteries," said Julian Nikolchev, president and CEO of
Cardica. "We applaud Dr. Balkhy's dedication to innovation for the benefit of
his patients and are thrilled that C-Port has played an important role in
hundreds of his totally endoscopic coronary artery bypass procedures."

Source: Cardica

LOAD-DATE: May 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2016 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             234 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                    GlobalData - Major Products and Services

                                January 12, 2017

                                Cook Biotech Inc

                             1425 Innovation Place
                              West Lafayette 47906
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
PRODUCTS:

   CBI is a medical device company. Key products offered by the company include
the following: Products:

   Head and Neck:


     ·    Dural Graft
     ·    Extracellular Membrane
     ·    SiS Ophthalmic
     ·    OASIS Wound Matrix


   Torso:


     ·    Staple Line Reinforcement
     ·    Hiatal Hernia Graft
     ·    ECM for Pericardial Closure
     ·    ECM for Cardiac Tissue Repair
     ·    OASIS Wound Matrix


   Abdomen:


     ·    8-Layer Tissue Graft
     ·    Abdominal Lock Graft
     ·    Hernia Graft
     ·    Hiatal Hernia Graft
     ·    Inguinal Hernia Graft
     ·    Staple Line Reinforcement
     ·    Umbilical Hernia Graft
     ·    OASIS Wound Matrix


   Pelvis:


     ·    Anterior Pelvic Floor Graft
     ·    Fistula Plug
     ·    Posterior Pelvic Floor Graft
     ·    Peyronie's Repair Graft
     ·    Tension-Free Urethral Sling
     ·    Vaginal Erosion Repair Graft
     ·    OASIS Wound Matrix


   Arms and Hands:


     ·    OASIS Wound Matrix
     ·    AxoGuard Nerve Protector
     ·    AxoGuard Nerve Connector


   Feet and Legs:


     ·    FISH Introducer
     ·    OASIS Wound Matrix Brands:


   Biodesign


     ·    Dynamatrix
     ·    tarSys
     ·    OASIS
     ·    AxoGuard
     ·    FISH



* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Company Overview                        Events
Investments                             Key Employees
Key Facts                               Major Products and Services
Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2017


                             235 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          December 31, 2014 Wednesday

US Patent granted to Medtronic Vascular, Inc. (California) on December 30 titled
as "Stent-graft delivery system having a rotatable single shaft tip capture
mechanism"

LENGTH: 247  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 8,920,485, on
December 30, 2014, to Medtronic Vascular, Inc. (California), titled as "Stent-
graft delivery system having a rotatable single shaft tip capture mechanism"

Inventors:  Argentine; Jeff (Petaluma, CA)
Assignee:  Medtronic Vascular, Inc. (Santa Rosa, CA)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
stent-graft delivery system includes an elongate shaft, a tip capture spindle
disposed over the shaft, and a distal tip assembly coupled to the distal end of
the shaft. At least one component of the delivery system constrains a stent of
the stent-graft engaged with the tip capture spindle during delivery and
partial-deployment of the stent-graft, and the at least one component is in a
threaded relationship with the distal tip assembly. To fully deploy the stent-
graft, the elongate shaft, having the distal tip assembly coupled thereto, is
rotated to result in longitudinal movement of the at least one component and
thereby release the stent from the tip capture spindle. The at least one
component that longitudinally moves to fully deploy the stent-graft may be the
tip capture spindle and/or a relatively short sleeve that extends over the tip
capture spindle to the distal tip assembly."

The patent was filed on April 13, 2012 Application no. 13/447,107

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             236 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 7, 2013 Saturday

USPTO Published Patent application of Simpirica Spine, Inc titled as "SPINOUS
PROCESS CERCLAGE FOR BONE GRAFT CONTAINMENT"

LENGTH: 264  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an application no.
20130325065, published on December 05, 2013, by Simpirica Spine, Inc, titled as
"SPINOUS PROCESS CERCLAGE FOR BONE GRAFT CONTAINMENT" for the registration of
patent.

Inventors:  Malandain; Hugues; (Mountain View, CA) ; Schwardt; Jeffrey; (Palo
Alto, CA) ; Noll, III; Austin F.; (Palo Alto, CA) ; Bennett; Ian; (San
Francisco, CA) ; Fielding; Louis; (San Carlos, CA)
Assignee:  Simpirica Spine, Inc.
San Carlos
CA

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
system for fusing a spine comprises a flexion limiting tether having a superior
portion, and an inferior portion. The superior portion of the device is coupled
to a superior portion of the spine, and the inferior portion of the device is
coupled to an inferior portion of the spine thereby constraining flexion of the
spine. The system also includes bone graft for fusing the superior and inferior
portions of the spine together. The bone graft is disposed between the superior
and inferior portions of the spine, and the tether has a width suitable for
holding the bone graft in a mass disposed between the superior and inferior
portions of the spine. The tether also has a porosity suitable to allow body
fluids to pass therethrough so that the graft material forms a solid mass."

The Patent was filed on August 9, 2013 under application No. 20130325065

For more information please visit: http://www.uspto.gov/. In case of any query
regarding this article or other content needs please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             237 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                     PR.com

                       July 2, 2016 Saturday 6:30 AM EST

Higher Prevalence of Bone and Joint Disorders to Boost Bone Grafts and Bone
Grafts Substitutes Market to USD 3.1 Billion by 2020

BYLINE: iHealthcareAnalyst, Inc.

LENGTH: 563  words


Maryland Heights, MO,  July 02, 2016 --(PR.com)-- A market research report
published by iHealthcareAnalyst, Inc. estimates, Bone Grafts and Bone Grafts
Substitutes Market - Global Products and Applications Analysis and Forecast
2013-2020, the global bone grafts and bone grafts substitutes market growing at
the rate of 5.3% CAGR and estimated to reach USD 3.1 Billion by 2020 due to
technological advancement and increase in surgical procedures.

Browse Bone Grafts and Bone Grafts Substitutes Market - Global Products and
Applications Analysis and Forecast 2013-2020 at
http://www.ihealthcareanalyst.com/report/bone-grafts-and-substitutes-market/

Modern bone grafts, bone grafts substitutes and bioactive factors attempt to
facilitate and enhance the natural healing process via osteoinductive,
osteoconductive and/or osteogenic mechanisms in suboptimal conditions.
Autologous, allogenic and synthetic substrates contribute to modern fracture
care and bone loss. The bone grafts and bone grafts substitutes market report
provides market size estimates (Revenue USD million - 2013 to 2020) for key
market segments based on product type (demineralized bone matrix allografts, and
bone graft substitutes - bone morphogenic proteins and synthetic bone graft
extenders) and its medical applications (craniomaxilofacial, dental, foot and
ankle, joint reconstruction, long bone, and spinal fusion), and forecasts growth
trends (CAGR% - 2016 to 2020). It also provides the detailed market landscape
and profiles of major competitors in the global market including company
overview, financial snapshot, key products, technologies and/or services
offered, and recent trends in strategic management.

The global bone grafts and bone grafts substitutes market is segmented as:

1. Product Type

1.1. Allografts

1.1.1.Demineralized Bone Matrix (DBM)

1.1.2. Others

1.2. Bone Graft Substitutes

1.2.1. Bone Morphogenic Proteins (BMP)

1.2.2. Synthetic Bone Graft Extenders

1.2.3. Others

2. Application

2.1. Craniomaxilofacial

2.2. Dental

2.3. Foot and Ankle

2.4. Joint Reconstruction

2.5. Long Bone

2.6. Spinal Fusion

2.7. Others

3. Geography (Region, Country)

3.1. North America (U.S., Canada)

3.2. Latin America (Brazil, Mexico, Rest of LA)

3.3. Europe (U.K., Germany, France, Italy, Spain, Rest of EU)

3.4. Asia Pacific (Japan, China, India, Rest of APAC)

3.5. Rest of the World

4. Company Profile

4.1. AlloSource

4.2. Baxter International, Inc.

4.3. DePuy Synthes Companies

4.4. Medtronic plc.

4.5. NuVasive, Inc.

4.6. Orthofix Holdings, Inc.

4.7. Stryker Corporation

4.8. Wright Medical Technology, Inc.

4.9. Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc.

About Us

iHealthcareAnalyst, Inc. is a global health care market research and consulting
company providing market analysis, and competitive intelligence services to
global clients. The Company publishes syndicate, custom and consulting grade
healthcare reports covering animal healthcare, biotechnology, clinical
diagnostics, healthcare informatics, healthcare services, medical devices,
medical equipment, and pharmaceuticals.

iHealthcareAnalyst, Inc. provides industry participants and stakeholders with
strategically analyzed, unbiased view of market dynamics and business
opportunities within its coverage areas.

Contact Us

iHealthcareAnalyst, Inc.

2109, Mckelvey Hill Drive,

Maryland Heights, MO 63043

United States

Email: sales@ihealthcareranalyst.com

Website: http://www.ihealthcareanalyst.com

LOAD-DATE: July 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


               Copyright 2016 PR.com, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             238 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                            January 30, 2017 Monday

Head Line: WIPO PUBLISHES PATENT OF SANFORD HEALTH TITLED AS "BRIDGING STENT
GRAFT WITH COMBINATION BALLOON EXPANDABLE AND SELF-EXPANDABLE STENTS AND METHODS
FOR USE"

LENGTH: 229 words

DATELINE: New York


GENEVA: Publication No. WO/2017/015296 was published on January 26, 2017 by
WIPO.

Title of the invention: BRIDGING STENT GRAFT WITH COMBINATION BALLOON EXPANDABLE
AND SELF-EXPANDABLE STENTS AND METHODS FOR USE

Applicants: SANFORD HEALTH [US/US]; 1305 West 18th Street Sioux Falls, SD 57105
(US)


Inventors: KELLY, Patrick, W.; (US)

According to the abstract published by the World Intellectual Property
Organization on its website: "The present disclosure provides a stent graft
(100) defining a lumen (102) having a first end (104) and a second end (106),
the stent graft comprising (a) a first portion (108) at the first end of the
stent graft having a first diameter (D1) and a first length (L1), wherein a
first stent structure of the first portion is balloon-expandable, (b) a second
portion (112) of the stent graft having a second diameter (D2) and a second
length (L1), wherein a second stent structure of the second portion is
self-expanding, (c) a breakable restraint (116) configured to be coupled to the
second portion in a pre-deployment state and decoupled from the second portion
in a deployed state, and (d) a third portion (120) at the second end of the
stent graft has a third diameter (D3) and a third length (L3), wherein a third
stent structure of the third portion is balloon-expandable."

The patent was filed on 19.07.2016 under Application No. PCT/US2016/042988


LOAD-DATE: January 31, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             239 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                           Manila Times (Philippines)

                            August 13, 2009 Thursday

Lapid extends US stay after failing to meet Obama:Sandiganbayan notes the
senator has pending graft charges filed by former Pampanga vice governor

BYLINE: By Jomar Canlas, Reporter

LENGTH: 409 words


SEN. Manuel "Lito" Lapid is now wishing for a consolation after failing to have
his pictures taken with United States President Barack Obama and this is by
asking Sandiganbayan to allow him to prolong his stay in the US.

In a two-page manifestation with motion for extension, Lapid asked the
Sandiganbayan that his authorized travel to the US be extended from August 15 to
31. Lapid is facing graft charges before the Sandiganbayan.

Lapid along with Enrico Quiambao, former provincial administrator was earlier
charged with graft by former Vice Governor Cielito Macapagal-Salgado of
Pampanga, who alleged that a 40-hectare property acquired by the provincial
government for P104 million in 1997 was only worth P5 million. The said case was
committed when Lapid was still governor of Pampanga.

In a resolution dated November 26, 2006, the graft court ordered a
rein-vestigation into the case upon the request of Lapid and Quiambao who
insisted the real value of the property was P104 million. The two argued that
the purchase price of the property was merely under-declared to evade a higher
transfer tax computation.

In the motion of Lapid, it was stated that he has been invited to meet with
several Filipino organizations in Las Vegas, Nevada, on August 21 to 29 in
commemoration of the Ninoy Aquino Day celebration.

It was also pointed out that Lapid would attend consultative meetings relative
to his membership in the Congressional Oversight Committee on Absentee Voting.

In the motion filed by his lawyer Filmer Abrajano, a one-page manifestation was
attached stating the itinerary for the lawmaker and his wife, showing their
schedule of activities during the extended stay in the US. His political affairs
officer 3 Archie Rivera signed it.

Abrajano said the Sandiganbayan had earlier granted Lapid's authority to travel
to Canada and the United States from July 29, 2009 until August 15, as evidenced
by its July 24, 2009 Resolution.

Lapid left the country on July 29 for Washington, D.C., together with the
official delegation of President Gloria Arroyo who met with the US president.

From July 30 to August 5, Lapid accompanied the President and her entourage to
visit Washington, D.C., New York City and Chicago in the US and Toronto and
Vancouver in Canada.

The senator noted that the records of the case "will show that herein accused
has religiously complied with the conditions set by the Honorable Court during
his previous travels abroad."

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

                       Copyright 2009 News Bites Pty Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                               Global News Bites


                             240 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Austin American-Statesman (Texas)

                            November 11, 2005 Friday

Recall expands for stolen tissue, body parts

BYLINE: Mary Ann Roser, AMERICAN-STATESMAN STAFF

SECTION: METRO/STATE; Pg. B5

LENGTH: 322 words


A recall of tissue grafts at the Blood and Tissue Center of Central Texas is
larger than officials believed last month and included body parts that were
distributed as late as September, the executive director said Thursday.

The recall stems from tissue that might have been stolen from corpses at funeral
homes in New York.

The broadening of the recall is based on a review of records and new information
since the Oct. 27 announcement, Executive Director Marshall Cothran said.

In late October, he said 47 grafts his center distributed during 2003 and 2004
were being recalled. Of those, eight were distributed to Seton Medical Center,
Brackenridge Hospital and Austin Surgical Hospital.

On Thursday, Cothran said additional review showed that 59 grafts were now part
of the recall, including nine that were made by another firm but distributed by
the local tissue center. Of the nine grafts, seven went to local facilities:
Seton Northwest Hospital, South Austin Surgery Center and Texas Orthopedic
Surgery Center.

The recalled tissue was distributed from Oct. 3, 2003, to Sept. 13, 2005,
Cothran said.

The bone parts and other tissue were said to have been obtained without consent
from families and without adequate knowledge of the donors' medical histories,
key information when implanting donated tissue. But because the tissue is
sterilized and tested before use, tissue bank officials and regulators said they
don't think any is unsafe and would have to be removed from patients.

Doctors who implanted the tissue should notify their patients and advise them
about being tested for certain diseases, including AIDS, hepatitis and syphilis.
That notification is not required by law, however.

Four other banks received tissue from Biomedical Tissue Services Ltd. of Fort
Lee, N.J., which has been under investigation by the Food and Drug
Administration and the district attorney in Brooklyn, N.Y.

maroser@statesman.com; 445-3619

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2005 The Austin American Statesman


                             241 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Austin American-Statesman (Texas)

                            October 28, 2005 Friday

Recall at Austin tissue bank;
N.J. firm that supplied center with grafts under investigation in alleged
body-snatching ring

BYLINE: Mary Ann Roser, AMERICAN-STATESMAN STAFF

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 1099 words


The tissue bank that supplies bones, veins and other implants to Central Texans
has issued a recall of 47 grafts after learning that the company that procured
the body parts might have stolen them from corpses at funeral homes in New York.

The Blood and Tissue Center of Central Texas does not think any of the tissue is
unsafe and would have to be removed from patients, who probably got the implants
in 2003 and 2004, tissue center Executive Director Marshall Cothran said
Thursday. The center issued the voluntary recall Oct. 11 for tissue it received
from Biomedical Tissue Services Ltd. of Fort Lee, N.J.

"We are absolutely confident the tissue is safe," Cothran said, saying his
nonprofit tissue bank tested and sterilized all of the grafts.

But the revelations about Biomedical are appalling, he said.

"We're not talking about a bad procedure. We're talking about a crime," Cothran
said. "These families did not donate anything. This was grand theft."

Cothran credited a physician friend in Denver with "stumbling upon" the
discovery and alerting him and other blood banks to the problem.

The district attorney in Brooklyn, N.Y., is investigating the alleged
body-snatching ring and is exhuming corpses that may have had parts removed
without consent from families, according to news reports in New York and New
Jersey. A key figure in the investigation, Dr. Michael Mastromarino, an
ex-dentist who is executive director of Biomedical, did not return a call to the
company Thursday and has an unlisted home number.

The Food and Drug Administration, which regulates tissue banks, announced
Wednesday that it is investigating tissue Biomedical sent to five banks,
including the one in Austin, the only tissue bank serving Central Texas. The FDA
said the tissue may have been implanted from early 2004 through last month, but
Cothran said he could not explain why those dates differed from the ones about
which he is concerned.

All five tissue banks, including LifeCell Corp. of Branchburg, N.J.; Lost
Mountain Tissue Bank of Kennesaw, Ga.; Tutogen Medical Inc. of Alachua, Fla.;
and Regeneration Technologies Inc., also of Alachua, have issued recalls. The
recalls amount to notifications to hospitals and surgeons, who may, in turn,
contact patients.

FDA inspectors have been in Austin for the past week and a half checking
procedures and working with the tissue bank, which sought the agency's advice on
the recall, Cothran said.

The FDA said in a statement that although no bad reactions to tissues were
reported, Biomedical apparently did not screen donors by getting medical
histories. Consequently, "some recipients of the tissues may be at increased
risk of infections," the FDA said.

The agency said the risk was low but it recommended that physicians who
implanted the tissue contact patients and offer testing for HIV-1 and 2, the
viruses that cause AIDS; hepatitis B and C; and syphilis. Physicians are not
required by law to contact patients.

Cothran said just eight of the 47 grafts from the local tissue center went to
hospitals in Austin: Seton Medical Center, Brackenridge and Austin Surgical.
Most of the rest went to hospitals and other tissue distributors in Texas,
including ones in Victoria, Texarkana and Houston, said Cari Unger, director of
quality assurance and regulatory affairs for the Austin tissue bank.

Those 47 bone and tendon grafts, valued at $26,368, were among 16,000 to 17,000
tissues distributed by the Austin bank during the two-year period, Cothran said.

The tissue bank obtains its own tissue for processing and did little business
with Biomedical, Cothran said, and by 2005, it didn't distribute any tissue from
that company. If people had infections or problems with the Biomedical grafts,
they probably would know by now, he said.

Cothran said he was grateful to Dr. Michael Bauer, associate medical director of
Bonfils Blood Center in Denver, for discovering that something was wrong at
Biomedical and alerting the bank in Austin.

Bauer, who got involved with tissue banking as an ordained minister because it
helps grieving families, also does part-time consulting work for LifeCell, one
of the five banks that received tissue from Biomedical. Bauer said he reviews
medical charts of donors and had a question that could be easily resolved with a
call to a doctor.

But when he called the doctor listed on the chart provided by Biomedical, he got
a business that had nothing to do with doctors. He had a stack of Biomedical's
charts on his desk and "got this intuitive feeling" to call of the rest of the
doctors. All of the numbers were other businesses, fax machines or wrong
numbers, he said. The next morning, he called the next of kin of the tissue
donors and had a similar result.

"When I was finished, I was trembling," Bauer said.

He called LifeCell on Sept. 22 and told the company what he had found. A few
days later, he called Austin.

Neither Bauer nor Cothran think that any other tissue-providing company is doing
what Biomedical is alleged to have done. Mastromarino, Biomedical's director,
had direct access to the funeral homes and was filling out the donor consent
forms and procuring the tissue, Bauer said. That was unusual.

"Dr. Mastromarino is accusing the funeral homes of approaching the families and
saying they misled him," Bauer said. "He told me he was contacting the families.
He said he was personally calling them."

Bauer said he was shocked to read news reports that the district attorney's
office had been investigating the alleged body-part stealing for 18 months. The
New York Daily News reported that at least six funeral homes were involved.

"It's unconscionable to me that no one notified anyone," Bauer said. The tissue
sales could have been halted, and the Austin tissue banks and others would not
have distributed the bones and other parts, had they known, he said.

Cothran said his bank "will no longer accept or process any donor" that it did
not procure on its own. "We have not accepted any donors from any outside source
other than those few that were received" from Biomedical, he said.

Cothran could not remember a previous tissue recall but said the center had
issued blood recalls, including one earlier this year when a potential donor
tested positive for HIV. Although that blood wasn't used, a check of records
showed the man had donated six months earlier and tested negative. The recipient
of that blood was tested and was HIV-free, Cothran said.

The tissue bank now has a link from its Web site about the recall at
www.bloodandtissue.org under "Breaking News."

maroser@statesman.com; 445-3619

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The Blood and Tissue Center of Central Texas, which supplies such parts
as bone pieces, recalled 47 grafts that were obtained from a business accused of
taking body parts without consent from families.
Monica Guzman, director of technical services for tissue at the Blood and Tissue
Center of Central Texas, shows a sample of bone that is similar to the 47
recalled grafts.
Michael Mastromarino: Director of New Jersey tissue provider under
investigation.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2005 The Austin American Statesman


                             242 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Journal-News (Hamilton, Ohio)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           February 13, 2016 Saturday

Local educator tapped as Butler Tech's next leader

BYLINE: Michael D. Clark, Journal-News, Hamilton, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 547 words


Feb. 13--FAIRFIELD TWP. -- A local educator has been tapped by Butler Tech
officials to be that career school's next superintendent.

The Journal-News was the first to learn that Jon Graft, superintendent of the
Butler County Educational Service Center, has been named as a finalist by the
governing board of Butler Tech.

Graft, a former teacher and principal, has worked in a variety of Butler County
school systems since 1993.

The selection of Graft was a high-stakes decision for the career school, which
is one of the largest in Ohio, coming in the wake of school, community and
business officials calling for more partnerships with expanding health care
centers and industries.

"The board is unanimous that Jon is the right person to lead Butler Tech into
the future," Pete Robinson, president of the Butler Tech Board of Education said
Friday. "Jon is ready to work with our staff, our students and their families,
and the local business community to ensure that Butler Tech delivers the best
educational experiences and workforce services."

The board is scheduled to vote on Graft's hiring at its Tuesday meeting.

A Monroe resident, Graft said "business leaders, elected officials and educators
are gaining a deeper appreciation every day just how important career technical
education will be in preparing students for the jobs of tomorrow."

"Butler Tech has been a longtime innovator in career tech, and I'm excited to
join the staff in developing a vision that the entire community can rally
around," said Graft.

Graft replaces Bill Miller as permanent superintendent for Butler Tech. Miller
retired Jan.1 and was replaced by Interim Superintendent Laura Sage, a former
administration official with Butler Tech.

Butler Tech serves 27,000 full- and part-time high school and adult students on
five campuses throughout the county and is one of only three, publicly funded
career schools in Southwest Ohio.

Graft was one of three remaining superintendent candidates out of an original
pool of 15.

Joel Anderson, superintendent of Hamilton County's Reading Schools and Celena
Roebuck, superintendent of Cuyahoga Valley Career Center in northern Ohio, were
also being considered.

Graft has more than two decades of experience in education, most recently
serving as the Superintendent of the Butler County Educational Service Center
(ESC) and Interim Superintendent of the New Miami Local School District.

His previous roles with the Butler County ESC include Assistant Superintendent
and Executive Director of Preschool Programs. He has also served as a principal
at Creekview Elementary (Middletown City Schools), Madison Intermediate School
(Madison Local Schools) and Madison Junior School (Madison Local Schools). Graft
started his teaching career at Madison Junior School in 1993.

Graft earned a bachelor of science in education at Bowling Green State
University and a master of education administration at the University of Dayton.
He is a member of the Southwest Ohio Computer Association (SWOCA) Executive
Committee, the Miami University Education Health and Society Advisory Board and
the Great Miami Valley YMCA Board of Trustees.

___ (c)2016 the Journal-News (Hamilton, Ohio) Visit the Journal-News (Hamilton,
Ohio) at www.journal-news.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20160213-HL-Local-educator-tapped-as-Butler-Tech-s-next-leader-0213-20160213

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HL


                        Copyright 2016 The Journal-News


                             243 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Journal-News (Hamilton, Ohio)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            February 12, 2016 Friday

Local educator tapped as Butler Tech's next leader

BYLINE: Michael D. Clark, Journal-News, Hamilton, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 547 words


Feb. 12--FAIRFIELD TWP. -- A local educator has been tapped by Butler Tech
officials to be that career school's next superintendent.

The Journal-News was the first to learn that Jon Graft, superintendent of the
Butler County Educational Service Center, has been named as a finalist by the
governing board of Butler Tech.

Graft, a former teacher and principal, has worked in a variety of Butler County
school systems since 1993.

The selection of Graft was a high-stakes decision for the career school, which
is one of the largest in Ohio, coming in the wake of school, community and
business officials calling for more partnerships with expanding health care
centers and industries.

"The board is unanimous that Jon is the right person to lead Butler Tech into
the future," Pete Robinson, president of the Butler Tech Board of Education said
today. "Jon is ready to work with our staff, our students and their families,
and the local business community to ensure that Butler Tech delivers the best
educational experiences and workforce services."

The board is scheduled to vote on Graft's hiring at its Tuesday meeting.

A Monroe resident, Graft said "business leaders, elected officials and educators
are gaining a deeper appreciation every day just how important career technical
education will be in preparing students for the jobs of tomorrow."

"Butler Tech has been a longtime innovator in career tech, and I'm excited to
join the staff in developing a vision that the entire community can rally
around," said Graft.

Graft replaces Bill Miller as permanent superintendent for Butler Tech. Miller
retired Jan.1 and was replaced by Interim Superintendent Laura Sage, a former
administration official with Butler Tech.

Butler Tech serves 27,000 full and part-time high school and adult students on
five campuses throughout the county and is one of only three, publicly funded
career schools in Southwest Ohio.

Graft was one of three remaining superintendent candidates out of an original
pool of 15.

Joel Anderson, superintendent of Hamilton County's Reading Schools and Celena
Roebuck, superintendent of Cuyahoga Valley Career Center in northern Ohio were
also being considered.

Graft has more than two decades of experience in education, most recently
serving as the Superintendent of the Butler County Educational Service Center
(ESC) and Interim Superintendent of the New Miami Local School District.

His previous roles were with the Butler County ESC include Assistant
Superintendent and Executive Director of Preschool Programs. He has also served
as a principal at Creekview Elementary (Middletown City Schools), Madison
Intermediate School (Madison Local Schools) and Madison Junior School (Madison
Local Schools). Graft started his teaching career at Madison Junior School in
1993.

Graft earned a bachelor of science in education at Bowling Green State
University and a master of education administration at the University of Dayton.
He is a member of the Southwest Ohio Computer Association (SWOCA) Executive
Committee, the Miami University Education Health and Society Advisory Board and
the Great Miami Valley YMCA Board of Trustees.

___ (c)2016 the Journal-News (Hamilton, Ohio) Visit the Journal-News (Hamilton,
Ohio) at www.journal-news.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20160212-HL-Local-educator-tapped-as-Butler-Tech-s-next-leader-0212-20160212

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HL


                        Copyright 2016 The Journal-News


                             244 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                             March 2, 2017 Thursday

Head Line: US Patent granted to GLOBUS MEDICAL, INC. (Pennsylvania) on February
28, 2017 titled as "Graft delivery system and methods thereof"

LENGTH: 167 words

DATELINE: New York


ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no.
9,579,137 on February 28, 2017, to GLOBUS MEDICAL, INC. (Pennsylvania) titled as
"Graft delivery system and methods thereof"

Inventors: Klimek; Jennifer (King of Prussia, PA), Adams; Allison (Philadelphia,
PA), Laskowitz; Daniel (Lancaster, PA)


Assignee: GLOBUS MEDICAL, INC. (Audubon, PA) (Pennsylvania)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "The
present invention relates to minimally invasive graft delivery systems and
devices. The systems and devices provide a means to deliver graft material
minimally invasively, such as to a spacer within a disc space. A particular
system can include a cannula, a syringe and an extrusion tool. The extrusion
tool can be used to extrude material from the cannula and syringe, and can have
multiple modes of operation to accommodate the extrusion of materials of
different viscocities."

The patent was filed on August 5, 2014 Application No. 14/451,653


LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             245 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             January 5, 2015 Monday

USPTO Published Patent application of Neograft Technologies, Inc. titled as
"Kink Resistant Graft Devices and Related Systems and Methods"

LENGTH: 177  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an application no.
20150005869, published on January 01, 2015, by Neograft Technologies, Inc.,
titled as "Kink Resistant Graft Devices and Related Systems and Methods" for the
registration of patent.

Inventors:  Soletti; Lorenzo; (Pittsburgh, PA) ; McGrath; Jon; (Duxbury, MA) ;
El-Kurdi; Mohammed S.; (Pittsburgh, PA) ; Flaherty; J. Christopher; (Auburndale,
FL)
Assignee:       Neograft Technologies, Inc.
Taunton
MA
US

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
graft device including a conduit and a fiber matrix surrounding the conduit for
a mammalian patient is disclosed. The graft device further includes a kink
resisting element such that the graft device is configured to reduce kinking.
Methods and systems for creating kink resistant graft devices are also
provided."

The Patent was filed on February 14, 2013 under application No. 20150005869

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             246 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 2, 2014 Tuesday

USPTO Published Patent application of TRIVASCULAR, INC. titled as "SYSTEM AND
METHOD OF PIVOTED STENT DEPLOYMENT"

LENGTH: 196  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an application no.
20140350656, published on November 27, 2014, by TRIVASCULAR, INC., titled as
"SYSTEM AND METHOD OF PIVOTED STENT DEPLOYMENT" for the registration of patent.

Inventors:  ZACHARIAS; Isaac J.; (Santa Rosa, CA) ; ARISTIZABAL; Diego; (Santa
Rosa, CA) ; MOHN; Michael; (Maple Grove, MN) ; CHOBOTOV; Michael V.; (Santa
Rosa, CA)
Assignee:  TRIVASCULAR, INC.
Santa Rosa
CA

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "The
invention provides a stent-graft system comprising a graft member and a stent
having a connection end interconnected with the graft member and a free end
opposed thereto. A belt retaining structure is provided at the stent free end. A
belt is releasably retained in the belt retaining structure and is configured to
constrain the stent free end independent of the stent connection end. A method
of securing at least one end of a stent-graft within a vessel is also provided."

The Patent was filed on August 5, 2014 under application No. 20140350656

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             247 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Medical Device Daily

                             April 22, 2008 Tuesday

Product Briefs

LENGTH: 463 words


Product Briefs

o Illumina (San Diego) has launched the iScan system, a scanner that provides
researchers conducting genotyping and gene expression studies with more
throughput and enhanced automation.  The iScan is a high-resolution scanner that
supports imaging of Illumina's BeadChip-based genetic analysis products. Using
sub-micron resolution, assay automation, and laboratory information management
systems options, researchers can produce up to 225 million genotypes per day.
Illumina also introduced the HumanHT-12 BeadChip, a 12-sample product designed
to accelerate whole genome expression and expression-based Quantitative Trait
Loci (eQTL) studies. "The HumanHT-12 BeadChip will enable high-throughput,
whole-genome expression and eQTL analysis at exceptional price points. Along
with the HumanWG-6, which offers the industry's highest-quality whole-genome
expression data, the HumanHT-12 will provide gene-expression researchers with
the most flexible and cost-effective screening tool," the company said. Illumina
makes products for the analysis of genetic variation and biological function.

o Maquet Cardiovascular (San Jose, California) reported the launch of the
Heartstring III proximal seal system for coronary artery bypass surgery
procedures. This latest version of Maquet's proximal seal technology helps
surgeons perform coronary artery bypass grafts without the use of a partial
occlusion clamp during beating-heart surgery. The Heartstring III features an
improved seal loader and delivery device, the company said. Once deployed, it
maintains a low compliant profile for optimal hemostasis at the anastomotic
site. With this device, surgeons have the option to perform distal or proximal
grafts first and to use grafts of varying lengths, hooded grafts and angled
take-offs. Maquent Cardiovascular, a division of Maquent Medical Systems, makes
patient-care solutions for less-invasive endoscopic vessel harvesting, off- and
on-pump coronary artery bypass surgery, and vascular grafts.

o Medtronic (Minneapolis) reported the U.S. launch of its Activa DBS patient
referral advisor software, designed to help neurologists identify patients with
Parkinson's disease who could potentially benefit from a referral to a DBS
center or implanter for evaluation for deep brain stimulation (DBS) therapy. The
Activa DBS helps physicians identify those patients most appropriate for a
referral to a DBS center or implanter for evaluation for DBS. The software was
designed with the input of nine expert neurologists who rated more than 900
hypothetical patient profiles, assigning each profile an appropriateness rating
for DBS referral. The software is programmed to generate an appropriateness
score for any given patient based upon this database of expert opinion.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                          Copyright 2008 AHC Media LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             248 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                           November 12, 2016 Saturday

Schallenberger; Mark (Montana) applies for US Patent titled as "OXYGEN
SCAVENGING TISSUE GRAFT WITH ENHANCED REGENERATIVE CAPACITY AND METHOD OF
MANUFACTURE THEREOF"

LENGTH: 157 words

DATELINE: New York


ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an
application no. 20160325020 for US Patent, published on November 10, 2016, by
Schallenberger; Mark (Montana), titled as "OXYGEN SCAVENGING TISSUE GRAFT WITH
ENHANCED REGENERATIVE CAPACITY AND METHOD OF MANUFACTURE THEREOF"  for the
registration of patent.



Inventors: Schallenberger; Mark; (Bozeman, MT)

Applicant: Schallenberger; Mark    Bozeman   MT   US (Montana)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "The
invention relates to a biocompatible, oxygen scavenging tissue graft for repair
and regeneration of tissue injury. The oxygen scavenging tissue graft induces a
transient, local hypoxic environment that induces the surrounding tissue to
upregulate endogenous pro-angiogenic growth factors to enhance the regenerative
capacity of the tissue graft and aid in the healing of the tissue injury once
the graft is implanted into a host."


LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             249 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 20, 2014 Saturday

US Patent granted to Smith & Nephew, Inc (Tennessee) on September 16, titled as
"Attachment device to attach tissue graft"

LENGTH: 233  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 8,834,523, on
September 16, 2014, to Smith & Nephew, Inc (Tennessee), titled as "Attachment
device to attach tissue graft"

Inventors:  Ferragamo; Michael Charles (Foster, RI), Wyman; Jeffrey (Naples, FL)

Assignee:  Smith & Nephew, Inc. (Memphis, TN)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
tissue graft attachment device includes a platform member including a leading
edge and a trailing edge connected to the leading edge by a pair of sides. The
platform member defines a pair of slots extending along a longitudinal axis
passing between the leading edge and the trailing edge, and an opening between
the pair of slots and the leading edge. The device includes a first suture
passing through the opening, a second suture passing through one of the slots,
and an attachment member passing through the pair of slots to form a loop. A
method for attaching a tissue graft includes providing the tissue graft
attachment device, forming a bone tunnel, pulling on the first suture to pull
the platform member through the bone tunnel, and pulling on the second suture to
position the platform member on the bone tunnel."

The patent was filed on September 29, 2011 Application no. 13/248,635

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             250 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 24, 2014 Wednesday

USPTO Published Patent application of KCI Licensing, Inc titled as "Absorbent
Substrates For Harvesting Skin Grafts"

LENGTH: 203  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an application no.
20140277454, published on September 18, 2014, by KCI Licensing, Inc, titled as
"Absorbent Substrates For Harvesting Skin Grafts" for the registration of
patent.

Inventors: Locke; Christopher Brian; (Bournemouth, GB) ; Robinson; Timothy Mark;
(Basingstoke, GB) ; Harper; John R.; (Boerne, TX)
Assignee:   KCI Licensing, Inc.
San Antonio
TX


According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office:
"Methods and devices for management of fluids during skin graft transplantation
are disclosed. In one aspect of the invention, absorbent substrates for
transplanting skin grafts are disclosed having a surface adapted to contact at
least one excised skin graft and engage said graft for removal from a donor
site; a sealing member at least partially surrounding an absorbent material
disposed within the enclosure; wherein at least a portion of the skin-contacting
surface is porous and in fluid communication with the absorbent layer to capture
fluids."

The Patent was filed on March 14, 2014 under application No. 20140277454

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             251 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                           February 2, 2017 Thursday

GREYF; Arthur (New Jersey) applies for US Patent titled as "METHOD FOR 3-D
PRINTING A CUSTOM BONE GRAFT"

LENGTH: 179 words

DATELINE: New York


ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an
application no. 20170024501 for US Patent, published on January 26, 2017, by
GREYF; Arthur (New Jersey), titled as "METHOD FOR 3-D PRINTING A CUSTOM BONE
GRAFT"  for the registration of patent.



Inventors: GREYF; Arthur; (Millburn, NJ) ; BALAKO; Irina; (West Windsor, NJ)

Applicant: GREYF; Arthur Millburn NJ (New Jersey)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
method for producing bone grafts using 3-D printing is employed using a 3-D
image of a graft location to produce a 3-D model of the graft. This is printed
using a 3-D printer and a printing medium that produces a porous, biocompatible,
biodegradable material that is conducive to osteoinduction. For example, the
printing medium may be PCL, PLLA, PGLA, or another approved biocompatible
polymer. In addition such a method may be useful for cosmetic surgeries,
reconstructive surgeries, and various techniques required by such procedures.
Once the graft is placed, natural bone gradually replaces the graft."


LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             252 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               India Pharma News

                       June 21, 2016 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

AxoGen's Avance Nerve Graft Data to be Presented at 2016 Federation of European
Societies for Surgery of Hand International Congress

LENGTH: 853  words


June 21 -- AxoGen, Inc. (NASDAQ:AXGN), a leader in developing and marketing
innovative surgical solutions for peripheral nerve injuries, today announced the
acceptance of four presentations at the Congress of the Federation of European
Societies for Surgery of the Hand (FESSH) related to use of Avance Nerve Graft,
including data from the RANGER Registry.  The data to be presented highlights
that sensory and motor recovery outcomes from Avance Nerve Graft repairs, in
this group of patients, were found to compare favorably with autograft (nerve
transplanted from the patient's own body).  The data contained mixed nerve
injuries up to 70 mm repaired with either Avance Nerve Graft or autograft and
both reported outcomes with greater than 85% meaningful recovery.

In addition to these scientific presentations, the FESSH congress, held June
22-25, 2016 at the Santander Exhibition Center in Santander, Spain, will feature
two peripheral nerve repair pre-courses, a panel discussion on peripheral nerve
repair and AxoGen's full portfolio of nerve repair products at FESSH Booth 8.

"We are pleased to see the presentation of clinical and scientific data at this
year's FESSH conference supporting the role of Avance Nerve Graft as a repair
alternative for major nerve repairs," stated Karen Zaderej, AxoGen's President
and Chief Executive Officer. "We believe surgeons gain confidence in our new
technologies and convert their surgical decisions with increasing awareness of
data and thoughtful peer-to-peer discussions.  These initiatives reinforce
AxoGen's position as the preeminent choice for peripheral nerve repair surgery."

The presentation details for the FESSH conference are as follows:

Tuesday, June 21, 2016

AxoGen Sponsored Pre-Course: Multidisciplinary Peripheral Nerve Disorders.
Directors and Lecturers: Joaquim Casanas, Manuel Llusa, Victor Mayoral, A.
Isabel Fernandez Conejero, A. Turon, Ivan Ducic, Jordi Serra, Gregory Buncke.

Wednesday, June 22, 2016

AxoGen Sponsored Pre-Course: Advances & Best Practices In Upper Extremity Nerve
Repair.  Faculty: Gregory Buncke, MD, The Buncke Clinic; Joaquim Casanas, MD,
Centro Medico Teknon; Ivan Ducic MD, PhD, Nerve and Headache Institute; Bauback
Safa MD, MBA, The Buncke Clinic; and Peter Evans, MD, PhD, FRCSC, Cleveland
Clinic.

Thursday, June 23, 2016

AxoGen Panel Discussion: Advances in Nerve Repair & Regeneration. Faculty:
Joaquim Casanas, MD, Centro Medico Teknon; Bauback Safa MD, MBA, The Buncke
Clinic; Peter Evans, MD, PhD, FRCSC, Cleveland Clinic, and Erick DeVinney,
AxoGen.

Scientific presentation: A-0590 Comparison of Outcomes from Mixed Nerve
Reconstructions in the Upper Extremity with Processed Nerve Allografts and Nerve
Autograft from a National Registry Study. Authors:  Bauback Safa, MD, MBA, Jason
Ko, MD, Harry Hoyen, MD, Wesley Thayer, MD, Gregory Buncke, MD; The Buncke
Clinic, San Francisco, USA; University of Washington, Seattle, USA; MetroHealth
System, Cleveland, USA; Vanderbilt University Medical Center, Nashville, USA.

Scientific presentation: A-0592 Characterization of Processed Human Nerve
Allograft with an Organotypic Neurite Outgrowth Measurement. Authors: Jennifer
Faleris, Erick DeVinney, Curt Deister, PhD; AxoGen.

Scientific presentation: A-0594 Outcome Assessment by Gap Length of Digital
Nerve Gap Reconstructions with Processed Nerve Allografts and Manufactured Tube
Conduits from a National Registry Study. Authors: Bauback Safa, MD, MBA, Jason
Ko, MD, Harry Hoyen, MD, Wesley Thayer, MD, Gregory Buncke, MD; The Buncke
Clinic, San Francisco, USA; University of Washington, Seattle, USA; MetroHealth
System, Cleveland, USA; Vanderbilt University Medical Center, Nashville, USA.

Scientific presentation: A-0641 Novel Methodology for Automated Quantification
and Assessment of Bioactive Laminin Endoneurial Tube Scaffolding in Peripheral
Nerve Repair Implants.

Authors: Erick DeVinney, Jennifer Faleris, Curt Deister, PhD; AxoGen

About the RANGER Study

The RANGER Study, A Multicenter Retrospective Study of Avance Nerve Graft
Utilization Evaluations and Outcomes in Peripheral Nerve Injury Repair is an
active, multicenter clinical database with 18 contributing centers designed to
continuously monitor and collect injury, repair, safety and outcomes data for
peripheral nerve injuries repaired with processed nerve allograft (Avance Nerve
Graft), nerve autograft and synthetic tubes. As of May 2016, the study included
more than 850 nerve repairs enrolled across 18 centers and 48 surgeons. The
RANGER Study is an AxoGen sponsored ongoing open label registry study. Each
patient outcome is dependent upon the nature and extent of nerve loss or damage,
timing between nerve loss and repair and the natural course of the patient's
recovery. Results presented at the FESSH meeting may not represent typical
clinical outcomes for individual patients.

About FESSH 2016

FESSH 2016 Congress is the key annual conference organized by the Federation of
European Societies for Surgery of the Hand (FESSH), focused on hand, wrist and
microsurgery. For more information on the conference, please visit
www.fessh2016.com

Source: AxoGen

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2016 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             253 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                            November 11, 2016 Friday

NEOGRAFT TECHNOLOGIES, INC. (Massachusetts) applies for US Patent titled as
"SELF-DIAGNOSTIC GRAFT PRODUCTION SYSTEMS AND RELATED METHODS"

LENGTH: 213 words

DATELINE: New York


ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an
application no. 20160325480 for US Patent, published on November 10, 2016, by
NEOGRAFT TECHNOLOGIES, INC. (Massachusetts), titled as "SELF-DIAGNOSTIC GRAFT
PRODUCTION SYSTEMS AND RELATED METHODS"  for the registration of patent.



Inventors: SOLETTI; Lorenzo; (Pittsburgh, PA) ; MCGRATH; Jon; (Duxbury, MA) ;
FLAHERTY; J. Christopher; (Auburndale, FL)

Applicant: NEOGRAFT TECHNOLOGIES, INC.   Taunton   MA   US (Massachusetts)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "In
some aspects, a system for producing a graft device can include a rotating
assembly, a polymer delivery assembly, a controller and a diagnostic assembly.
The rotating assembly can be constructed and arranged to rotate a tubular
conduit. The polymer delivery assembly can be constructed and arranged to
receive a polymer and deliver a fiber matrix comprising the polymer about the
tubular conduit. The controller can be constructed and arranged to control the
polymer delivery assembly and the rotating assembly. The diagnostic assembly can
be constructed and arranged to detect an undesired state of at least one of the
system or the graft device. Methods for producing a graft device are also
provided."


LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             254 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               India Pharma News

                      February 3, 2013 Sunday 6:30 AM EST

Williamsburg, VA Dentist, Dr. Michael Schroer Now Accepting New Bone Graft
Patients Needing Jaw Bone Restoration Prior to Dental Implant Surgery

LENGTH: 259  words


New Delhi, Feb. 3 -- Dr. Michael Schroer combines dental surgery and bone
grafting techniques to replace missing teeth for local patients and is looking
to expand his patient base across Virginia. Teeth can be lost through injury,
trauma, decay or gum disease. A dental implant is an excellent option to replace
missing teeth. However, if there is not enough existing bone to support the
implant, a bone graft may be necessary.



Dr. Schroer can select from three different types of bone graft procedures to
augment or replace bone. Autogenous grafts use bone that is taken from the
patient's own body to transplant to the mouth. This reduces problems with
rejection, but it does require a second surgery site for the patient. The
Allografts use human bone that has been donated to bone banks. This type of bone
is very carefully tested and screened. Xenografts utilize bone from a non-human
donor, such as a cow.

Under local anesthesia, the graft site is prepared to receive the selected graft
material. It is stabilized in the jaw and allowed to heal with the surrounded
bone to create an adequate site for implant placement. This can require six to
nine months of healing time.

When the bone graft heals it creates a solid base for the dental implant. The
implant can be used to hold a crown or to support dentures. People who are
suffering from bone loss because of missing teeth can still receive implants
after undergoing a bone grafting procedure. To learn more about bone loss,
dental surgery and implants, visit http://www.williamsburgperiodontics.com.

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2013 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             255 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Medical Device Daily

                             April 13, 2004 Tuesday

Cook begins U.S. clinical trial of thoracic endovascular graft

LENGTH: 1101 words


Cook begins U.S. clinical trial of thoracic endovascular graft

By HOLLAND JOHNSON  Medical Device Daily Associate Managing Editor  A team of
physicians at Thomas Jefferson University Hospital (Philadelphia, Pennsylvania)
has completed the first U.S. placement of the Zenith TX2 Thoracic TAA
Endovascular Graft under the device's pivotal U.S. clinical trial sponsored by
Cook (Bloomington, Indiana).

The FDA originally granted Cook an investigational device exemption (IDE) for a
pivotal clinical investigation of its endovascular graft for thoracic aortic
aneurysms (TAAs) back in December, and the company has been able to expand the
study since then.

The initial procedure, performed by a surgical team headed by Joseph Lombardi,
MD, chief of vascular surgery in the Methodist Hospital Division of Thomas
Jefferson University Hospital, with Michael Denton, MD, chief of vascular
surgery at Epworth Medical Centre (Victoria, Australia) in attendance, took
place March 30.

"It is a precise system with a very satisfying delivery," Lombardi said in a
statement after performing the procedure. "Despite having to use an iliac
conduit for access, the procedure was very straightforward and the patient was
virtually pain-free," he added.

The Zenith, already approved for commercial distribution in Canada, Australia
and Asia, incorporates clinically proven technologies to treat life-threatening
TAAs without the need for traumatic open surgical repair. TAAs, which are
diagnosed in more than 20,000 U.S. patients annually, occur when a section of
the aorta, the body's main circulatory vessel, weakens and bulges outward like a
balloon in the section of the artery that runs through the chest. Should the
aneurysm grow to the point where it ruptures, the patient would be at high risk
for rapid death due to internal bleeding.

Patients diagnosed with a TAA traditionally have had to undergo a highly
invasive open surgical procedure in which a surgeon opens the chest cavity,
clamps off the aorta and sews a surgical graft in place to prevent the aneurysm
from rupturing. Cook said such open surgical procedures carry high risks for
many older patients, who may also suffer from other significant medical
conditions such as diabetes or hypertension.

According to the study's national principal investigator, Jon Matsumura, MD,
associate professor of surgery at Northwestern University's Feinberg School of
Medicine (Chicago, Illinois), the clinical trial of the Zenith will include 220
patients at up to 35 U.S. medical institutions. "The enrollment of the first
patient in this trial is an important achievement," he said. "The Zenith TX2
clinical trial is comparing the outcomes of patients with thoracic aortic
aneurysms who are treated with standard operative repair and the newer
endovascular approach. This research may demonstrate that there are significant
benefits with the minimally invasive approach."

Through the original IDE, Cook received conditional approval to begin a clinical
trial of the Zenith involving 140 subjects at 20 U.S. medical institutions.

The larger study currently being undertaken was permitted following FDA approval
of modifications to the company's proposed clinical protocol.

"We had some statistical endpoint issues to work out with the agency and we
worked those out," said Neal Fearnot, PhD, president of Cook's Med Institute
subsidiary. "As we looked at the original data coming in from other trials and
from other science literature, we were recalculating what we wanted to have as
far as our claims in the end, that drives, of course, the endpoints of the study
and also the number of patients," he told Medical Device Daily.

He noted that it is difficult to put such a study together due to the fact that
many patients perceive that the Zenith is a better alternative to the
traditional surgical approach, "which is why this [study] isn't randomized." He
said another company found that when it tried to randomize patients in a trial
with a similar product, "they found that the patients wouldn't cooperate with
the randomized trial." He added that while some patients want what is perceived
as the best technology out there, "that's obviously offset with the
uncertainties of a new technology, which some patients don't want to risk.
Patients tend to go one way or another to an extreme."

Fearnot said of the TAA graft and the recently approved Zenith AAA (abdominal
aortic aneurysm) product: "They are similar in some ways and different in other
ways." He noted that the attachment processes are different because the vessel
locations are different for the two types of aneurysms. "I would say it's
generally the same technology applied to the specific application of thoracic
aneurysms."

The deployment of the graft is similar to that of the AAA, with one notable
exception. TAA patients treated with the Zenith require just one incision in the
groin to allow the insertion of the graft's advanced delivery system into the
femoral artery, whereas during an AAA procedure, incisions are required in both
the femoral arteries.

Once the catheter is guided into position through the patient's arteries under
fluoroscopy, a fabric-covered, self-expanding stent-graft is secured inside the
weakened section of the thoracic aorta to relieve pressure on the aneurysm,
greatly reducing the risk of rupture.

Patients treated with minimally invasive endovascular devices such as the Zenith
aortic graft typically experience fewer traumas and enjoy a much shorter
recovery period compared to patients undergoing open surgical procedures.

Fearnot said that the primary endpoint of the study is equivalent survival to
the traditional surgical approach. Secondary endpoints include an "equal to or
better than" rate of mortality and better clinical utility, a look at recovery
issues.  He also noted that the first clinical follow-up for patients in the
study would occur at a month post-implant.

While Fearnot said that no companies currently have a TAA graft for sale in the
U.S., he noted that competing firms are developing these devices, including W.L.
Gore (Flagstaff, Arizona) and Medtronic (Minneapolis, Minnesota).

While he declined to give specific pricing for the graft, Fearnot did say that
the he believes that the price should be similar to the company's AAA device,
"given that the technology and amount of work [to get an approval] is similar."
And, while there are fewer patients today treated for TAAs than AAAs - roughly
at a 4-to-1 ratio in favor of AAAs - he pointed out that this is "obviously
still a good market opportunity."

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                          Copyright 2004 AHC Media LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             256 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 24, 2014 Thursday

US Patent granted to Mimedx Group, Inc (Georgia) on April 22 titled as
"Placental tissue grafts"

LENGTH: 239  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 8,703,207, on
April 22, 2014, to Mimedx Group, Inc (Georgia), titled as "Placental tissue
grafts"


Inventors:  Daniel; John (Marietta, GA), Spencer; Randall (Marietta, GA), Tofe;
Robert (Denver, CO), Russo; John (Marietta, GA)

Assignee:  Mimedx Group, Inc. (Kennesaw, GA)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office:
"Described herein are tissue grafts derived from the placenta. The grafts are
composed of at least one layer of amnion tissue where the epithelium layer has
been substantially removed in order to expose the basement layer to host cells.
By removing the epithelium layer, cells from the host can more readily interact
with the cell-adhesion bio-active factors located onto top and within of the
basement membrane. Also described herein are methods for making and using the
tissue grafts. The laminin structure of amnion tissue is nearly identical to
that of native human tissue such as, for example, oral mucosa tissue. This
includes high level of laminin-5, a cell adhesion bio-active factor show to bind
gingival epithelia-cells, found throughout upper portions of the basement
membrane."

The patent was filed on August 2, 2013 Application no.  13/958,499

For more information please visit: http://www.uspto.gov/. In case of any query
regarding this article or other content needs please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             257 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

             Copyright 2017 Thomson Financial, All Rights Reserved
                            Reuters Knowledge Direct

                               February 27, 2017

                             Kips Bay Medical, Inc.

                              3405 Annapolis Ln N
                          MINNEAPOLIS,  MN 55447-5342
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: Main Phone: 1-763-2353540, Contact Phone: 1-763-2353540
FAX: 1-763-2353545
URL: Home Page: http://www.kipsbaymedical.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
TICKER: KIPS
CUSIP: 49726K105
IRS No.: 208947689
CIK: 0001460198
ISIN: US49726K1051
SEDOL: B56RZK4
Reuters Instrument Code: KIPS.PK^I15
Display RIC: KIPS.PK

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: May 1, 2007
PLACE OF INCORPORATION: Delaware
LEGAL STATUS: Equity Issue
OPERATING STATUS: Inactive
EMPLOYEES: 14

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
CONTACT: Scott Kellen, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Chief
Operating Officer, Vice President - Finance, Secretary, Director

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   Kips Bay Medical, Inc., incorporated on May 1, 2007, is a medical device
company. The Company is focused on developing, manufacturing and commercializing
its external saphenous vein support technology, the eSVS Mesh, for use in
coronary artery bypass (CABG) surgery. Its eSVS Mesh is designed to be fitted
like a sleeve on the outside of saphenous vein grafts (SVG or vein graft) to
strengthen SVGs used in CABG surgery. The Company received an updated CE Mark
incorporating changes in the application of its eSVS Mesh to the SVG and to the
surgical implant technique for the eSVS Mesh treated graft that were approved by
the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for use in its eMESH I clinical
feasibility trial. The Company sells its eSVS Mesh to distributors who, in turn,
sell to hospitals and clinics primarily in the European Union.

   The Company's eSVS Mesh is designed to address the limitations of unsupported
SVGs by providing vein grafts with physical attributes similar to those of an
artery. The eSVS Mesh is designed to be fitted like a sleeve on the outside of
saphenous vein grafts to strengthen SVGs used in coronary artery bypass graft
surgery. To strengthen an SVG, the eSVS Mesh is manufactured from nitinol wire,
which gives the eSVS Mesh considerable strength, while remaining flexible and
kink-resistant. Its eSVS Mesh is designed for reducing the lumen diameter and
improving blood flow characteristics. Its eSVS Mesh technology consists of the
eSVS Mesh (25 centimeter length, and either 3.5, 4.0 or 4.5 millimeter in
diameter); delivery tube for use in placing its eSVS Mesh on the saphenous vein
(color-coded, one for each diameter of its eSVS Mesh); suture snare for use in
loading its eSVS Mesh onto the saphenous vein, and sizing tool for use in
choosing the correct device size based on saphenous vein diameter.

   The Company is conducting a feasibility trial for the FDA. This trial is a
multi-center, randomized study of external saphenous vein support using its eSVS
Mesh in CABG surgery and is titled the eMESH I clinical feasibility trial. The
objective of this study is to demonstrate to the FDA the initial safety and
performance of the eSVS Mesh for use as an external saphenous vein graft support
device during CABG surgery.

   The Company competes with Vascular Graft Solutions and Neograft Technologies,
Inc.

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
NAICS CODES:
339112 - Surgical and Medical Instrument Manufacturing
PRIMARY SIC:
3841 - Surgical And Medical Instruments
SECONDARY SIC:
3841 - Surgical And Medical Instruments
COMPETITORS:

     ·    Baxter International Inc
     ·    Covidien Ltd
     ·    St. Jude Medical, Inc.
     ·    CareFusion Corporation
     ·    Hill-Rom Holdings, Inc.
     ·    Teleflex Incorporated
     ·    STERIS Corp


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: December 31, 2014

MOST RECENT EXCHANGE RATE:  1.0
CHART OF ACCOUNTS:  Industry
ACCOUNTING STANDARD:  U.S. GAAP
LATEST AVAILABLE ANNUAL:  20170227

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS ('000 USD)
                                    12/31/2014      12/31/2013      12/31/2012
Cash & Equivalents                       3,138           1,699           9,403
Short Term Investments                     457           2,935             947
Cash and Short Term                      3,595           5,000          10,350
Investments
Accounts Receivable - Trade,                 8              28              31
Net
Total Receivables, Net                       8              28              31
Total Inventory                            673             793             915
Prepaid Expenses                           109              88             103
Total Current Assets                     4,385           5,909          11,399
Property/Plant/Equipment,                  355             400             457
Total - Net
Total Assets                             4,738           6,309          11,856



LIABILITIES ('000 USD)
                                    12/31/2014      12/31/2013      12/31/2012
Accounts Payable                            78             141             333
Accrued Expenses                           355             314             455
Total Current Liabilities                  433             455             788
Total Liabilities                          433             455             788



EQUITY ('000 USD)
                                    12/31/2014      12/31/2013      12/31/2012
Common Stock                               330             270             263
Common Stock, Total                        330             270             263
Additional Paid-In Capital              45,492          41,494          40,655
Retained Earnings (Accumulated        (41,517)        (35,910)        (29,850)
Deficit)
Total Equity                             4,305           5,854          11,068
Total Liabilities &                      4,738           6,309          11,856
Shareholders' Equity
Shares Outs - Common Stock              33,014          26,979          26,346
Primary Issue
Total Common Shares                     33,014          26,979          26,346
Outstanding



RATIOS
                                    12/31/2014      12/31/2013      12/31/2012
Total Current Assets less                3,712           5,116          10,484
Inventory('000 USD)
Quick Ratio                                  9              11              13
Current Ratio                               10              13              14
Net Debt('000 USD)                     (3,595)         (5,000)        (10,350)
Tangible Book Value, Common              4,305           5,854          11,068
Equity('000 USD)
Tangible Book Value per Share,               0               0               0
Common Eq (USD)

* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


('000 USD)
                                    12/31/2014      12/31/2013      12/31/2012
Net Sales                                   84             130             226
Revenue                                     84             130             226
Total Revenue                               84             130             226
Cost of Revenue                             44              63              98
Cost of Revenue, Total                      44              63              98
Gross Profit                                40              67             128
Selling/General/Administrative           3,150           2,689           3,167
Expense
Selling/General/Admin.                   3,150           3,068           3,167
Expenses, Total
Research & Development                   2,503           3,075           2,483
Total Operating Expense                  5,697           6,206           5,748
Operating Income                       (5,613)         (6,076)         (5,522)
Interest Income -                            6              16              15
Non-Operating
Interest/Invest Income -                     6              16              15
Non-Operating
Interest                                     6              16              15
Inc.(Exp.),Net-Non-Op., Total
Net Income Before Taxes                (5,607)         (6,060)         (5,507)
Net Income After Taxes                 (5,607)         (6,060)         (5,507)
Net Income Before Extra. Items         (5,607)         (6,060)         (5,507)
Income Available to Com Excl           (5,607)         (6,060)         (5,507)
ExtraOrd
Basic Weighted Average Shares           32,535          26,916          16,402
Basic EPS Excluding                          0               0               0
Extraordinary Items
Diluted Weighted Average                32,535          26,916          16,402
Shares
Diluted EPS Excluding ExtraOrd               0               0               0
Items



EXTRAORDINARY ('000 USD)
                                    12/31/2014      12/31/2013      12/31/2012
Net Income                             (5,607)         (6,060)         (5,507)
Income Available to Com Incl           (5,607)         (6,060)         (5,507)
ExtraOrd



NORMALIZED ('000 USD)
                                    12/31/2014      12/31/2013      12/31/2012
Normalized Income Before Taxes         (5,607)         (6,060)         (5,507)
Normalized Income After Taxes          (5,607)         (6,060)         (5,507)
Normalized Inc. Avail to Com.          (5,607)         (6,060)         (5,507)
Basic Normalized EPS                         0               0               0
Diluted Normalized EPS                       0               0               0



RATIOS
                                    12/31/2014      12/31/2013      12/31/2012
Gross Margin                                48              52              57
Operating Margin                        -6,682          -4,674          -2,443
Pretax Margin                           -6,675          -4,662          -2,437
Net Profit Margin                       -6,675          -4,662          -2,437
Normalized EBIT('000 USD)              (5,613)         (6,076)         (5,522)
Normalized EBITDA('000 USD)            (5,564)         (6,021)         (5,413)



SUPPLEMENTAL ('000 USD)
                                    12/31/2014      12/31/2013      12/31/2012
Basic EPS Including                          0               0               0
Extraordinary Items
Diluted Net Income                         (6)             (6)             (6)
Diluted EPS Including ExtraOrd               0               0               0
Items



FOOTNOTE
                                    12/31/2014      12/31/2013      12/31/2012
Depreciation, Supplemental                  49              55             109
Research & Development Exp,              2,503           3,075           2,483
Supplemental

* * * * * * * * * * CASHFLOW STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


('000 USD)
                                    12/31/2014      12/31/2013      12/31/2012
Net Income/Starting Line               (5,607)         (6,060)         (5,507)
Depreciation                                49              55             109
Depreciation/Depletion                      49              55             109
Other Non-Cash Items                       435             661             684
Non-Cash Items                             435             661             684
Accounts Receivable                         20               3               9
Inventories                                120             122            (23)
Prepaid Expenses                          (21)              15             (3)
Accounts Payable                          (63)           (192)             248
Accrued Expenses                            41           (141)             280
Changes in Working Capital                  97           (193)             511
Cash from Operating Activities         (5,026)         (5,537)         (4,203)
Purchase of Fixed Assets                   (2)            (17)           (117)
Capital Expenditures                       (2)            (17)           (117)
Sale/Maturity of Investment              3,423           3,814           6,459
Purchase of Investments                (1,216)         (5,625)         (4,526)
Other Investing Cash Flow                2,207         (1,809)           1,935
Items, Total
Cash from Investing Activities           2,205         (1,826)           1,818
Sale/Issuance of Common                  3,643             276           5,576
Common Stock, Net                        3,643             276           5,576
Issuance (Retirement) of                 3,643             276           5,577
Stock, Net
Cash from Financing Activities           3,643             276           5,577
Net Change in Cash                         822         (7,087)           3,192
Net Cash - Beginning Balance             2,316           9,403           6,211
Net Cash - Ending Balance                3,138           2,316           9,403

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY SPECIFIC:


Balance Sheet
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                           4,385
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          2,146
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                             4,738
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            2,162
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              4,758
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                           4,305
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                          1,694
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                          6,852
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                            4,305
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                            1,694
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           1,953
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                           3,595
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              673
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                              433
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                            468
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                                433
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                              468
USD)
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              8
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 19
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                              4,305
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                            1,694
USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                              49
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                              8
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                               40
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                       (5,028)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           (661)
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           (4,078)
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                         (154)
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                         8
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     24
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .02
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .02
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                          .01
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                                .06
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                    .10
(annualized)
Inventory turnover - trailing 12 month                                      .08
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                             4.67
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 4.28
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   3.03
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                   10.13
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        4.59
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                           13.93
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                      8.57
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                          4.59
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             12.48
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                               .12
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                               .05
quarter
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                      -70.60
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                  -24.90
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                  -8.44
Capital Spending growth rate, 5 year                                     -54.80
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            -29.25
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                            -119.01
EPS Change % - year over year                                             23.45
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                                19.74
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          59.23
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                          -30.66
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         -29.32
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                     -118.96
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                   8.92
Net Income Change % - year over year                                       7.48
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                        -48.39
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                         100.00
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                           -54.95
Revenue Change %, year over year                                         -35.38
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                        -50.76
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                            44
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                                 8
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             29
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                          (5,607)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                        (1,848)
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                         (5,434)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                          (5,607)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                         (5,607)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                       (1,848)
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                         (5,434)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                          (5,607)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                               (5,613)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                     (869)
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                     (4,458)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              (5,564)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                           (6,021)
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                    (861)
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (4,418)
Net Income available to common - most recent                            (5,607)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                            (1,848)
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                            (5,434)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                       (5,607)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                         (5,607)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                         (5,607)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                            2,503
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                              433
quarter ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - prior trailing                         2,905
12 month ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - trailing 12                            2,030
month ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                 84
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                     16
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                111
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                       50
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                        (5,607)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                        (5,434)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                 (135)
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                            (4,455)
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                -82.35
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                           -101.51
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                          -243.71
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                             -72.61
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                            -114.22
Return on average equity - 5 year average                               -103.63
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                           -110.38
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                          -285.14
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                             -76.71
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                            -127.17
Return on investment - 5 year average                                   -103.63
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                          -110.38
Return on investment - most recent quarter                              -285.14
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                -127.17
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                                 130
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                                  51
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                               130
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                                51
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                                0
year ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                             (171)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                         (223)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                              (25)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                 (224)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                             (56)
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                         (172)
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                            (201)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                            (163)
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                              109
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              59
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            (134)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            (172)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                             (56)
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                           (205)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                 (164)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           (172)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                            (56)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                 (205)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (164)
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           (172)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                            (56)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                 (205)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (164)
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                            (172)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                           (155)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                             (206)
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                           (30)
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                             (79)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                             (20)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                         (148)
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                              (123)
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                                 3
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                              2
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                      0
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                  2
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                     .05
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                         .14
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            2.17
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                   2.79
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                       3.65
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                 133.77
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         4.69
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                   .05
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                                .14
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                   1.15
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                                .64
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.15
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .64
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                         -2,708.52
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                -6,623.81
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                      -8,836.00
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 47.62
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 51.54
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             59.23
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        50.00
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          42.00
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                    -3,531.80
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                      -6,675.00
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                      -4,661.54
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                            -11,550.00
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                         -5,374.78
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                              -10,868.00
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                         -6,682.14
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                         -4,673.85
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                     -3,298.47
Operating margin - most recent quarter                               -11,550.00
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                 -10,874.00
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                            -6,675.00
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                            -4,661.54
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                        -3,536.39
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                  -11,550.00
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                    -10,868.00
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                         3,750.00
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                        2,775.00
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                          4,898.00
Float                                                                     20.59
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                            234
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             29.46
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            33.08
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          32.53
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         33.01
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          33.01
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              33.01
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                            33.01
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                              33.01
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         29.46
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            33.08
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           32.53
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           33.01
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            62.36



Cash Flow
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                           4,385
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          2,146
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                             4,738
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            2,162
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              4,758
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                           4,305
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                          1,694
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                          6,852
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                            4,305
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                            1,694
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           1,953
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                           3,595
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              673
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                              433
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                            468
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                                433
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                              468
USD)
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              8
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 19
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                              4,305
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                            1,694
USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                              49
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                              8
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                               40
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                       (5,028)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           (661)
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           (4,078)
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                         (154)
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                         8
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     24
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .02
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .02
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                          .01
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                                .06
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                    .10
(annualized)
Inventory turnover - trailing 12 month                                      .08
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                             4.67
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 4.28
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   3.03
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                   10.13
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        4.59
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                           13.93
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                      8.57
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                          4.59
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             12.48
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                               .12
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                               .05
quarter
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                      -70.60
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                  -24.90
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                  -8.44
Capital Spending growth rate, 5 year                                     -54.80
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            -29.25
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                            -119.01
EPS Change % - year over year                                             23.45
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                                19.74
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          59.23
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                          -30.66
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         -29.32
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                     -118.96
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                   8.92
Net Income Change % - year over year                                       7.48
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                        -48.39
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                         100.00
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                           -54.95
Revenue Change %, year over year                                         -35.38
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                        -50.76
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                            44
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                                 8
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             29
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                          (5,607)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                        (1,848)
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                         (5,434)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                          (5,607)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                         (5,607)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                       (1,848)
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                         (5,434)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                          (5,607)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                               (5,613)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                     (869)
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                     (4,458)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              (5,564)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                           (6,021)
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                    (861)
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (4,418)
Net Income available to common - most recent                            (5,607)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                            (1,848)
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                            (5,434)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                       (5,607)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                         (5,607)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                         (5,607)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                            2,503
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                              433
quarter ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - prior trailing                         2,905
12 month ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - trailing 12                            2,030
month ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                 84
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                     16
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                111
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                       50
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                        (5,607)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                        (5,434)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                 (135)
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                            (4,455)
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                -82.35
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                           -101.51
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                          -243.71
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                             -72.61
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                            -114.22
Return on average equity - 5 year average                               -103.63
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                           -110.38
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                          -285.14
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                             -76.71
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                            -127.17
Return on investment - 5 year average                                   -103.63
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                          -110.38
Return on investment - most recent quarter                              -285.14
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                -127.17
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                                 130
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                                  51
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                               130
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                                51
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                                0
year ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                             (171)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                         (223)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                              (25)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                 (224)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                             (56)
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                         (172)
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                            (201)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                            (163)
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                              109
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              59
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            (134)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            (172)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                             (56)
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                           (205)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                 (164)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           (172)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                            (56)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                 (205)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (164)
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           (172)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                            (56)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                 (205)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (164)
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                            (172)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                           (155)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                             (206)
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                           (30)
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                             (79)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                             (20)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                         (148)
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                              (123)
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                                 3
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                              2
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                      0
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                  2
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                     .05
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                         .14
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            2.17
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                   2.79
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                       3.65
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                 133.77
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         4.69
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                   .05
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                                .14
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                   1.15
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                                .64
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.15
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .64
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                         -2,708.52
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                -6,623.81
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                      -8,836.00
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 47.62
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 51.54
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             59.23
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        50.00
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          42.00
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                    -3,531.80
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                      -6,675.00
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                      -4,661.54
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                            -11,550.00
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                         -5,374.78
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                              -10,868.00
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                         -6,682.14
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                         -4,673.85
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                     -3,298.47
Operating margin - most recent quarter                               -11,550.00
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                 -10,874.00
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                            -6,675.00
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                            -4,661.54
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                        -3,536.39
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                  -11,550.00
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                    -10,868.00
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                         3,750.00
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                        2,775.00
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                          4,898.00
Float                                                                     20.59
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                            234
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             29.46
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            33.08
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          32.53
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         33.01
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          33.01
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              33.01
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                            33.01
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                              33.01
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         29.46
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            33.08
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           32.53
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           33.01
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            62.36



Descriptive
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                           4,385
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          2,146
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                             4,738
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            2,162
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              4,758
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                           4,305
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                          1,694
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                          6,852
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                            4,305
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                            1,694
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           1,953
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                           3,595
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              673
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                              433
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                            468
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                                433
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                              468
USD)
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              8
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 19
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                              4,305
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                            1,694
USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                              49
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                              8
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                               40
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                       (5,028)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           (661)
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           (4,078)
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                         (154)
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                         8
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     24
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .02
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .02
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                          .01
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                                .06
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                    .10
(annualized)
Inventory turnover - trailing 12 month                                      .08
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                             4.67
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 4.28
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   3.03
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                   10.13
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        4.59
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                           13.93
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                      8.57
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                          4.59
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             12.48
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                               .12
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                               .05
quarter
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                      -70.60
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                  -24.90
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                  -8.44
Capital Spending growth rate, 5 year                                     -54.80
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            -29.25
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                            -119.01
EPS Change % - year over year                                             23.45
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                                19.74
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          59.23
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                          -30.66
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         -29.32
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                     -118.96
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                   8.92
Net Income Change % - year over year                                       7.48
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                        -48.39
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                         100.00
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                           -54.95
Revenue Change %, year over year                                         -35.38
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                        -50.76
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                            44
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                                 8
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             29
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                          (5,607)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                        (1,848)
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                         (5,434)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                          (5,607)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                         (5,607)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                       (1,848)
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                         (5,434)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                          (5,607)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                               (5,613)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                     (869)
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                     (4,458)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              (5,564)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                           (6,021)
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                    (861)
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (4,418)
Net Income available to common - most recent                            (5,607)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                            (1,848)
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                            (5,434)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                       (5,607)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                         (5,607)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                         (5,607)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                            2,503
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                              433
quarter ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - prior trailing                         2,905
12 month ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - trailing 12                            2,030
month ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                 84
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                     16
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                111
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                       50
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                        (5,607)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                        (5,434)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                 (135)
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                            (4,455)
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                -82.35
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                           -101.51
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                          -243.71
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                             -72.61
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                            -114.22
Return on average equity - 5 year average                               -103.63
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                           -110.38
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                          -285.14
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                             -76.71
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                            -127.17
Return on investment - 5 year average                                   -103.63
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                          -110.38
Return on investment - most recent quarter                              -285.14
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                -127.17
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                                 130
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                                  51
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                               130
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                                51
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                                0
year ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                             (171)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                         (223)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                              (25)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                 (224)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                             (56)
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                         (172)
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                            (201)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                            (163)
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                              109
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              59
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            (134)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            (172)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                             (56)
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                           (205)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                 (164)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           (172)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                            (56)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                 (205)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (164)
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           (172)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                            (56)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                 (205)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (164)
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                            (172)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                           (155)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                             (206)
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                           (30)
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                             (79)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                             (20)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                         (148)
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                              (123)
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                                 3
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                              2
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                      0
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                  2
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                     .05
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                         .14
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            2.17
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                   2.79
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                       3.65
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                 133.77
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         4.69
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                   .05
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                                .14
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                   1.15
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                                .64
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.15
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .64
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                         -2,708.52
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                -6,623.81
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                      -8,836.00
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 47.62
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 51.54
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             59.23
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        50.00
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          42.00
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                    -3,531.80
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                      -6,675.00
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                      -4,661.54
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                            -11,550.00
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                         -5,374.78
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                              -10,868.00
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                         -6,682.14
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                         -4,673.85
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                     -3,298.47
Operating margin - most recent quarter                               -11,550.00
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                 -10,874.00
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                            -6,675.00
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                            -4,661.54
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                        -3,536.39
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                  -11,550.00
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                    -10,868.00
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                         3,750.00
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                        2,775.00
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                          4,898.00
Float                                                                     20.59
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                            234
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             29.46
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            33.08
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          32.53
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         33.01
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          33.01
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              33.01
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                            33.01
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                              33.01
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         29.46
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            33.08
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           32.53
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           33.01
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            62.36



Efficiency Ratios
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                           4,385
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          2,146
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                             4,738
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            2,162
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              4,758
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                           4,305
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                          1,694
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                          6,852
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                            4,305
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                            1,694
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           1,953
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                           3,595
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              673
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                              433
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                            468
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                                433
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                              468
USD)
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              8
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 19
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                              4,305
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                            1,694
USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                              49
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                              8
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                               40
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                       (5,028)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           (661)
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           (4,078)
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                         (154)
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                         8
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     24
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .02
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .02
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                          .01
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                                .06
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                    .10
(annualized)
Inventory turnover - trailing 12 month                                      .08
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                             4.67
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 4.28
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   3.03
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                   10.13
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        4.59
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                           13.93
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                      8.57
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                          4.59
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             12.48
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                               .12
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                               .05
quarter
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                      -70.60
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                  -24.90
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                  -8.44
Capital Spending growth rate, 5 year                                     -54.80
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            -29.25
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                            -119.01
EPS Change % - year over year                                             23.45
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                                19.74
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          59.23
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                          -30.66
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         -29.32
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                     -118.96
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                   8.92
Net Income Change % - year over year                                       7.48
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                        -48.39
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                         100.00
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                           -54.95
Revenue Change %, year over year                                         -35.38
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                        -50.76
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                            44
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                                 8
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             29
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                          (5,607)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                        (1,848)
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                         (5,434)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                          (5,607)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                         (5,607)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                       (1,848)
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                         (5,434)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                          (5,607)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                               (5,613)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                     (869)
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                     (4,458)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              (5,564)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                           (6,021)
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                    (861)
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (4,418)
Net Income available to common - most recent                            (5,607)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                            (1,848)
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                            (5,434)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                       (5,607)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                         (5,607)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                         (5,607)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                            2,503
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                              433
quarter ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - prior trailing                         2,905
12 month ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - trailing 12                            2,030
month ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                 84
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                     16
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                111
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                       50
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                        (5,607)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                        (5,434)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                 (135)
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                            (4,455)
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                -82.35
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                           -101.51
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                          -243.71
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                             -72.61
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                            -114.22
Return on average equity - 5 year average                               -103.63
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                           -110.38
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                          -285.14
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                             -76.71
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                            -127.17
Return on investment - 5 year average                                   -103.63
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                          -110.38
Return on investment - most recent quarter                              -285.14
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                -127.17
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                                 130
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                                  51
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                               130
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                                51
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                                0
year ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                             (171)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                         (223)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                              (25)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                 (224)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                             (56)
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                         (172)
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                            (201)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                            (163)
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                              109
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              59
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            (134)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            (172)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                             (56)
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                           (205)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                 (164)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           (172)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                            (56)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                 (205)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (164)
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           (172)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                            (56)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                 (205)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (164)
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                            (172)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                           (155)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                             (206)
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                           (30)
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                             (79)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                             (20)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                         (148)
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                              (123)
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                                 3
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                              2
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                      0
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                  2
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                     .05
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                         .14
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            2.17
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                   2.79
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                       3.65
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                 133.77
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         4.69
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                   .05
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                                .14
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                   1.15
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                                .64
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.15
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .64
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                         -2,708.52
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                -6,623.81
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                      -8,836.00
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 47.62
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 51.54
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             59.23
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        50.00
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          42.00
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                    -3,531.80
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                      -6,675.00
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                      -4,661.54
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                            -11,550.00
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                         -5,374.78
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                              -10,868.00
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                         -6,682.14
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                         -4,673.85
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                     -3,298.47
Operating margin - most recent quarter                               -11,550.00
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                 -10,874.00
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                            -6,675.00
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                            -4,661.54
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                        -3,536.39
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                  -11,550.00
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                    -10,868.00
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                         3,750.00
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                        2,775.00
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                          4,898.00
Float                                                                     20.59
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                            234
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             29.46
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            33.08
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          32.53
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         33.01
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          33.01
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              33.01
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                            33.01
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                              33.01
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         29.46
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            33.08
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           32.53
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           33.01
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            62.36



Financial Strength
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                           4,385
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          2,146
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                             4,738
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            2,162
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              4,758
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                           4,305
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                          1,694
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                          6,852
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                            4,305
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                            1,694
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           1,953
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                           3,595
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              673
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                              433
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                            468
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                                433
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                              468
USD)
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              8
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 19
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                              4,305
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                            1,694
USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                              49
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                              8
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                               40
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                       (5,028)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           (661)
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           (4,078)
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                         (154)
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                         8
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     24
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .02
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .02
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                          .01
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                                .06
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                    .10
(annualized)
Inventory turnover - trailing 12 month                                      .08
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                             4.67
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 4.28
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   3.03
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                   10.13
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        4.59
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                           13.93
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                      8.57
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                          4.59
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             12.48
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                               .12
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                               .05
quarter
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                      -70.60
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                  -24.90
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                  -8.44
Capital Spending growth rate, 5 year                                     -54.80
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            -29.25
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                            -119.01
EPS Change % - year over year                                             23.45
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                                19.74
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          59.23
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                          -30.66
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         -29.32
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                     -118.96
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                   8.92
Net Income Change % - year over year                                       7.48
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                        -48.39
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                         100.00
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                           -54.95
Revenue Change %, year over year                                         -35.38
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                        -50.76
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                            44
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                                 8
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             29
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                          (5,607)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                        (1,848)
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                         (5,434)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                          (5,607)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                         (5,607)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                       (1,848)
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                         (5,434)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                          (5,607)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                               (5,613)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                     (869)
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                     (4,458)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              (5,564)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                           (6,021)
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                    (861)
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (4,418)
Net Income available to common - most recent                            (5,607)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                            (1,848)
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                            (5,434)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                       (5,607)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                         (5,607)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                         (5,607)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                            2,503
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                              433
quarter ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - prior trailing                         2,905
12 month ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - trailing 12                            2,030
month ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                 84
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                     16
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                111
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                       50
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                        (5,607)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                        (5,434)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                 (135)
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                            (4,455)
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                -82.35
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                           -101.51
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                          -243.71
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                             -72.61
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                            -114.22
Return on average equity - 5 year average                               -103.63
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                           -110.38
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                          -285.14
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                             -76.71
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                            -127.17
Return on investment - 5 year average                                   -103.63
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                          -110.38
Return on investment - most recent quarter                              -285.14
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                -127.17
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                                 130
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                                  51
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                               130
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                                51
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                                0
year ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                             (171)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                         (223)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                              (25)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                 (224)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                             (56)
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                         (172)
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                            (201)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                            (163)
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                              109
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              59
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            (134)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            (172)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                             (56)
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                           (205)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                 (164)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           (172)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                            (56)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                 (205)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (164)
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           (172)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                            (56)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                 (205)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (164)
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                            (172)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                           (155)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                             (206)
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                           (30)
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                             (79)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                             (20)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                         (148)
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                              (123)
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                                 3
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                              2
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                      0
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                  2
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                     .05
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                         .14
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            2.17
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                   2.79
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                       3.65
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                 133.77
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         4.69
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                   .05
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                                .14
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                   1.15
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                                .64
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.15
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .64
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                         -2,708.52
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                -6,623.81
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                      -8,836.00
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 47.62
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 51.54
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             59.23
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        50.00
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          42.00
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                    -3,531.80
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                      -6,675.00
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                      -4,661.54
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                            -11,550.00
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                         -5,374.78
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                              -10,868.00
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                         -6,682.14
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                         -4,673.85
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                     -3,298.47
Operating margin - most recent quarter                               -11,550.00
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                 -10,874.00
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                            -6,675.00
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                            -4,661.54
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                        -3,536.39
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                  -11,550.00
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                    -10,868.00
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                         3,750.00
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                        2,775.00
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                          4,898.00
Float                                                                     20.59
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                            234
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             29.46
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            33.08
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          32.53
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         33.01
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          33.01
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              33.01
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                            33.01
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                              33.01
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         29.46
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            33.08
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           32.53
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           33.01
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            62.36



Growth Rates
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                           4,385
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          2,146
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                             4,738
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            2,162
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              4,758
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                           4,305
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                          1,694
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                          6,852
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                            4,305
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                            1,694
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           1,953
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                           3,595
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              673
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                              433
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                            468
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                                433
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                              468
USD)
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              8
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 19
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                              4,305
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                            1,694
USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                              49
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                              8
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                               40
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                       (5,028)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           (661)
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           (4,078)
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                         (154)
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                         8
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     24
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .02
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .02
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                          .01
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                                .06
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                    .10
(annualized)
Inventory turnover - trailing 12 month                                      .08
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                             4.67
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 4.28
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   3.03
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                   10.13
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        4.59
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                           13.93
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                      8.57
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                          4.59
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             12.48
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                               .12
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                               .05
quarter
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                      -70.60
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                  -24.90
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                  -8.44
Capital Spending growth rate, 5 year                                     -54.80
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            -29.25
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                            -119.01
EPS Change % - year over year                                             23.45
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                                19.74
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          59.23
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                          -30.66
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         -29.32
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                     -118.96
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                   8.92
Net Income Change % - year over year                                       7.48
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                        -48.39
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                         100.00
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                           -54.95
Revenue Change %, year over year                                         -35.38
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                        -50.76
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                            44
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                                 8
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             29
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                          (5,607)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                        (1,848)
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                         (5,434)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                          (5,607)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                         (5,607)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                       (1,848)
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                         (5,434)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                          (5,607)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                               (5,613)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                     (869)
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                     (4,458)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              (5,564)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                           (6,021)
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                    (861)
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (4,418)
Net Income available to common - most recent                            (5,607)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                            (1,848)
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                            (5,434)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                       (5,607)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                         (5,607)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                         (5,607)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                            2,503
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                              433
quarter ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - prior trailing                         2,905
12 month ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - trailing 12                            2,030
month ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                 84
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                     16
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                111
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                       50
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                        (5,607)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                        (5,434)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                 (135)
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                            (4,455)
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                -82.35
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                           -101.51
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                          -243.71
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                             -72.61
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                            -114.22
Return on average equity - 5 year average                               -103.63
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                           -110.38
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                          -285.14
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                             -76.71
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                            -127.17
Return on investment - 5 year average                                   -103.63
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                          -110.38
Return on investment - most recent quarter                              -285.14
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                -127.17
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                                 130
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                                  51
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                               130
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                                51
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                                0
year ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                             (171)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                         (223)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                              (25)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                 (224)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                             (56)
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                         (172)
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                            (201)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                            (163)
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                              109
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              59
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            (134)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            (172)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                             (56)
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                           (205)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                 (164)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           (172)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                            (56)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                 (205)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (164)
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           (172)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                            (56)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                 (205)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (164)
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                            (172)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                           (155)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                             (206)
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                           (30)
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                             (79)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                             (20)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                         (148)
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                              (123)
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                                 3
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                              2
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                      0
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                  2
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                     .05
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                         .14
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            2.17
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                   2.79
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                       3.65
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                 133.77
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         4.69
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                   .05
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                                .14
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                   1.15
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                                .64
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.15
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .64
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                         -2,708.52
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                -6,623.81
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                      -8,836.00
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 47.62
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 51.54
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             59.23
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        50.00
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          42.00
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                    -3,531.80
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                      -6,675.00
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                      -4,661.54
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                            -11,550.00
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                         -5,374.78
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                              -10,868.00
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                         -6,682.14
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                         -4,673.85
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                     -3,298.47
Operating margin - most recent quarter                               -11,550.00
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                 -10,874.00
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                            -6,675.00
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                            -4,661.54
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                        -3,536.39
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                  -11,550.00
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                    -10,868.00
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                         3,750.00
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                        2,775.00
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                          4,898.00
Float                                                                     20.59
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                            234
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             29.46
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            33.08
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          32.53
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         33.01
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          33.01
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              33.01
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                            33.01
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                              33.01
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         29.46
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            33.08
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           32.53
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           33.01
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            62.36



Income Statement
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                           4,385
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          2,146
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                             4,738
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            2,162
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              4,758
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                           4,305
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                          1,694
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                          6,852
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                            4,305
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                            1,694
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           1,953
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                           3,595
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              673
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                              433
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                            468
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                                433
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                              468
USD)
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              8
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 19
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                              4,305
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                            1,694
USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                              49
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                              8
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                               40
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                       (5,028)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           (661)
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           (4,078)
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                         (154)
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                         8
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     24
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .02
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .02
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                          .01
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                                .06
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                    .10
(annualized)
Inventory turnover - trailing 12 month                                      .08
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                             4.67
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 4.28
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   3.03
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                   10.13
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        4.59
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                           13.93
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                      8.57
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                          4.59
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             12.48
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                               .12
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                               .05
quarter
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                      -70.60
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                  -24.90
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                  -8.44
Capital Spending growth rate, 5 year                                     -54.80
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            -29.25
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                            -119.01
EPS Change % - year over year                                             23.45
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                                19.74
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          59.23
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                          -30.66
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         -29.32
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                     -118.96
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                   8.92
Net Income Change % - year over year                                       7.48
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                        -48.39
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                         100.00
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                           -54.95
Revenue Change %, year over year                                         -35.38
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                        -50.76
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                            44
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                                 8
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             29
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                          (5,607)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                        (1,848)
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                         (5,434)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                          (5,607)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                         (5,607)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                       (1,848)
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                         (5,434)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                          (5,607)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                               (5,613)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                     (869)
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                     (4,458)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              (5,564)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                           (6,021)
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                    (861)
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (4,418)
Net Income available to common - most recent                            (5,607)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                            (1,848)
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                            (5,434)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                       (5,607)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                         (5,607)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                         (5,607)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                            2,503
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                              433
quarter ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - prior trailing                         2,905
12 month ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - trailing 12                            2,030
month ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                 84
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                     16
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                111
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                       50
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                        (5,607)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                        (5,434)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                 (135)
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                            (4,455)
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                -82.35
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                           -101.51
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                          -243.71
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                             -72.61
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                            -114.22
Return on average equity - 5 year average                               -103.63
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                           -110.38
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                          -285.14
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                             -76.71
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                            -127.17
Return on investment - 5 year average                                   -103.63
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                          -110.38
Return on investment - most recent quarter                              -285.14
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                -127.17
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                                 130
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                                  51
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                               130
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                                51
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                                0
year ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                             (171)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                         (223)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                              (25)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                 (224)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                             (56)
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                         (172)
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                            (201)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                            (163)
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                              109
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              59
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            (134)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            (172)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                             (56)
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                           (205)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                 (164)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           (172)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                            (56)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                 (205)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (164)
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           (172)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                            (56)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                 (205)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (164)
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                            (172)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                           (155)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                             (206)
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                           (30)
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                             (79)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                             (20)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                         (148)
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                              (123)
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                                 3
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                              2
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                      0
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                  2
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                     .05
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                         .14
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            2.17
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                   2.79
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                       3.65
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                 133.77
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         4.69
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                   .05
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                                .14
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                   1.15
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                                .64
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.15
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .64
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                         -2,708.52
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                -6,623.81
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                      -8,836.00
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 47.62
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 51.54
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             59.23
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        50.00
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          42.00
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                    -3,531.80
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                      -6,675.00
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                      -4,661.54
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                            -11,550.00
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                         -5,374.78
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                              -10,868.00
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                         -6,682.14
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                         -4,673.85
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                     -3,298.47
Operating margin - most recent quarter                               -11,550.00
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                 -10,874.00
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                            -6,675.00
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                            -4,661.54
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                        -3,536.39
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                  -11,550.00
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                    -10,868.00
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                         3,750.00
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                        2,775.00
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                          4,898.00
Float                                                                     20.59
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                            234
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             29.46
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            33.08
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          32.53
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         33.01
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          33.01
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              33.01
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                            33.01
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                              33.01
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         29.46
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            33.08
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           32.53
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           33.01
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            62.36



Management Effectiveness
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                           4,385
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          2,146
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                             4,738
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            2,162
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              4,758
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                           4,305
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                          1,694
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                          6,852
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                            4,305
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                            1,694
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           1,953
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                           3,595
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              673
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                              433
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                            468
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                                433
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                              468
USD)
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              8
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 19
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                              4,305
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                            1,694
USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                              49
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                              8
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                               40
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                       (5,028)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           (661)
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           (4,078)
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                         (154)
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                         8
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     24
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .02
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .02
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                          .01
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                                .06
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                    .10
(annualized)
Inventory turnover - trailing 12 month                                      .08
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                             4.67
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 4.28
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   3.03
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                   10.13
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        4.59
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                           13.93
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                      8.57
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                          4.59
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             12.48
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                               .12
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                               .05
quarter
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                      -70.60
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                  -24.90
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                  -8.44
Capital Spending growth rate, 5 year                                     -54.80
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            -29.25
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                            -119.01
EPS Change % - year over year                                             23.45
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                                19.74
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          59.23
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                          -30.66
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         -29.32
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                     -118.96
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                   8.92
Net Income Change % - year over year                                       7.48
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                        -48.39
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                         100.00
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                           -54.95
Revenue Change %, year over year                                         -35.38
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                        -50.76
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                            44
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                                 8
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             29
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                          (5,607)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                        (1,848)
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                         (5,434)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                          (5,607)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                         (5,607)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                       (1,848)
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                         (5,434)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                          (5,607)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                               (5,613)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                     (869)
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                     (4,458)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              (5,564)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                           (6,021)
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                    (861)
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (4,418)
Net Income available to common - most recent                            (5,607)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                            (1,848)
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                            (5,434)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                       (5,607)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                         (5,607)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                         (5,607)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                            2,503
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                              433
quarter ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - prior trailing                         2,905
12 month ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - trailing 12                            2,030
month ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                 84
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                     16
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                111
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                       50
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                        (5,607)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                        (5,434)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                 (135)
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                            (4,455)
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                -82.35
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                           -101.51
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                          -243.71
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                             -72.61
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                            -114.22
Return on average equity - 5 year average                               -103.63
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                           -110.38
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                          -285.14
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                             -76.71
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                            -127.17
Return on investment - 5 year average                                   -103.63
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                          -110.38
Return on investment - most recent quarter                              -285.14
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                -127.17
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                                 130
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                                  51
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                               130
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                                51
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                                0
year ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                             (171)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                         (223)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                              (25)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                 (224)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                             (56)
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                         (172)
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                            (201)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                            (163)
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                              109
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              59
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            (134)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            (172)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                             (56)
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                           (205)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                 (164)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           (172)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                            (56)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                 (205)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (164)
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           (172)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                            (56)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                 (205)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (164)
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                            (172)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                           (155)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                             (206)
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                           (30)
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                             (79)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                             (20)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                         (148)
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                              (123)
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                                 3
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                              2
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                      0
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                  2
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                     .05
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                         .14
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            2.17
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                   2.79
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                       3.65
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                 133.77
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         4.69
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                   .05
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                                .14
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                   1.15
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                                .64
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.15
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .64
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                         -2,708.52
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                -6,623.81
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                      -8,836.00
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 47.62
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 51.54
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             59.23
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        50.00
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          42.00
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                    -3,531.80
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                      -6,675.00
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                      -4,661.54
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                            -11,550.00
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                         -5,374.78
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                              -10,868.00
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                         -6,682.14
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                         -4,673.85
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                     -3,298.47
Operating margin - most recent quarter                               -11,550.00
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                 -10,874.00
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                            -6,675.00
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                            -4,661.54
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                        -3,536.39
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                  -11,550.00
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                    -10,868.00
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                         3,750.00
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                        2,775.00
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                          4,898.00
Float                                                                     20.59
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                            234
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             29.46
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            33.08
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          32.53
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         33.01
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          33.01
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              33.01
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                            33.01
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                              33.01
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         29.46
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            33.08
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           32.53
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           33.01
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            62.36



Per Share Ratios
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                           4,385
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          2,146
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                             4,738
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            2,162
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              4,758
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                           4,305
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                          1,694
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                          6,852
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                            4,305
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                            1,694
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           1,953
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                           3,595
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              673
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                              433
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                            468
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                                433
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                              468
USD)
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              8
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 19
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                              4,305
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                            1,694
USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                              49
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                              8
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                               40
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                       (5,028)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           (661)
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           (4,078)
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                         (154)
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                         8
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     24
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .02
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .02
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                          .01
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                                .06
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                    .10
(annualized)
Inventory turnover - trailing 12 month                                      .08
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                             4.67
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 4.28
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   3.03
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                   10.13
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        4.59
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                           13.93
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                      8.57
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                          4.59
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             12.48
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                               .12
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                               .05
quarter
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                      -70.60
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                  -24.90
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                  -8.44
Capital Spending growth rate, 5 year                                     -54.80
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            -29.25
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                            -119.01
EPS Change % - year over year                                             23.45
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                                19.74
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          59.23
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                          -30.66
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         -29.32
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                     -118.96
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                   8.92
Net Income Change % - year over year                                       7.48
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                        -48.39
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                         100.00
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                           -54.95
Revenue Change %, year over year                                         -35.38
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                        -50.76
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                            44
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                                 8
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             29
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                          (5,607)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                        (1,848)
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                         (5,434)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                          (5,607)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                         (5,607)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                       (1,848)
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                         (5,434)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                          (5,607)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                               (5,613)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                     (869)
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                     (4,458)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              (5,564)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                           (6,021)
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                    (861)
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (4,418)
Net Income available to common - most recent                            (5,607)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                            (1,848)
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                            (5,434)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                       (5,607)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                         (5,607)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                         (5,607)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                            2,503
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                              433
quarter ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - prior trailing                         2,905
12 month ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - trailing 12                            2,030
month ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                 84
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                     16
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                111
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                       50
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                        (5,607)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                        (5,434)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                 (135)
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                            (4,455)
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                -82.35
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                           -101.51
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                          -243.71
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                             -72.61
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                            -114.22
Return on average equity - 5 year average                               -103.63
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                           -110.38
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                          -285.14
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                             -76.71
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                            -127.17
Return on investment - 5 year average                                   -103.63
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                          -110.38
Return on investment - most recent quarter                              -285.14
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                -127.17
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                                 130
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                                  51
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                               130
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                                51
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                                0
year ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                             (171)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                         (223)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                              (25)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                 (224)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                             (56)
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                         (172)
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                            (201)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                            (163)
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                              109
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              59
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            (134)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            (172)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                             (56)
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                           (205)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                 (164)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           (172)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                            (56)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                 (205)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (164)
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           (172)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                            (56)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                 (205)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (164)
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                            (172)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                           (155)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                             (206)
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                           (30)
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                             (79)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                             (20)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                         (148)
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                              (123)
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                                 3
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                              2
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                      0
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                  2
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                     .05
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                         .14
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            2.17
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                   2.79
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                       3.65
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                 133.77
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         4.69
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                   .05
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                                .14
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                   1.15
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                                .64
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.15
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .64
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                         -2,708.52
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                -6,623.81
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                      -8,836.00
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 47.62
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 51.54
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             59.23
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        50.00
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          42.00
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                    -3,531.80
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                      -6,675.00
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                      -4,661.54
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                            -11,550.00
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                         -5,374.78
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                              -10,868.00
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                         -6,682.14
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                         -4,673.85
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                     -3,298.47
Operating margin - most recent quarter                               -11,550.00
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                 -10,874.00
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                            -6,675.00
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                            -4,661.54
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                        -3,536.39
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                  -11,550.00
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                    -10,868.00
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                         3,750.00
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                        2,775.00
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                          4,898.00
Float                                                                     20.59
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                            234
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             29.46
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            33.08
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          32.53
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         33.01
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          33.01
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              33.01
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                            33.01
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                              33.01
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         29.46
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            33.08
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           32.53
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           33.01
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            62.36



Price Related
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                           4,385
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          2,146
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                             4,738
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            2,162
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              4,758
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                           4,305
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                          1,694
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                          6,852
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                            4,305
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                            1,694
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           1,953
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                           3,595
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              673
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                              433
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                            468
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                                433
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                              468
USD)
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              8
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 19
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                              4,305
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                            1,694
USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                              49
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                              8
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                               40
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                       (5,028)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           (661)
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           (4,078)
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                         (154)
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                         8
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     24
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .02
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .02
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                          .01
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                                .06
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                    .10
(annualized)
Inventory turnover - trailing 12 month                                      .08
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                             4.67
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 4.28
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   3.03
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                   10.13
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        4.59
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                           13.93
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                      8.57
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                          4.59
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             12.48
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                               .12
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                               .05
quarter
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                      -70.60
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                  -24.90
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                  -8.44
Capital Spending growth rate, 5 year                                     -54.80
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            -29.25
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                            -119.01
EPS Change % - year over year                                             23.45
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                                19.74
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          59.23
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                          -30.66
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         -29.32
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                     -118.96
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                   8.92
Net Income Change % - year over year                                       7.48
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                        -48.39
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                         100.00
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                           -54.95
Revenue Change %, year over year                                         -35.38
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                        -50.76
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                            44
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                                 8
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             29
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                          (5,607)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                        (1,848)
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                         (5,434)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                          (5,607)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                         (5,607)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                       (1,848)
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                         (5,434)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                          (5,607)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                               (5,613)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                     (869)
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                     (4,458)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              (5,564)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                           (6,021)
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                    (861)
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (4,418)
Net Income available to common - most recent                            (5,607)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                            (1,848)
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                            (5,434)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                       (5,607)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                         (5,607)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                         (5,607)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                            2,503
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                              433
quarter ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - prior trailing                         2,905
12 month ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - trailing 12                            2,030
month ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                 84
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                     16
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                111
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                       50
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                        (5,607)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                        (5,434)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                 (135)
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                            (4,455)
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                -82.35
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                           -101.51
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                          -243.71
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                             -72.61
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                            -114.22
Return on average equity - 5 year average                               -103.63
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                           -110.38
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                          -285.14
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                             -76.71
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                            -127.17
Return on investment - 5 year average                                   -103.63
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                          -110.38
Return on investment - most recent quarter                              -285.14
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                -127.17
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                                 130
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                                  51
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                               130
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                                51
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                                0
year ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                             (171)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                         (223)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                              (25)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                 (224)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                             (56)
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                         (172)
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                            (201)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                            (163)
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                              109
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              59
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            (134)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            (172)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                             (56)
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                           (205)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                 (164)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           (172)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                            (56)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                 (205)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (164)
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           (172)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                            (56)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                 (205)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (164)
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                            (172)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                           (155)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                             (206)
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                           (30)
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                             (79)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                             (20)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                         (148)
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                              (123)
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                                 3
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                              2
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                      0
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                  2
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                     .05
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                         .14
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            2.17
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                   2.79
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                       3.65
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                 133.77
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         4.69
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                   .05
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                                .14
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                   1.15
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                                .64
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.15
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .64
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                         -2,708.52
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                -6,623.81
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                      -8,836.00
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 47.62
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 51.54
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             59.23
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        50.00
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          42.00
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                    -3,531.80
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                      -6,675.00
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                      -4,661.54
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                            -11,550.00
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                         -5,374.78
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                              -10,868.00
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                         -6,682.14
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                         -4,673.85
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                     -3,298.47
Operating margin - most recent quarter                               -11,550.00
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                 -10,874.00
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                            -6,675.00
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                            -4,661.54
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                        -3,536.39
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                  -11,550.00
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                    -10,868.00
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                         3,750.00
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                        2,775.00
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                          4,898.00
Float                                                                     20.59
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                            234
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             29.46
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            33.08
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          32.53
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         33.01
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          33.01
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              33.01
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                            33.01
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                              33.01
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         29.46
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            33.08
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           32.53
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           33.01
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            62.36



Profitability Ratios
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                           4,385
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          2,146
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                             4,738
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            2,162
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              4,758
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                           4,305
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                          1,694
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                          6,852
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                            4,305
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                            1,694
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           1,953
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                           3,595
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              673
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                              433
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                            468
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                                433
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                              468
USD)
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              8
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 19
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                              4,305
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                            1,694
USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                              49
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                              8
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                               40
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                       (5,028)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           (661)
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           (4,078)
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                         (154)
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                         8
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     24
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .02
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .02
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                          .01
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                                .06
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                    .10
(annualized)
Inventory turnover - trailing 12 month                                      .08
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                             4.67
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 4.28
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   3.03
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                   10.13
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        4.59
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                           13.93
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                      8.57
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                          4.59
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             12.48
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                               .12
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                               .05
quarter
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                      -70.60
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                  -24.90
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                  -8.44
Capital Spending growth rate, 5 year                                     -54.80
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            -29.25
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                            -119.01
EPS Change % - year over year                                             23.45
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                                19.74
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          59.23
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                          -30.66
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         -29.32
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                     -118.96
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                   8.92
Net Income Change % - year over year                                       7.48
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                        -48.39
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                         100.00
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                           -54.95
Revenue Change %, year over year                                         -35.38
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                        -50.76
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                            44
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                                 8
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             29
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                          (5,607)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                        (1,848)
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                         (5,434)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                          (5,607)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                         (5,607)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                       (1,848)
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                         (5,434)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                          (5,607)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                               (5,613)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                     (869)
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                     (4,458)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              (5,564)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                           (6,021)
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                    (861)
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (4,418)
Net Income available to common - most recent                            (5,607)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                            (1,848)
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                            (5,434)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                       (5,607)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                         (5,607)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                         (5,607)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                            2,503
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                              433
quarter ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - prior trailing                         2,905
12 month ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - trailing 12                            2,030
month ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                 84
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                     16
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                111
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                       50
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                        (5,607)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                        (5,434)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                 (135)
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                            (4,455)
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                -82.35
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                           -101.51
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                          -243.71
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                             -72.61
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                            -114.22
Return on average equity - 5 year average                               -103.63
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                           -110.38
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                          -285.14
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                             -76.71
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                            -127.17
Return on investment - 5 year average                                   -103.63
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                          -110.38
Return on investment - most recent quarter                              -285.14
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                -127.17
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                                 130
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                                  51
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                               130
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                                51
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                                0
year ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                             (171)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                         (223)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                              (25)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                 (224)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                             (56)
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                         (172)
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                            (201)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                            (163)
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                              109
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              59
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            (134)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            (172)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                             (56)
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                           (205)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                 (164)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           (172)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                            (56)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                 (205)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (164)
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           (172)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                            (56)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                 (205)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (164)
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                            (172)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                           (155)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                             (206)
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                           (30)
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                             (79)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                             (20)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                         (148)
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                              (123)
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                                 3
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                              2
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                      0
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                  2
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                     .05
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                         .14
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            2.17
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                   2.79
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                       3.65
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                 133.77
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         4.69
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                   .05
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                                .14
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                   1.15
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                                .64
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.15
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .64
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                         -2,708.52
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                -6,623.81
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                      -8,836.00
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 47.62
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 51.54
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             59.23
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        50.00
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          42.00
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                    -3,531.80
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                      -6,675.00
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                      -4,661.54
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                            -11,550.00
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                         -5,374.78
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                              -10,868.00
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                         -6,682.14
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                         -4,673.85
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                     -3,298.47
Operating margin - most recent quarter                               -11,550.00
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                 -10,874.00
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                            -6,675.00
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                            -4,661.54
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                        -3,536.39
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                  -11,550.00
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                    -10,868.00
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                         3,750.00
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                        2,775.00
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                          4,898.00
Float                                                                     20.59
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                            234
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             29.46
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            33.08
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          32.53
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         33.01
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          33.01
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              33.01
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                            33.01
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                              33.01
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         29.46
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            33.08
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           32.53
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           33.01
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            62.36



Share Related Items
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                           4,385
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          2,146
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                             4,738
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            2,162
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              4,758
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                           4,305
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                          1,694
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                          6,852
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                            4,305
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                            1,694
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           1,953
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                           3,595
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              673
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                              433
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                            468
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                                433
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                              468
USD)
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              8
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 19
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                              4,305
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                            1,694
USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                              49
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                              8
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                               40
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                       (5,028)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           (661)
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           (4,078)
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                         (154)
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                         8
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     24
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .02
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .02
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                          .01
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                                .06
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                    .10
(annualized)
Inventory turnover - trailing 12 month                                      .08
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                             4.67
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 4.28
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   3.03
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                   10.13
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        4.59
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                           13.93
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                      8.57
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                          4.59
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             12.48
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                               .12
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                               .05
quarter
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                      -70.60
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                  -24.90
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                  -8.44
Capital Spending growth rate, 5 year                                     -54.80
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            -29.25
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                            -119.01
EPS Change % - year over year                                             23.45
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                                19.74
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          59.23
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                          -30.66
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         -29.32
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                     -118.96
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                   8.92
Net Income Change % - year over year                                       7.48
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                        -48.39
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                         100.00
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                           -54.95
Revenue Change %, year over year                                         -35.38
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                        -50.76
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                            44
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                                 8
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             29
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                          (5,607)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                        (1,848)
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                         (5,434)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                          (5,607)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                         (5,607)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                       (1,848)
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                         (5,434)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                          (5,607)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                               (5,613)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                     (869)
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                     (4,458)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              (5,564)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                           (6,021)
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                    (861)
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (4,418)
Net Income available to common - most recent                            (5,607)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                            (1,848)
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                            (5,434)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                       (5,607)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                         (5,607)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                         (5,607)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                            2,503
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                              433
quarter ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - prior trailing                         2,905
12 month ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - trailing 12                            2,030
month ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                 84
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                     16
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                111
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                       50
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                        (5,607)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                        (5,434)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                 (135)
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                            (4,455)
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                -82.35
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                           -101.51
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                          -243.71
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                             -72.61
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                            -114.22
Return on average equity - 5 year average                               -103.63
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                           -110.38
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                          -285.14
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                             -76.71
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                            -127.17
Return on investment - 5 year average                                   -103.63
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                          -110.38
Return on investment - most recent quarter                              -285.14
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                -127.17
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                                 130
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                                  51
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                               130
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                                51
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                                0
year ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                             (171)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                         (223)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                              (25)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                 (224)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                             (56)
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                         (172)
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                            (201)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                            (163)
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                              109
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              59
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            (134)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            (172)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                             (56)
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                           (205)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                 (164)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           (172)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                            (56)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                 (205)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (164)
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           (172)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                            (56)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                 (205)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (164)
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                            (172)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                           (155)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                             (206)
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                           (30)
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                             (79)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                             (20)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                         (148)
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                              (123)
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                                 3
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                              2
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                      0
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                  2
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                     .05
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                         .14
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            2.17
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                   2.79
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                       3.65
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                 133.77
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         4.69
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                   .05
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                                .14
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                   1.15
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                                .64
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.15
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .64
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                         -2,708.52
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                -6,623.81
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                      -8,836.00
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 47.62
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 51.54
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             59.23
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        50.00
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          42.00
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                    -3,531.80
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                      -6,675.00
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                      -4,661.54
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                            -11,550.00
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                         -5,374.78
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                              -10,868.00
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                         -6,682.14
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                         -4,673.85
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                     -3,298.47
Operating margin - most recent quarter                               -11,550.00
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                 -10,874.00
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                            -6,675.00
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                            -4,661.54
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                        -3,536.39
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                  -11,550.00
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                    -10,868.00
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                         3,750.00
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                        2,775.00
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                          4,898.00
Float                                                                     20.59
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                            234
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             29.46
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            33.08
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          32.53
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         33.01
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          33.01
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              33.01
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                            33.01
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                              33.01
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         29.46
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            33.08
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           32.53
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           33.01
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            62.36

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
SECURITY TYPE: Ordinary Shares
EXCHANGE: Over The Counter
TOTAL SHARES OUTSTANDING: 33,014,079
LISTING TYPE:  Ordinary Shares

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: Ernst & Young LLP

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2017


                             258 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Australian

              January 28, 2003, Tuesday All-round Country Edition

Spinal cord grafts 'here in 10 years'

SOURCE: MATP

BYLINE: Leigh Dayton  * Science Writer

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 498 words


TRIALS of three-dimensional biodegradable grafts designed to repair spinal cord
injuries could begin within a decade, a tissue engineer said yesterday at a
spinal cord forum convened by NSW Premier Bob Carr and attended by actor
Christopher Reeve.

Patrick Tresco, of the Keck Centre for Tissue Engineering at the University of
Utah in Salt Lake City told the Making Connections forum at Sydney's Darling
Harbour that yesterday that progress could even be faster if more money and
brainpower was thrown at the problem.

"It's simply a manpower and engineering issue right now," Professor Tresco said.

His goal is to devise scaffold technologies which would enable healthy nerve
cells, or neurones, to "bridge" the point of injury and re-establish lost
sensory or motor function.

Theoretically, the grafts would work anywhere in the central nervous system, the
brain and the spinal cord. That means the technology could be applied to other
CNS disorders such as Alzheimer's and Parkinson's disease.

Professor Tresco's approach is to combine tissue engineering with findings from
his and other laboratories about what triggers the body to create new neurones
and then direct them to hook up appropriately in the CNS.

Neuroscientists have found that nervous-system cells called olfactory
ensheathing glia help neurons hit their mark in the CNS. One possibility is that
OEG could be part of the biochemical cocktail to be "seeded" onto a graft.

According to Professor Tresco, it is unlikely that even the best combination of
cells and biochemicals will connect damaged neurones on their own. They need a
scaffold, much like bone implants.

To that end, Professor Tresco's team is tackling two types of "bio-hybrid"
grafts. One would be seeded with cells which support and direct neurones to grow
through the point of damage, another would have neurones embedded on it. The
replacement neurones would grow out from the graft and connect up with a
patient's healthy nerves.

Professor Tresco's team is now attempting to identify the "specifications" of
materials needed to build spine grafts.

"My feeling is that once we figure out the chemical and physical properties
necessary to direct cell behaviour that there's going to be a lot of potential
materials that will be useful."

The composition of the material used in grafts is critical because each injury
will be slightly different. Moreover, while it is feasible to get neurones to
sit on a graft and grow in the right direction, "the problem is to get them to
get off the material," said Professor Tresco.

He said the scar tissue that forms at the site of injury can stop neuronic
connection. The designer biomaterials would allow growing neurons to exit the
"bridge" and keep growing.

Once the biomaterials are identified and the right structure and cell content is
determined, the process of making the grafts will be turned over to Acorda
Therapeutics, the commercial partner for Professor Tresco's work.

LOAD-DATE: January 27, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: AUS

                   Copyright 2003 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                             259 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Medical Device Daily

                            December 22, 2003 Monday

Product Briefs

LENGTH: 978 words


Product Briefs

· Endologix (Irvine, California) has received U.S. patent No. 6,660,030 B2,
"Bifurcation Graft Deployment Catheter," and No. 6,663,665 B2, "Single-Puncture
Bifurcation Graft Deployment System." These devices are used to deploy
Endologix's endoluminal stent graft (ELG) during minimally invasive treatment
for abdominal aortic aneurysms (AAA). These newly issued patents expand the
company's AAA patent portfolio to 13 U.S. patents issued, with 269 claims. It
said it expects to file a full pre-market approval submission for the PowerLink
System with the FDA by year-end and anticipates receiving marketing approval
during the second half of 2004.

·Guidant (Indianapolis, Indiana) has launched its Acrobat SUV (Swivel,
Universal, Vacuum) Stabilizer System for beating-heart surgery. The Acrobat SUV
Stabilizer System is the next-generation addition to the established Acrobat
line of stabilization devices. The system is designed to provide optimal
stabilization and visibility during coronary artery bypass graft (CABG)
surgeries. Beating-heart stabilization devices such as the Acrobat SUV, provide
surgeons with the ability to perform CABG while the heart is still beating,
eliminating the need for a heart-lung machine. The system includes the Acrobat
Stabilizer and the Xpose Access Device, which is designed to lift the heart,
allowing the surgeon to position and access blood vessels.

· Immunicon (Huntingdon Valley, Pennsylvania) has received 510(k) clearance for
its CellTracks Analyzer for enumeration of CD3 and CD4 lymphocyte subsets.
Physicians use these cells as an aid to monitoring patients with HIV/AIDS. The
CellTracks Analyzer is an automated differential cell counter that uses laser
technology to enumerate and characterize cells based on morphology and
fluorescent signatures. The CellTracks device is Immunicon's second-generation
analyzer and will be used in conjunction with the CellTracks AutoPrep System for
sample preparation and the company's proprietary reagent technology for cell
capture and labeling.

· Medtronic (Minneapolis, Minnesota) reported FDA clearance and U.S. commercial
release of the Medtronic EnPulse pacing system. The new system incorporates an
enhanced suite of features to help physicians better manage patients with slow
heart rhythms and streamline the patient follow-up process, the company said,
including Search AV +, an automatic and expanded search method that senses the
patient's natural heartbeats before delivering pacing therapy; Quick Look II
screen, which allows clinicians to instantly access complete information about
the patient's heart rhythm and pacemaker activity on a single,
easy-to-understand screen; and Ventricular Response Pacing, a specialized form
of pacing that may help the ventricles contract with a regular rhythm. The
EnPulse dual-chamber devices can be upgraded with new therapies, allowing for
forthcoming enhancements that in the future could be enabled without patient
surgery through a programmer software upgrade, Medtronic said.

· Miravant Medical Technologies (Santa Barbara, California), which specializes
in PhotoPoint photodynamic therapy (PDT), said the FDA has granted orphan-drug
designation to PhotoPoint MV2101, its drug candidate for the prevention of
hemodialysis access graft disease in patients with new vascular grafts.
PhotoPoint PDT is a minimally invasive medical procedure using a light-activated
drug to selectively target diseased cells and blood vessels. "As a prophylactic
procedure done at the time of graft implantation, PDT may prevent the
problematic cell growth that causes frequent access failures, a critical
complication for hemodialysis patients," said Gary Kledzik, PhD, chairman and
chief executive officer. "Our preclinical results have provided support for
clinical trials of PhotoPoint PDT, and we have held discussions with the FDA
about initiating Phase II trials. We are currently seeking a corporate partner
to fund these important studies."

· Roche Diagnostics (Basel, Switzerland) reported the launch of its new Factor V
Leiden Kit and Factor II (prothrombin) G20210A Kit for its LightCycler real-time
polymerase chain reaction (PCR) instrument. Both tests allow the detection and
genotyping of inherited mutations in the genes that encode the Factor II and
Factor V proteins, as an aid to diagnosis in the evaluation of patients with
suspected thrombophilia. Inherited thrombophilia predisposes an individual to
thrombotic events such as venous thrombosis, the third most common
cardiovascular disease. The kits received 510(k) clearance under an accelerated
review process from the FDA, and also bear the CE mark, allowing distribution
within the European Union. The tests are now available in Europe for commercial
sales and will be available for commercial sale in the U.S. early next year.
"The clearance for these types of tests increases access to genetic testing
technology important for today's blood clotting mutation identification, and
opens the door to future advances using Roche's MagNA Pure and LightCycler
products," said Heino von Prondzynski, head of Roche Diagnostics.

· TIAX (Cambridge, Massachusetts) reported receiving a U.S. patent for a
multi-layered wound dressing designed for faster and more effective healing of
hard-to-heal wounds. The dressing consists of three layers of non-woven
materials, each of which has a separate function in the healing process. The
contact layer protects the vulnerable, afflicted area while allowing oxygen to
reach the wound. The second layer wicks and transports wound fluid away from the
wound and can act as a depot for topical drug delivery. The third layer allows
air to enter, moisture vapor to escape and is waterproof.  TIAX said is
currently seeking a partner in the wound care industry to manufacture the
dressing for commercialization in the U.S. market.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                          Copyright 2003 AHC Media LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             260 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Medical Device Daily

                            March 14, 2007 Wednesday

Product Briefs

LENGTH: 737 words


Product Briefs   o CryoCath (Montreal), a developer of cryotherapy products to
treat cardiovascular disease, reported six-month follow up data from 18 patients
treated during the feasibility stage of its STOP AF [atrial fibrillation] IDE
trial. The trial, now in the pivotal stage, is assessing the company's Arctic
Front catheter to treat atrial fibrillation (AFIB). This bi-directional,
double-balloon catheter enables physicians to rapidly isolate all four pulmonary
veins for the treatment of AF.  Of the 33 patients treated during the
feasibility stage, the second cohort of 18 patients, which have been treated
with 23 mm or 28 mm catheters as in the pivotal trial, has now reached the
6-month mark. All patients from the second cohort were free of detectable AFIB
at six months. Three of the patients required a second procedure, which is
permissible under the protocol set for the trial. Of these three patients, one
is still receiving anti-arrhythmic drug (AAD) treatment. All of the remaining 17
patients are off AAD's. In comparison to the original 15 patients in the first
cohort of which 73% were AFIB free at the six-month mark, the results show
"noteworthy improvement," the company said.

o Medtronic Spinal and Biologics (Memphis, Tennessee) reported that it received
FDA approval to begin marketing INFUSE Bone Graft for certain oral maxillofacial
and dental regenerative bone grafting procedures. INFUSE Bone Graft is
recombinant human bone morphogenetic protein-2 (rhBMP-2) applied to an
absorbable collagen sponge carrier. The purpose of the protein, which occurs
naturally in the body, is to stimulate bone formation. It has been previously
approved by the FDA for use in certain lumbar spine fusion and tibial fracture
repair procedures. Implanted into a bone-deficient site, INFUSE Bone Graft works
with the body's own biology to induce normal bone formation. That is the third
PMA since 2002 for the INFUSE Bone Graft technology, the company said.

o Molnlycke Health Care US (Norcross, Georgia) reported the introduction of
BioExam, a powder- free, non-latex, sterile examination glove, featuring a
polymer inner coating for ease of donning, removing the need for a powder
lubricant. This eliminates the risk of powder-related complications and reduces
the risk of allergic reactions to aerosolized natural rubber latex proteins, the
company said. The glove is packaged like surgical gloves, in a peel pouch for
easy donning to maintain sterility. It is available in singles or pairs.
Molnlycke Health Care US focuses on prevention of surgically-related infections
for both patients and healthcare workers, and makes powder-free surgical gloves.

oNDS Surgical Imaging (San Jose, California) reported its expansion into
surgery-related infection control markets at the 54thannual congress of the
Association of Peri-Operative Registered Nurses (AORN) in Orlando, Florida. The
new business expansion addresses infection control needs by introducing
next-generation hospital grade disinfectants and barrier protection solutions.
NDS Surgical Imaging is focused primarily on reducing the incidence and costs of
surgical-site infections (SSI) at the point-of-care. OR-Cleanse and Steri-Wipe
are disinfectants designed for hard, non-porous surfaces of surgical and imaging
equipment. Sterile-Touch screens provide effective barrier protection against
microbial transmission derived from medical imaging equipment at the
point-of-care. They are designed specifically for visualization devices that
require constant contact with clinicians.

o Oculus Innovative Sciences (Petaluma, California) reported publication of
results from a non-randomized study of its Dermacyn Wound Care (DWC) product,
conducted in Italy for the treatment of wide post-surgical infected diabetic
foot ulcers. The results were published in the current issue of International
Journal of Lower Extremity Wounds. Researchers at the University of Pisa (Pisa,
Italy) used an experimental study design comparing 33 patients with diabetes who
had post surgical lesions > 5 square centimeters without ischemia. The study
indicated that patients treated with Dermacyn in combination with antibiotics
had a significant decrease in healing time and duration of antibiotic therapy,
and experienced a higher healing rate at six months compared with the group
treated with diluted povidone iodine in combination with antibiotics.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                          Copyright 2007 AHC Media LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             261 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2014 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                       GlobalData - Business Description

                                 April 25, 2014

                        Lombard Medical Technologies PLC

                     Lombard Medical House, 4 Trident Park
                         Didcot,  Oxfordshire OX11 7HJ
                                 United Kingdom

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

OVERVIEW

   Lombard Medical Technologies PLC (LMT) is a medical technology company. The
company is active in designing, development, manufacture, and commercialization
of endovascular solutions in the UK, Europe, the US, and internationally. It
develops and commercializes cardiovascular devices and medical fabrics. LMT's
flagship product includes Aorfix, which is an endovascular stent graft and is
used for the treatment of abdominal aortic aneurysm. The company carries out its
operations through a single operating segment, namely, Cardiovascular Devices
and Medical Fabrics segment for developing stent graft technology for the repair
of abdominal aortic aneurysms. Its Cardiovascular Devices and Medical Fabrics
division develops devices to treat vascular conditions such as Abdominal Aortic
Aneurysms (AAA). The stent graft technology is for the repair of abdominal
aortic aneurysms and provides a less aggressive alternative to open surgery,
resulting in better clinical outcomes. LMT's flagship product, Aorfix is an
endovascular stent graft licensed to treat aneurysms in complex anatomies with
neck angulations of up to 90Â°. The Aorfix endovascular stent graft has a unique
coil design that gives it unrivaled flexibility enabling it to be used in
patients with tortuous anatomies that cannot be satisfactorily treated with
other licensed stent grafts. It is currently licensed for use in Europe, Russia
and Brazil. The company manufactures Aorfix delivery systems at its headquarters
Didcot. The stent grafts are manufactured in collaboration with sub-assembler
and its subsidiary Culzean Medical Devices Limited in Scotland, which also
provides medical fabric contract manufacturing services to other companies. It
markets its products under brands Aorfix, EndoRefix and Thoracic Aorfix. LMT
markets Aorfix in the UK through its sales force and is sold in Europe and parts
of South America through a network of local distributors that is supported in
key markets. The company sells its products directly through its direct sales
force and distributors. Its research and development (R&D) activities are
concentrated on the developments and commercialization of its lead product
Aorfix. For the fiscal year ended 2012, LMT invested GBP 4.5m to its R&D
activities, indicating a decrease of 30% from that of 2011.

   The company has five wholly owned subsidiaries, namely, LionMedical Limited,
Lombard Medical Technologies Inc, Lombard Medical Limited, Lombard Medical
Scotland Limited and Lombard Medical Technologies GmbH.

   Geographically, it divided its revenue into two segments, namely, United
Kingdom and United States of America. For the fiscal year ended 20121, United
Kingdom accounted for 99% of the total revenue of LMT followed by United States
of America with 1%.

   In May 2013, the company announced that it has filed a petition with the US
Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) for Inter Partes Review of the validity of
the broadest claims of US patent No. 6,306,141 (â[#x20ac][#x17e]141 patent),
entitled Medical devices incorporating stress-induced martensite (SIM) alloy
elements, which is assigned to Medtronic Inc.


* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Business Description                    Company Investment Analysis
Company Overview                        Company Product Pipeline Analysis
Company Statement                       Events
Financial Ratios                        History
Investments                             Key Employee Biographies
Key Employees                           Key Facts
Locations and Subsidiaries              Major Products and Services
Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: April 25, 2014


                             262 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Medical Device Daily

                             May 10, 2012 Thursday

Product Briefs

LENGTH: 776 words


o Medtronic (Minneapolis) said it is expanding availability of the Valiant
Captivia thoracic stent graft system in several countries, including China,
Japan and the U.S. The stent graft system is approved by the FDA for
endovascular repair of aneurysms and penetrating ulcers of the descending
thoracic aorta in patients with a non-aneurysmal aortic diameter in the range of
18-42 mm and non-aneurysmal aortic proximal and distal neck lengths [>=] 20 mm.
The device's approved indications in China and Japan are similar. The stent
graft system updates earlier generation devices by featuring an eight-peak crown
that effectively secures the deployed device inside the aorta. It is also more
flexible and conformable through the elimination of the longitudinal connecting
bar found in other stent grafts, the company said. Medtronic also reported the
completion of enrollment in an investigational clinical study of the Valiant
Captivia Stent Graft System as a minimally invasive treatment for blunt thoracic
aortic injuries. Data from this FDA-approved clinical research study, called
RESCUE, will be used to seek an expanded indication for the device to treat
aortic transections.

o Spiracur (Sunnyvale, California), a maker of ultraportable and disposable
negative pressure wound therapy (NPWT) devices, reported the final results of a
17-center prospective randomized-controlled clinical trial evaluating the safety
and efficacy of its SNaP Wound Care System for the treatment of chronic lower
extremity wounds, and non-inferiority compared to the electrically powered KCI
V.A.C. therapy system. Final results from the pivotal study are published in the
May-June 2012 issue of Wound Repair and Regeneration. The SNaP System was proven
significantly better compared to the VAC in multiple areas including less
interference in daily activities; less interruption in sleep; less impact on
social activities, and improved comfort.

o Stereotaxis (St. Louis) has released to the European market the V-Sono
intracardiac echocardiography manipulator module for the Vdrive Remote
Navigation System. Designed to manipulate accessory devices such as variable
loop catheters, steerable sheaths, and ultrasound catheters, the Vdrive platform
combines magnetic navigation with the Odyssey information management system to
bring precise control during catheter-based EP procedures. The company also
reported the first human case using the V-Sono module has been performed. A
patient was treated for a complex left persistent atrial fibrillation and
surgeons performed a fully remote intervention, using the Vdrive Duo platform
(the V-Loop module for the circular mapping catheter and the V-Sono module for
the ICE catheter) in concert with the Niobe ES Magnetic Navigation System.

o Topera Medical (San Diego) reported the completion of initial independent
clinical cases using the company's RhythmView 3D mapping system for identifying
the specific sources that drive and sustain atrial fibrillation (AF). Twelve
electrophysiologists at eight sites across the U.S. evaluated the RhythmView
system in more than 30 patients suffering from paroxysmal, persistent and
long-standing persistent AF. 3D FIRMaps produced by the RhythmView system
enabled clinicians to identify in all patients the sources of AF, such as rotors
and focal beats. Multiple simultaneous sources were identified in the majority
of cases. Topera is in advanced stages of RhythmView physician preference
testing and expects to complete the current phase in 3Q12 as part of its
preparation for commercialization in 2013.

o Welch Allyn (Skaneateles Falls, New York) has introduced the industry's first
extra small, disposable vaginal speculum at the American College of
Obstetricians and Gynecologists (ACOG) Annual Clinical Meeting in San Diego.
Available for sale in August, the extra small KleenSpec Disposable Vaginal
Speculum joins the company's suite of vaginal specula designed to work with the
Welch Allyn Cordless Illumination System. They are made of smooth, molded
acrylic that will not pinch or bind tissue, and their wider handles provide
improved ergonomics, better balance, and are easier to manipulate during exams.
KleenSpec Disposable Vaginal Specula are designed to fit directly onto the Welch
Allyn Cordless Illumination System. Featuring automatic on/off, light-emitting
diodes (LEDs) provide a whiter, brighter light source that enhances
visualization of the exam area with true tissue rendition and less heat than
traditional lamps. In addition, the light pipe on the specula provides a
homogeneous spot and eliminates glare-back, projecting light forward where it is
needed most.

LOAD-DATE: May 24, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                          Copyright 2012 AHC Media LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             263 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 BusinessWorld

                              April 4, 2014 Friday

Bill increasing the period for filing graft and corruption cases approved

BYLINE: Imee Charlee C. Delavin

SECTION: Pg. S1/10

LENGTH: 584 words


THE HOUSE committee on revision of laws has recently approved a bill that will
double the prescriptive period for filing graft and corruption cases to 30 years
to bar public officials from escaping criminal liability by mere technicality.

The House panel has endorsed for plenary approval House Bill (HB) 4146 filed
November last year by Deputy Speaker and Isabela Rep. Giorgidi B. Aggabao (4th
district).

In filing the bill, Mr. Aggabao said violations to Republic Act (RA) 3019 or the
Anti-Graft and Corrupt Practices Act are considered to be one of the most
difficult crimes to investigate and prosecute "as it thrive in secrecy and
building up of cases takes considerable amount of time."

"Records show that those accused of violating the Anti-Graft and Corrupt
Practices Act are often made liable for their crimes only upon its discovery
either after their term, or even after the change in administration. By the time
an Information in the graft court is to be filed, the crime is about to
prescribe or has already prescribed," he said.

HB 4146 will amend Section 11 or the prescription of offenses of the Anti-Graft
and Corrupt Practices Act.

The proposed Section 11 shall read: "All offenses punishable under this Act
shall prescribe in thirty years."

The extension of another 15 years, Mr. Aggabao said, "would ensure that those
who violate the said act would not be able to escape liability by mere
technicality of the current 15-year prescription period."

PERVASIVE

Mr. Aggabao, in the explanatory note of the bill, noted that in the country,
graft and corruption has become pervasive that "it developed into a total
systemic affliction."

"Recently, we were dumbfounded by the grand larceny of public funds for private
pecuniary gain and benefit. It is bleeding the coffers of the government and the
innocent victims is no less than the Filipino people," the lawmaker said.

Mr. Aggabao added that the amendment to the anti-graft law is also in compliance
with the provisions of the United Nations Convention Against Corruption (UNCAC),
to which the Philippines is a signatory.

The UNCAC, which was adopted by the international community through the United
Nations (UN), seeks to address the growing "malady" of graft and corruption
around the world. The UN has tied underdevelopment with graft and corruption
saying that it affects not only the development of countries but it is also a
stumbling block in uplifting the lives of the people.

UNCAC was adopted by the UN General Assembly in October 2003 . It was opened for
signature in Mexico in December 2003, and thereafter at UN headquarters in New
York City. It was signed by 140 countries.

In its 71 Articles divided into 8 Chapters, UNCAC requires that signatories
implement several anti-corruption measures which may affect their laws,
institutions and practices.

DEBATE

Meanwhile, following the approval at the committee level, the House panel headed
by Pangasinan Rep. Marlyn L. Primicias-Agabas (6th district) said the proposed
measure will be scheduled for plenary debate and approval when Congress resumes
sessions next month. Congress is currently on break since March 15.

Amendments to the Anti-Graft and Corrupt Practices Act were originally
introduced in the 14th Congress by Cagayan De Oro City Rep. Rufus B. Rodriguez
(2nd district).

In the 15th Congress, a similar bill was re-filed by Tarlac Rep. Susan A. Yap
(2nd district). Both bills only reached committee level approval - the step
prior to endorsement to plenary for second reading approval.

LOAD-DATE: April 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2014 BusinessWorld Publishing Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             264 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 6, 2014 Thursday

US Patent granted to Cook Medical Technologies LLC (Indiana) on March 04 titled
as "Graft with bioabsorbable support frame"

LENGTH: 215  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 8,663,308, on
March 04, 2014, to Cook Medical Technologies LLC (Indiana), titled as "Graft
with bioabsorbable support frame"

Inventors:  Schafer; Michael (Bloomington, IN), Conder; Andrew W. (Bloomington,
IN), Harrell; Robert W. (Indianapolis, IN), Wassmann; Marck (Copenhagen, DK),
Andersen; Gert P. (Copenhagen, DK)

Assignee:  Cook Medical Technologies LLC (Bloomington, IN)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "The
medical devices, such as stent grafts, described herein preferably include a
tubular remodelable graft material attached to a support frame formed at least
in part from a metallic bioabsorbable material. The remodelable graft material
preferably includes an extracellular matrix material such as small intestinal
submucosa (SIS). The support frame attached to the graft is preferably a
bioabsorbable magnesium alloy. The devices may be implanted within a peripheral
vascular body vessel from a percutaneous delivery catheter."

The patent was filed on September 18, 2006 Application no.  11/522,835

For more information please visit: http://www.uspto.gov/. In case of any query
regarding this article or other content needs please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             265 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        Progressive Media - Company News

                            April 22, 2015 Wednesday

Medtronic commences new feasibility study to assess Valiant Mona LSA system

SECTION: CARDIOVASCULAR DEVICES; Research And Development

LENGTH: 283 words



HIGHLIGHT: Irish medical technology firm Medtronic has commenced a new
feasibility study to assess the safety and effectiveness of the Valiant Mona LSA
branch thoracic stent graft system.


Valiant Mona is an investigational medical device that has been designed to
provide a complete endovascular solution for aortic aneurysms encroaching on the
left subclavian artery (LSA).



Cleveland Clinic cardiothoracic surgeon Dr Eric Roselli has completed the first
implant in the study, who is the national primary investigator of the study.

Dr Roselli said: "The use of an off-the-shelf stent graft system with a built-in
branch has the potential to simplify this challenge by eliminating the routine
requirement for surgical LSA bypass."

The company intends to enroll 24 subjects at up to seven sites in the US, which
will characterize the safety and effectiveness of the investigational device
acutely and at 30 days.

The Valiant Mona LSA system includes two pieces, including a graft for placement
in the aneurysmal segment of the aorta and a branch graft for placement in the
LSA.

Its two pieces fit together to exclude the aneurysm and maintain patency of the
LSA in their deployed state. The main graft features a tapered opening or cuff
that is oriented toward the LSA, while the branch graft fits inside the cuff and
terminates in the LSA.

Medtronic aortic and peripheral vascular business aortic franchise general
manager and vice-president Daveen Chopra said: "The start of this study
represents another step forward in our efforts to develop standardized stent
graft systems for the treatment of aortic disease involving branch vessels."

In 2012, Valiant Mona LSA system was studied as part of an early feasibility
pilot program for medical devices initiated by the US Food and Drug
Administration (FDA).

Image: Medtronic operational headquarters, Minneapolis. Photo: courtesy of
Medtronic, Inc.

LOAD-DATE: April 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2015 Progressive Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             266 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 2, 2014 Saturday

US Patent granted to Arthrex, Inc (FL) on July 29 titled as "Method for creating
a double bundle ligament orientation in a single bone tunnel during knee
ligament reconstruction"

LENGTH: 231  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 8,790,401, on
July 29, 2014, to Arthrex, Inc (FL), titled as "Method for creating a double
bundle ligament orientation in a single bone tunnel during knee ligament
reconstruction"

Inventors: Schmieding; Reinhold (Naples, FL), Morgan; Craig D. (Greenville, DE),
Caborn; David N. (Louisville, KY)
Assignee: Arthrex, Inc. (Naples, FL)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
method and construct for joint repair in which attachment of a double bundle
graft ligament approximates anatomic orientation using interference fixation in
a single bone tunnel. The double bundle graft features separable strands. A
threaded screw is inserted between the separable strands and provides
interference fixation of the graft against radially opposing walls defining the
bone tunnel. Attachment of the graft using separated strands more closely
approximate the configuration of the native ligament. The resulting
reconstruction exhibits mechanical functionality that more accurately mimics
that of the intact joint, with a minimum of associated tissue morbidity."

The patent was filed on. June 25, 2012 Application no. 13/532,203

For more information please visit: http://www.uspto.gov/. In case of any query
regarding this article or other content needs please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             267 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                           February 9, 2006 Thursday
                                 Metro Edition

Med-tech firm CABG to be sold, or fold;
After tests of its heart surgery product ended in failure, the Plymouth company
will close if a buyer isn't found.

BYLINE: Janet Moore, Staff Writer

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 1D

LENGTH: 434 words


CABG Medical Inc., the latest med-tech brainchild of Twin Cities entrepreneur
Manny Villafana, said Wednesday that it will wind down its operations and seek a
buyer.

If one isn't found, the Plymouth company will shut down.

The news comes after CABG suspended clinical trials of its Holly Graft System,
intended to be used as a new method for coronary bypass surgery.

The current product would require an "extensive and costly redesign with no
assurance that the redesign would be successful," Villafana said.

CABG has dismissed seven of its 11 full-time employees and ended research and
development efforts involving the Holly Graft.

Villafana is best known in the med-tech community for founding Little
Canada-based St. Jude Medical Inc. He also started ATS Medical Inc. and Cardiac
Pacemakers Inc., now part of Guidant Corp.

Typically, bypass surgery requires two operations - one for the heart, and a
second to take healthy vessels from the chest, legs or arms for use in the
bypass procedure. The Holly Graft System is an artificial blood-vessel graft
designed to eliminate the second surgery.

The company went public in 2004 at $5.50 a share, raising $34.8 million, and
subsequently initiated clinical trials in Europe and Australia.

In August, it reported that grafts implanted in two Australian patients became
blocked and were no longer functional. In mid-November, grafts in 12 of 35
patients were reported to have had the same problem, and  two deaths were
reported.

However, one of those deaths was not related to the device, and the other
occurred as the graft was removed from the patient before the surgery was
completed.

The company said it tried a number of remedies for the problem, to no avail.

CABG said it has hired the Minneapolis investment banking firm of Goldsmith Agio
Helms to help it evaluate its "strategic alternatives."

"We'll try to find a partner. There might be someone out there who wants to
develop the technology further," Villafana said Wednesday night. "If not, we'll
close it down.

"I am deeply saddened by this event and regret that we will not be able to
fulfill our commitment to our investors, our surgeons and most importantly, the
patients we aspired to treat."

Should the company decide that it will close, shareholders may receive a
distribution of assets worth $1.20 to $1.47 per share.

The disbursement would depend on whether creditors can be paid, and assuming
there are no further legal claims and "adverse events," the company said.

CABG's stock closed Wednesday at $1.24, down 15 cents.

The company's announcement came after the market closed.

Janet Moore - 612-673-7752

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2006 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             268 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               India Pharma News

                        May 13, 2016 Friday 6:30 AM EST

Humacyte Commences Phase III Clinical Trial of Human Acellular Vessel

LENGTH: 595  words


May 13 -- Humacyte, an innovator in biotechnology and regenerative medicine,
announced today the commencement of a Phase III study of HUMACYL, its
investigational human acellular vessel (HAV), as a conduit for hemodialysis in
patients with End-Stage Renal Disease (ESRD) requiring renal replacement therapy
and who are not candidates for fistula. In the trial, HUMACYL will be compared
to expanded polytetrafluoroethylene (ePTFE) grafts, standard of care for
patients not suitable for fistula. The HUMANITY trial will be conducted at
approximately 35 sites in the U.S., Europe and Israel with 350 evaluable
subjects, making it the largest study of any bioengineered vascular tissue to
date. Among the first sites expected to enroll patients are Brigham & Women's
Hospital in Boston, Mass., Michigan Vascular Center in Flint, Mich., Vascular
Associates in Dallas, Texas, The Regional Medical Center in Orangeburg, S.C.,
Greenwood Leflore Hospital, Greenwood, Miss., Arizona Kidney Disease and
Hypertension Center, Phoenix, Ariz., Washington University, St. Louis, Mo. and
University of South Florida, Tampa, Fla.

"Over 400,000 people with End-Stage Renal Disease undergo hemodialysis to remove
deadly toxins from the blood when their kidneys fail. Methods for establishing
vascular access for dialysis are still inadequate, as evidenced by low rates of
long-term patency and significant rates of infection among other complications,"
said Jeffrey H. Lawson, M.D., Ph.D., Chief Medical Officer of Humacyte. "HUMACYL
is the first bioengineered tissue to advance to Phase III clinical studies for
investigation in a life-sustaining use. HUMACYL may offer a potential safe and
effective alternative for vascular access in hemodialysis treatment and we are
excited to begin this pivotal clinical trial."

In the Phase II clinical studies of HUMACYL, the HAVs were cannulated and used
safely for hemodialysis in the clinic, and patients safely underwent
interventions to maintain patency. Phase II study data also suggested the vessel
may have the potential for long-term functional vascular patency (the ability of
blood vessels to remain open and durable over time). In this 60-patient Phase II
trial, the rate of interventions was similar to historic rates for synthetic
grafts. Preliminary histological evidence suggests repopulation of HUMACYL with
the patient's own cells, with further studies needed to demonstrate the
mechanism of repopulation.

The primary objective of this Phase III study will be to compare the secondary
patency of the HAV with that of the ePTFE graft when used as a conduit for
hemodialysis. The study population includes subjects with ESRD who require
hemodialysis and who are not candidates for fistula and thus are targeted for
implantation of an arteriovenous (AV) graft for dialysis access. The rate of
access-related infections for the HAV compared with that of the ePTFE graft will
also be assessed. The study may also provide data that could help determine
whether patency of HUMACYL, together with other potential positive, long-term,
clinical outcomes with use of the HAV, may result in lower healthcare costs for
care of hemodialysis patients.

Humacyte believes that the results of this prospective, open-label, randomized,
two-arm, comparative study will help support an application for marketing
authorization using 12-month active study patient data post-implantation of the
vascular access conduit. Patients will be followed up to 76 months inclusive of
initiation of enrollment through completion of final data collection.

Source: Humacyte

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2016 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             269 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 6, 2014 Wednesday

US Patent granted to Warsaw Orthopedic, Inc. (Indiana) on August 05 titled as
"Osteochondral plug graft, kit and method"

LENGTH: 187  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 8,795,361, on
August 05, 2014, to Warsaw Orthopedic, Inc. (Indiana), titled as "Osteochondral
plug graft, kit and method"

Inventors: Nycz; Jeffrey H (Collierville, TN), Kinnane; Keith M (Bartlett, TN),
Drapeau; Susan J (Cordova, TN), Shimko; Daniel A (Germantown, TN), Bharadwaj;
Jeetendra S (Memphis, TN)
Assignee: Warsaw Orthopedic, Inc. (Warsaw, IN)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "Each
of an osteochondral plug graft and a kit comprises a trapezoid shaped construct
configured for osteochondral implanting. An osteochondral regeneration method
comprises forming a recipient socket in a chondral area of an articular joint in
need of repair; harvesting a trapezoid shaped graft from another chondral area;
and implanting the trapezoid shaped graft into the recipient socket."

The patent was filed on July 31, 2008 Application no. 12/183,866

For more information please visit: http://www.uspto.gov/. In case of any query
regarding this article or other content needs please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             270 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                           December 1, 2016 Thursday

Head Line: US Patent granted to Cook Medical Technologies LLC on November 29,
2016 titled as "Hemodialysis graft"

LENGTH: 200 words

DATELINE: New York


ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no.
9,504,552 on November 29, 2016, to Cook Medical Technologies LLC titled as
"Hemodialysis graft"

Inventors: Stanley; Cleon (Bloomington, IN)


Assignee: Cook Medical Technologies LLC (Bloomington, IN)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
graft is used to interconnect two vessels, such as an artery and a vein for
hemodialysis. The graft includes a body having first and second ends, and a wall
to define a passageway formed in the body. The wall includes a plurality of
tubular layers, such as a first layer and one or more second layers disposed
radially inward relative to the first layer. Each second layer has first and
second ends that can be enclosable. The second layer is removable from the graft
body from within the passageway of the graft body after clot formation. A
grasper can be used to attach with at least one of the ends of the second layer.
In response to withdrawal of the grasper, the corresponding end of the second
layer gathers radially inward away from a layer adjacent to the second layer."

The patent was filed on November 30, 2012 Application No. 13/690,547


LOAD-DATE: December 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             271 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 12, 2013 Saturday

USPTO Published Patent application of Equistar Chemicals LP titled as "TIE LAYER
ADHESIVES HAVING GRAFT COMPOSITIONS FOR BONDING TO METAL SUBSTRATES"

LENGTH: 220  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an application no.
20130260064, published on October 03, 2013, by Equistar Chemicals LP, titled as
"TIE LAYER ADHESIVES HAVING GRAFT COMPOSITIONS FOR BONDING TO METAL SUBSTRATES"
for the registration of patent.

Inventors:   Botros; Maged G.; (Liberty Township, OH)
Assignee: Equistar Chemicals LP
Houston
TX

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office:
"Tie-layer adhesives having graft compositions for bonding to metal substrates
is disclosed. The graft compositions are made up of the reaction product of a
live, grafted polyolefin and an olefin elastomer. The grafted polyolefin is
first made by heating a polyolefin and an unsaturated monomer. Further reaction
of the live, grafted polyolefin with an olefin elastomer provides the graft
composition. Grafting efficiency is boosted dramatically by the presence of the
olefin elastomer and use of the additional reaction step. The graft composition,
when formulated into a tie-layer adhesive provides improved bonding to metal
substrates."

The Patent was filed on September 29, 2011 under application No. 20130260064

For more information please visit: http://www.uspto.gov/. In case of any query
regarding this article or other content needs please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             272 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        Progressive Media - Company News

                           November 21, 2013 Thursday

Medtronic's Valiant Mona LSA stent graft system demonstrates proof of concept in
early feasibility study

SECTION: NORTH AMERICA; Cardiovascular Devices

LENGTH: 294 words



HIGHLIGHT: Medtronic's Valiant 'Mona LSA' branch thoracic stent graft system
demonstrated proof of concept in a first-in-human study being conducted under
the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA)'s 'Innovation Pathway' early
feasibility pilot programme.


The early feasibility study was approved by the FDA under an investigational
device exemption and enrolled seven patients from the United States to
demonstrate proof of principle and initial clinical safety.

Acute procedure results from all seven patients revealed 100% technical success
and 100% patency in both main and branch stent graft. There were no Type I or
III endoleaks.

The Valiant Mona LSA system is designed to enable endovascular repair of
thoracic aortic aneurysms encroaching on the left subclavian artery (LSA) by
excluding the aneurysm from blood flow while maintaining perfusion of the LSA.

Based on the market-leading Valiant Captivia thoracic stent graft, the
investigational system features a branch cuff that accommodates the LSA branch
graft.

Its unique design eliminates the routine requirement for surgical LSA bypass,
which proves necessary following about 40% of thoracic aortic aneurysm cases
where coverage of the LSA is required to achieve a seal zone with the stent
graft.

The Valiant Mona LSA system was the first of nine devices selected for
evaluation as part of the FDA's Innovation Pathway, a new pilot program intended
to encourage early-stage clinical investigation of new medical devices in the
United States. More information about the program can be found on the FDA
website.

Cleveland Clinic cardiothoracic surgeon and first-in-human study's national
primary investigator Dr Eric Roselli noted thoracic aortic aneurysms involving
branch vessels such as the LSA can be particularly challenging to treat.

"The Valiant Mona LSA system could help address an unmet need in the treatment
of thoracic aortic aneurysms. This is clearly reflected in the FDA's decision to
help advance the development of this new therapy," Dr Roselli added.

LOAD-DATE: November 22, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2013 Progressive Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             273 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 13, 2013 Thursday

USPTO Published Patent application of KIPS BAY MEDICAL, INC. titled as "Graft
Apparatus"

LENGTH: 299 words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an application no.
20130144374, on June 06, 2013, by KIPS BAY MEDICAL, INC., titled as "Graft
Apparatus" for the registration of patent.

Inventors:  Zilla; Peter P.; (Cape Town, ZA) ; Rafiee; Nasser; (Andover, MA) ;
Bezuidenhout; Deon; (Cape Town, ZA) ; Franz; Thomas; (Devils Peak, ZA) ; Yeoman;
Mark; (East Sussex, GB) ; Bowles; Helmut; (Bloubergrant, ZA) ; Douk; Nareak;
(Lowell, MA) ; Wolf; Michael C.; (Golden Valley, MN) ; Human; Paul; (Cape Town,
ZA)
Assignee:  KIPS BAY MEDICAL, INC.
Minneapolis
MN

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office:
"Stents and methods of using stents are provided. Stents of the invention
provide external support structure for a blood vessel segment disposed within,
wherein the stents are capable of resilient radial expansion in a manner
mimicking the compliance properties of an artery. The stent may be formed of a
knitted or braided mesh formed so as to provide the needed compliance
properties. A venous graft with the stent and a vein segment disposed within is
provided, wherein graft is capable of mimicking the compliance properties of an
artery. Methods of selecting stents for downsizing and methods of using the
stents of the invention in downsizing and smoothening are provided. Methods of
replacing a section of an artery with a venous graft including a stent of the
invention are provided. Methods of reducing intimal hyperplasia in implanted
vein segment in a venous graft using stents of the invention are provided."

The Patent was filed on January 21, 2013 under application No. 20130144374

For more information please visit: http://www.uspto.gov/. In case of any query
regarding this article or other content needs please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             274 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Tribune-Review (Greensburg, PA)

                           December 15, 2015 Tuesday

Carnival worker petitions to have attempted homicide charge dropped

BYLINE: by LIZ ZEMBA

LENGTH: 539 words


A carnival worker accused of running over and dragging a Dunbar man with a truck
during the week of the Fayette County Fair left the scene to return to his
trailer, where police said he was found several hours later, drunk and asleep.

David Lee Weaver, 55, of Cape Coral, Fla., is charged with attempted homicide,
aggravated assault, aggravated assault by vehicle while driving under the
influence, driving under the influence, simple assault and reckless
endangerment.

Weaver was in court Monday for a hearing on a petition to have the charges
dismissed and evidence excluded from trial. Judge Steve Leskinen heard from
several witnesses, but he did not immediately rule on the petition.

In a criminal complaint, state police said that on Aug. 1, Weaver was driving a
Ford F-250 and ran over Ryan Anthony Graft of Dunbar on Pechin Road at Country
Road in Dunbar. Graft, who was dragged 50 to 100 feet, suffered a head injury
and severe fractures to his lower extremities, police said.

Graft, who attended a hearing for Weaver at the courthouse on Monday, now uses a
wheelchair.

Katelyn Oldham of Perryopolis testified that she, Graft and Graft's uncle had
just left Al's Pub around 2 a.m. when a truck began to tailgate them on Pechin
Road. She testified she pulled off to the side so the truck could pass, but
instead it stopped next to her vehicle.

Weaver and two others who had been at the bar got out of the truck, Oldham
testified. She, Graft and Graft's uncle, Robert "Bubba" Hall of Dunbar, got out
of her vehicle and the six began to argue and fight in the road.

Oldham testified she thought the fight was about to end when Weaver jumped into
the truck and ran over Graft, who was standing 10 to 15 feet in front of it.

Hall testified Weaver dragged Graft 50 to 100 feet.

"He gassed it and ran my nephew right over," Hall testified.

Trooper Jason Ashton of state police at Uniontown testified video surveillance
at Al's Pub helped identify Weaver, but they did not find him until 5 a.m.
Weaver was asleep in a "carny trailer" in the fairground's front parking lot,
Ashton testified.

"Mr. Weaver was highly intoxicated," Ashton testified. "He was unsure of his
footing."

Weaver had a blood alcohol concentration of .233, Ashton testified. Pennsylvania
drivers with a blood alcohol content of .08 are considered legally impaired.

Weaver's public defender, Mike Garofalo of Uniontown, wants the DUI charge
dismissed because the blood was drawn beyond the two-hour limit required by law.
He said the attempted homicide charge should be dismissed because there is no
evidence Weaver intended to kill Graft.

J.W. Eddy, assistant district attorney, said the two-hour limit does not apply
because Weaver fled the scene and police made every effort to identify and
locate him as soon as possible.

The attempted homicide charge should be left to a jury to decide, he said.

"Mr. Weaver got in that truck with the victim standing in front of him and
gunned it," Eddy said. "Running someone over with a truck, the jury can
certainly infer an intent to kill Mr. Graft."

Weaver is in the Fayette County Prison in lieu of $35,000 bond.

Liz Zemba is a staff writer for Trib Total Media. She can be reached at
412-601-2166 or lzemba@tribweb.com

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2015 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             275 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Medical Device Daily

                             April 20, 2010 Tuesday

Product Briefs

LENGTH: 618 words


o Absorption Systems (Exton, Pennsylvania), a specialist in testing drugs for
ADMET (Absorption, Distribution, Metabolism, Excretion and Toxicity), reported
that it has incorporated the LTQ Orbitrap XL Hybrid Fourier Transform mass
spectrometer into its drug metabolism program. The LTQ Orbitrap XL, developed by
Thermo Scientifc (Waltham, Massachusetts), is based on the fast and sensitive
LTQ XLT linear ion trap mass spectrometer and the Orbitrap mass analyzer. This
combination results in an instrument with unsurpassed capabilities for
metabolite identification, while retaining sensitivity and dynamic range. The
LTQ Orbitrap XL can perform quantification of a parent drug in complex
biological matrices (from in vitro microsomal incubates to plasma samples
generated in the course of an in vivo pharmacokinetic study), while
automatically detecting plausible metabolites and acquiring MS(n) data required
for their structural elucidation.

o Caliper Life Sciences (Hopkinton, Massachusetts) has introduced the Quantum
FX, a stand-alone microCT system for preclinical imaging. The Quantum FX is a
low-dose, microCT system that provides researchers with a 3-dimensional
anatomical view of disease activity, tumor development and therapeutic response
over multiple time points during the course of a study. Traditional microCT
systems use high doses of radiation, which limit the number of images that can
be acquired without altering the animal's biological response. Quantum FX uses
ultra-fast, sensitive and low dosage CT technology to create high resolution 3-D
images with minimal X-ray exposure, the company said.

o Cardica (Redwood City, California) reported the publication of a study
demonstrating that the use of its anastomosis (stapling) devices provides a safe
and effective means to connect arterial grafts during beating-heart coronary
artery bypass graft (CABG) procedures. The study, which was published in
Innovations, evaluated the safety and efficacy of Cardica's C-Port xA Distal and
Flex-A Anastomosis Systems (C-Port xA and Flex-A) during beating-heart CABG
procedures. Results showed that Cardica's anastomosis systems connected arterial
grafts consistently and effectively during bypass procedures performed on a
beating heart without the use of a heart-lung machine, and that these grafts
remained open in short and mid-term follow-up. According to the study, the
C-Port xA and Flex-A stapling devices consistently and reproducibly connected an
arterial graft with the push of a button in approximately two minutes. The
specific connection of the internal mammary artery to the left anterior
descending artery studied in the publication is considered the optimal
connection for coronary bypass procedures.

o iWorx (Dover, New Hampshire) has added a plug-in ECG analysis software module
to its suite of systems, components and software for advanced cardiovascular
research. The LabScribe2 ECG Software Module automates the analysis of ECG data
from a variety of animal species and provides a comprehensive set of
pre-configured routines to simplify data interpretation and analysis. Specific
analysis templates are included to accurately delineate PQRST onset, durations
and amplitudes. Custom templates can also be created based on unique ECG
profiles and saved to a library for future use. The iWorx LabScribe2 ECG
Software Module is plug and play compatible with all iWorx Data Acquisition and
Analysis Systems. The software can display up to 128 channels of data
simultaneously at sampling rates as high as 100,000 samples/second. A separate
ASCII Text Import Module is available that enables import of ECG data in text
format that was recorded by any other acquisition program.

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                          Copyright 2010 AHC Media LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             276 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 8, 2015 Thursday

US Patent granted to Smith & Nephew, Inc (Tennessee) on January 06, titled as
"Tissue graft anchoring"

LENGTH: 185  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 8,926,662, on
January 06, 2015, to Smith & Nephew, Inc (Tennessee), titled as "Tissue graft
anchoring"

Inventors:  Perriello; Michael James (Hopedale, MA), Berube; Alfred Rodrigue
(North Attleboro, MA), Ferragamo; Michael Charles (Foster, RI)
Assignee:  Smith & Nephew, Inc. (Memphis, TN)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
fixation device includes a member defining at least two openings, and a suture
tied to the member by passing the suture through the at least two openings in
the member to form two suture loops through which ends of the suture pass. The
two suture loops are interconnected. A method of securing a tissue graft
includes providing the fixation member, attaching the suture to a tissue graft,
and adjusting the length of the suture between the fixation member and the
tissue graft by pulling the suture."

The patent was filed on February 1, 2012 Application no. 13/363,575

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             277 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          December 31, 2014 Wednesday

USPTO Published Patent application of Kips Bay Medical, Inc. titled as "Graft
Apparatus"

LENGTH: 295  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an application no.
20140379010, published on December 25, 2014, by Kips Bay Medical, Inc., titled
as "Graft Apparatus" for the registration of patent.

Inventors:  Zilla; Peter P.; (Cape Town, ZA) ; Rafiee; Nasser; (Andover, MA) ;
Bezuidenhout; Deon; (Cape Town, ZA) ; Franz; Thomas; (Devils Peak, ZA) ; Yeoman;
Mark; (East Sussex, GB) ; Bowles; Hellmut C.; (Bloubergrant, ZA) ; Douk; Nareak;
(Lowell, MA) ; Wolf; Michael F.; (Golden Valley, MN) ; Human; Paul; (Cape Town,
ZA)
Assignee:       Kips Bay Medical, Inc.
Minneapolis
MN
US

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office:
"Stents and methods of using stents are provided. Stents of the invention
provide external support structure for a blood vessel segment disposed within,
wherein the stents are capable of resilient radial expansion in a manner
mimicking the compliance properties of an artery. The stent may be formed of a
knitted or braided mesh formed so as to provide the needed compliance
properties. A venous graft with the stent and a vein segment disposed within is
provided, wherein graft is capable of mimicking the compliance properties of an
artery. Methods of selecting stents for downsizing and methods of using the
stents of the invention in downsizing and smoothening are provided. Methods of
replacing a section of an artery with a venous graft including a stent of the
invention are provided. Methods of reducing intimal hyperplasia in implanted
vein segment in a venous graft using stents of the invention are provided."

The Patent was filed on July 31, 2014 under application No. 20140379010

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             278 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 12, 2014 Friday

US Patent granted to Kips Bay Medical, Inc (Minnesota) on December 09, titled as
"Graft apparatus"

LENGTH: 282  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 8,906,082, on
December 09, 2014, to Kips Bay Medical, Inc (Minnesota), titled as "Graft
apparatus"

Inventors:  Zilla; Peter P. (Cape Town, ZA), Rafiee; Nasser (Andover, MA),
Bezuidenhout; Deon (Cape Town, ZA), Franz; Thomas (Devils Peak, ZA), Yeoman;
Mark (East Sussex, GB), Bowles; Hellmut C (Bloubergrant, ZA), Douk; Nareak
(Lowell, MA), Wolf; Michael F (Golden Valley, MN), Human; Paul (Cape Town, ZA)
Assignee:  Kips Bay Medical, Inc. (Minneapolis, MN)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office:
"Stents and methods of using stents are provided. Stents of the invention
provide external support structure for a blood vessel segment disposed within,
wherein the stents are capable of resilient radial expansion in a manner
mimicking the compliance properties of an artery. The stent may be formed of a
knitted or braided mesh formed so as to provide the needed compliance
properties. A venous graft with the stent and a vein segment disposed within is
provided, wherein graft is capable of mimicking the compliance properties of an
artery. Methods of selecting stents for downsizing and methods of using the
stents of the invention in downsizing and smoothening are provided. Methods of
replacing a section of an artery with a venous graft including a stent of the
invention are provided. Methods of reducing intimal hyperplasia in implanted
vein segment in a venous graft using stents of the invention are provided."

The patent was filed on October 8, 2013 Application no. 14/048,864

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             279 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                            December 3, 2007 Monday

Medtronic seeks OK for stent graft

BYLINE: BY CHRISTOPHER SNOWBECK Pioneer Press

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 403 words


Fridley-based Medtronic is seeking approval for a product that could let more
patients with abdominal aortic aneurysms be treated with stent grafts, rather
than traditional surgeries.

Called the Talent Abdominal Stent Graft, the product would compete with several
others already on the market from Medtronic and other manufacturers. But the new
stent graft is sized in ways that should work better for more patients.

That's important, said Dr. Tim Goertzen, medical director of interventional
radiology at United Hospital in St. Paul, because stent-graft procedures
typically involve shorter hospitalizations and quicker recoveries.

"This device may allow us to direct more patients to endovascular repair, rather
than take them to surgery," Goertzen said. "It's kind of an upgrade to what they
currently have."

Aneurysms occur when a blood vessel becomes abnormally large or balloons
outward. The aorta is a large artery that supplies blood to the abdomen, pelvis
and legs.

About 1.2 million people in the U.S. are thought to have an abdominal aortic
aneurysm condition, although not all these patients would be candidates for a
stent graft. When aneurysms rupture, the consequences often are deadly.

Only about 15 percent of those with abdominal aortic aneurysms are ever
diagnosed, even though most can be detected with an ultrasound screening test.

Medtronic has undertaken several efforts in recent years to promote early
intervention. The company worked with other manufacturers to win congressional
support for a screening program for new enrollees in the federal Medicare health
insurance program - a benefit that began in January.

In June, Medtronic announced that Rudy Boesch - star of the original CBS-TV
reality series "Survivor" - would work with the company to boost awareness of
the condition. Boesch received Medtronic's AneuRx abdominal aortic stent graft
product in fall 2006.

The market for stent grafts to treat abdominal aortic aneurysms has a lot of
potential for companies, said Tim Nelson, an analyst with FAF Advisors in
Minneapolis. But it also is growing slowly as doctors generate better data about
exactly which patients are the best candidates for the procedure, he said.

Plus, the market could grow faster if stent grafts were smaller and less
invasive, Nelson said.

"The undiagnosed patient population is huge," he said.

Christopher Snowbeck can be reached at csnowbeck@pioneerpress.com or
651-228-5479.

LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             280 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 6, 2014 Saturday

US Patent granted to Trivascular, Inc (California) on December 02, titled as
"Advanced endovascular graft delivery system and method of treatment"

LENGTH: 205  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 8,900,288, on
December 02, 2014, to Trivascular, Inc (California), titled as "Advanced
endovascular graft delivery system and method of treatment"

Inventors:  Chobotov; Michael V. (Santa Rosa, CA), Whirley; Robert G. (Santa
Rosa, CA)
Assignee:  Trivascular, Inc. (Santa Rosa, CA)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "This
invention is a system for the treatment of body passageways; in particular,
vessels with vascular disease. The system includes an endovascular graft with a
low-profile delivery configuration and a deployed configuration in which it
conforms to the morphology of the vessel or body passageway to be treated as
well as various connector members and stents. The graft is made from an
inflatable graft body section and may be bifurcated. One or more inflatable
cuffs may be disposed at either end of the graft body section. At least one
inflatable channel is disposed between and in fluid communication with the
inflatable cuffs."

The patent was filed on September 24, 2009 Application no. 12/566,104

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             281 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Medical Device Daily

                              May 29, 2001 Tuesday

New cardiovascular devices spotlighted at Paris meeting

LENGTH: 835 words

New cardiovascular devices spotlighted at Paris meeting

A Medical Device Daily Staff Report Kensey Nash (Exton, Pennsylvania) said
during last week's Paris Course on Revascularization that it has begun clinical
trials on its TriActiv Balloon Protected Flush Extraction System in both the
U.S. and Europe. Several other U.S. firms, including Radiance Medical (Irvine,
California) and Spectranetics (Colorado Springs, Colorado), also used the Paris
course as a platform for spotlighting their devices.

Kensey Nash's TriActiv device is designed to prevent heart attacks caused by
distal embolization during the retreatment of saphenous vein grafts in patients
who previously received coronary bypass surgery, but now have blockages in the
grafts. The company said the device incorporates three features to address the
problem of distal embolization: a balloon protection guidewire, a flush catheter
and an extraction system to remove debris found in the grafts.

Company president and CEO Joseph Kaufmann said, "Based on our experience and the
feedback we have received thus far, we believe that TriActiv will offer an
attractive new alternative to physicians who seek a complete solution to the
challenges of vein graft intervention."

Kensey Nash said the U.S. trial will take place at up to 50 sites and will
involve up to 800 patients. The European trial will take place at 11 sites and
will involve about 30 patients. More than 600,000 CABG surgeries are performed
worldwide each year. The company noted that saphenous vein grafts, commonly used
in CABG surgery, tend to become blocked within 10 years of the original surgery
and pose a challenge to interventional cardiologists and cardiac surgeons.

The TriActiv System, formerly called the Aegis Vortex System, is designed for
use during the treatment of blocked saphenous vein coronary bypass grafts to
minimize the risk of embolization, particles dislodged during such "re-do"
procedures. An occlusion balloon is inflated distal to the blockage, designed to
prevent particles from going downstream during the procedure. The system then
uses a flush catheter to wash the debris throughout the length of the graft and
then removed through an extraction system.

In another clinical study highlighted during the Paris revascularization course,
Radiance Medical Systems (Irvine, California) reported that it has started
enrollment in the RAPID (Radiation After PTA Is Done) peripheral vascular trial.
The procedure marking the start of the trial was broadcast live from OLV
Hospital (Aalst, Belgium) to the cardiologists attending the Paris course. The
procedure in the superficial femoral artery (SFA) was performed by Dr. Maurice
Buchbinder, director of interventional cardiology at Scripps Memorial Hospital
(La Jolla, California) and Radiance's medical director, assisted by Dr. Guy
Heyndrickx of OLV Hospital.

The RAPID trial is designed to evaluate the use of larger-diameter RDX Radiation
Delivery Systems in the SFA, which is the primary vessel in the mid- and lower
leg. Radiance said it intends to file for an investigational device exemption
with the FDA to expand the enrollment in the U.S. to begin a Phase I Study.

Jeff Thiel, president and CEO of Radiance Medical, said, "Because the RDX is a
platform technology that is scalable in diameter, we can potentially treat both
large and small vessels and may have the ability to treat a broader range of
patients than some of the other vascular brachytherapy devices and other
restenosis technologies." He said that peripheral vascular brachytherapy
"significantly increases" the total market potential for the RDX technology."
Radiance estimates that 500,000 patients are treated annually for peripheral
vascular disease, representing an annual market of about $500 million.

Radiance develops radiation delivery catheters intended for use in the coronary
and peripheral vascular systems to prevent restenosis following the
interventional treatment of atherosclerosis, and also markets coronary stents,
stent delivery systems and balloon dilatation catheters for coronary
applications.

For its part, Spectranetics sponsored a technical forum on "Interventions Below
the Knee" during the Paris program, along with a clinical symposium addressing
the question, "Is there a place for excimer technology in the armamentarium of
the interventionalist?" Spectranetics noted that its CVX-300 excimer laser is
the only system approved by the FDA for multiple cardiovascular procedures,
including coronary angioplasty and the removal of problematic pacemaker and
defibrillator leads.

The company is involved in three clinical studies at present: the Laser
Angioplasty for Critical Ischemia  (LACI) study testing laser angioplasty to
improve circulation in the lower leg, the PELA Peripheral Excimer Laser
Angioplasty (PELA) study dealing with blockages in arteries in the upper leg,
and the Laser Angioplasty for Restenosed Stents (LARS) trial, testing use of the
excimer laser to clear blocked coronary stents.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                          Copyright 2001 AHC Media LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             282 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 21, 2014 Friday

US Patent granted to Cook Medical Technologies LLC (Indiana) on March 18 titled
as "Pararenal stent graft"

LENGTH: 249  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 8,672,993, on
March 18, 2014, to Cook Medical Technologies LLC (Indiana), titled as "Pararenal
stent graft"

Inventors:  Chuter; Timothy A. (San Francisco, CA), Hartley; David Ernest
(Wannanup, AU), Roeder; Blayne A. (Lafayette, IN)

Assignee:  Cook Medical Technologies LLC (Bloomington, IN)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
stent graft for endovascular introduction into the pararenal region of the
descending aorta. The stent graft has an elongate tubular body (10) with a
proximal portion (12), a distal portion (16) of a diameter less than the
proximal portion and a tapered central portion (14). A notional transverse clock
face on the tubular body has 12 o'clock at a notional anterior longitudinal
datum line. The stent graft has a scalloped cut out (26) centered at about 12:30
o'clock and a fenestration (28) at about 12:00 o'clock in the proximal portion
and first and second fenestration assemblies which can be low profile side arms
at about 2:15 o'clock and about 10:00 o'clock in the tapered central portion.
The tapered central portion can have an arcuate side wall (30) so that the
tapered portion has an outer face which is concave."

The patent was filed on March 26, 2010 Application no.  12/732,542

For more information please visit: http://www.uspto.gov/. In case of any query
regarding this article or other content needs please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             283 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              March 4, 2013 Monday

US Patent granted to Kips Bay Medical, Inc on February 26 titled as "Compliant
blood vessel graft"

LENGTH: 292  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 8,382,814, on
February 26, 2013, to Kips Bay Medical, Inc, titled as "Compliant blood vessel
graft"

Inventors:  Zilla; Peter P. (Cape Town, ZA), Rafiee; Nasser (Andover, MA),
Bezuidenhout; Deon (Cape Town, ZA), Franz; Thomas (Devils Peak, ZA), Yeoman;
Mark (East Sussex, GB), Bowles; Hellmut (Bloubergrant, ZA), Douk; Nareak
(Lowell, MA), Wolf; Michael F (Golden Valley, MN), Human; Paul (Cape Town, ZA)

Assignee:  Kips Bay Medical, Inc. (Minneapolis, MN)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office:
"Stents and methods of using stents are provided. Stents of the invention
provide external support structure for a blood vessel segment disposed within,
wherein the stents are capable of resilient radial expansion in a manner
mimicking the compliance properties of an artery. The stent may be formed of a
knitted or braided mesh formed so as to provide the needed compliance
properties. A venous graft with the stent and a vein segment disposed within is
provided, wherein graft is capable of mimicking the compliance properties of an
artery. Methods of selecting stents for downsizing and methods of using the
stents of the invention in downsizing and smoothening are provided. Methods of
replacing a section of an artery with a venous graft including a stent of the
invention are provided. Methods of reducing intimal hyperplasia in implanted
vein segment in a venous graft using stents of the invention are provided."

The patent was filed on August 15, 2011 Application no. 13/209,517

For more information please visit: http://www.uspto.gov/. In case of any query
regarding this article or other content needs please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             284 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Medical Device Daily

                            November 22, 2013 Friday

Maquet's HeartString could help reduce risk of perioperative strokes

LENGTH: 925 words

Medical Device Daily Staff Writer

Maquet Cardiovascular (San Jose, California) reported results from a study
demonstrating that risk of perioperative strokes may be minimized during
coronary artery bypass graft (CABG) surgery by utilizing a completely
"clampless" technique consisting of off-pump coronary artery bypass (OPCAB) in
combination with the HeartString Proximal Seal System.

The HeartString proximal seal technology helps surgeons perform coronary artery
bypass grafts without the use of a partial occlusion clamp during beating-heart
surgery. With this device, surgeons have the option to perform distal or
proximal grafts first and to use grafts of varying lengths, hooded grafts and
angled take-offs. Maquet launched the HeartString III device nearly five years
ago (Medical Device Daily, April 22, 2008).

The objective of the study was to examine the incidence of post-operative stroke
in CABG utilizing the HeartString device in varying diseased aortas. These data
were derived from a retrospective analysis of patients who underwent CABG with
one or more proximal anastomoses constructed using the HeartString technology at
Emory University Hospital (Atlanta) from April 2003 to December 2012. Patients
had varying degrees of aortic atherosclerosis, ranging from mild (Grade 1) to
very severe (Grade 5). Of the patients evaluated in the study, 92.5% underwent
off-pump revascularization.

"This study basically tells the story that any clamping of the aorta increases
risk of stroke," John Puskas, MD, Associate Chief of Cardiothoracic Surgery at
Emory University, who treated 55% of the 1,380 patients in the study, told
Medical Device Daily. "And that increase in risk of stroke is greatest for
patients who have a heavily diseased aorta. But the increase in risk of stroke
with a clamp is not restricted just to those patients who have a diseased aorta.
We see it in those patients with relatively un-diseased aorta and even those
that appear to be normal by echo. So there is no aorta that is clamp-able with
complete impunity."

The study evaluated the incidence of post-operative stroke in people undergoing
CABG while utilizing the HeartString device to maintain hemostasis during the
attachment of grafts to the aorta (proximal anastomosis). Prior to surgery, all
patients underwent ultrasound evaluation of the aorta to determine the extent of
aortic atherosclerosis. Increased aortic atherosclerosis is a powerful predictor
of perioperative neurologic complications. In addition, other patient
characteristics were used to calculate the expected risk of stroke for all
patients using the Society of Thoracic Surgeons CABG Risk Model for Permanent
Stroke.

"Aortic clamping may cause atheroembolism from the ascending aorta. Stroke is a
devastating complication of CABG for patients and their families and can lead to
significant, unexpected costs for hospitals," said Peter Hinchliffe, president
of Maquet Cardiac Systems said in a release. "We are proud to offer surgeons
products like HeartString and other tools for beating heart and on pump cardiac
surgery that have the potential to reduce the risk of stroke significantly,
enabling patients to recover and leave the hospital quickly, and most
importantly, return to their normal lives as soon as possible."

Data from the study shows that across all aortic disease levels, the HeartString
device was associated with a 45% reduction in stroke risk compared with what
would have been expected given patient risk factors.

While the study points out that the benefit of the device was most pronounced in
patients with more severe aortic disease, significant reduction in stroke risk
was seen in patients with minimal or no evidence of aortic atherosclerosis. Of
particular note, no strokes were observed in a group of 59 patients with the
most severe aortic disease (Grade 5). This group of patients is typically at
extremely high risk of perioperative neurologic events.

"It's cheaper faster and easier to use a clamp, that's why its used most
commonly," Puskas said. "Cheaper faster and easier is pretty compelling . . . so
what struck me in the data was that in the most diseased 59 patients had Grade 5
aortas - not a single one of those patients had a stroke. Yet if you put a clamp
on those patients their stroke risk might have been as high as 10%. I think that
we might have saved five or six strokes in that one group of patients and that
was by using HeartString. That was impressive to me, that you could do 59
consecutive severely diseased aortas without a single stroke. That to me was
remarkable."

Puskas added, "at the other end of the spectrum there were many patients with a
grade 1 aorta and some of them had a clamp and some of them didn't have a clamp.
I was surprised that there was any difference in stroke risk for the healthiest
aortas. The stroke risk was low with the clamp, but HeartString made it even
lower and that surprised me, because it would be a benefit to the healthiest
aorta. So what it means to me is that the clamp isn't free. It doesn't cost
anything to use ... but in terms of the patient cost and societal cost, there is
a cost of using the clamp. The clamp is an infrequent cause of stroke, in
patients with healthy aortas, but it does seem to be associated with an
increased stroke risk. It is greater than if you use HeartString. So what does
this mean to me? It means in 2013 I have not put a clamp on anyone for a
coronary bypass and don't intend to for the rest of my career."



Omar Ford; 770-810-3125;


LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


          Copyright 2013 Thompson Media Group, LLC d/b/a AHC Media LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             285 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                          The Daily Telegraph (London)

                           October 28, 2010 Thursday
                                   Edition 2;
                                National Edition

Freeze ovaries for childbirth in later life

BYLINE: Stephen Adams

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 505 words


YOUNG women should have small sections of their ovaries frozen so they can avoid
problems if they choose to start a family in middle age, a leading surgeon has
said.

The technique could potentially give a 40 year-old the fertility level of
someone half her age, said Dr Sherman Silber, who carried out the world's first
whole ovary transplant in 2007. Thin slivers of ovaries containing tens of
thousands of eggs can now be surgically removed and frozen indefinitely, a
procedure costing about £4,000, Dr Silber said.

Removing a one millimetre-thin graft had no effect on a woman's chance of
conceiving naturally in the meantime if she so chose, he added. To date his team
in St Louis, Missouri, has removed ovarian grafts from about 140 women. The
procedure was developed as a way of preserving the fertility of women who had to
undergo cancer treatment.

But Dr Silber told the annual conference of the American Society for
Reproductive Medicine in Denver that increasing numbers of women were coming to
him solely because they wanted to delay motherhood.

About 60 of the women have had ovarian grafts to fit in with their way of life.

He urged healthy women to consider the half-hour operation in their twenties. He
said of his present clients: "These women all come to us aged 35 or 38 after
they've broken up with their boyfriend of 10 years and they are worried about
the future." Women should think about it earlier when they have more, better
quality eggs.

Then they could "relax" and wait until 40 to have a baby if they so desired, he
said, safe in the knowledge they had "a 25-year-old ovary" waiting for them. The
procedure could feasibly replace IVF, he argued, explaining that the main cause
of infertility in women over 30 was declining egg quality.

"None of these women really need IVF after this treatment.

If you freeze these ovaries at a young age, you don't have to worry," he said.

Dr Silber also said the price of an ovarian graft was much less than the
"prohibitively expensive" cost of going through numerous IVF cycles.

The number of ovarian grafts remains small. His clinic has returned grafts to 11
women since 2008, who have given birth to 12 babies. Worldwide, 23 babies have
been born as a result of grafts, across seven clinics. Fourteen were born as a
result of frozen graft transplants, while nine have been from fresh grafts from
identical twin donors.

No British clinic offers the service, but Dr Silber said the procedure was
"robust" and relatively easy to master. Tony Rutherford, the chairman of the
British Fertility Society, said he was more cautious.

"If it's performed in lesser hands it might not be quite as effective," he said.
He called for a "worldwide register" of operations. "Only then can we give
patients realistic figures about whether it's going to work or not."

Susan Seenan, of Infertility Network UK, said: "I would have to urge caution.
The best time to have children is when a woman is younger."

£4,000 Cost of removing a sliver of a healthy ovary, with thousands of eggs that
can be frozen

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DTL


                  Copyright 2010 Telegraph Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             286 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             May 18, 1991 Saturday

Transplant organs   tracked in U.S.   after AIDS found   Three people killed by
virus,   dozens of others feared infected

BYLINE: REUT

LENGTH: 571 words

DATELINE: Washington DC


Reuters News Agency WASHINGTON
 The U.S. government is tracking down transplanted organs and tissues
taken from a dead Virginia man with AIDS that have already killed three
  people and may have infected dozens of others in 16 states.

Four or five organs, 52 tissue grafts and two corneas were taken from
the man in October, 1985, and later transplanted into others, government
officials said.

The man, a 22-year-old from Virginia Beach, Va., died from a gunshot
wound to the head during a robbery.

Though tests by two different laboratories determined the donor was
free of infection by the HIV virus, which causes AIDS, recipients of
three of the transplanted organs later died after developing AIDS
symptoms.

A fourth organ recipient died of complications during transplant
surgery and a elderly Colorado woman who received a hip joint has tested
positive for the AIDS virus, officials said.

"It seems likely, by initial investigation, that the donor was in the
window between infection and the ability to detect (AIDS infection),"
said Bill Anderson of Virginia Beach-based LifeNet Transplant Services,
which handled the tissue grafts.

The case is the first in which a large number of recipients of human
tissue transplants have been placed at risk of AIDS by a single donor.

It is the third in the United States in which recipients of
transplanted organs are known to have become infected with the AIDS
virus, officials said.

The search for recipients is being co-ordinated by the Atlanta-based
Centers for Disease Control and the Food and Drug Administration in
suburban Washington.

It began after LifeNet contacted the government seeking help on May
8.

FDA Deputy Commissioner James Benson informed superiors at the Health
and Human Services Department in a memorandum that surgeons removed the
man's heart, kidneys, liver and pancreas at the Medical College of
Virginia at Richmond, FDA officials said.

Four of the organs were immediately transplanted into four different
people, though the fate of the pancreas is unknown at this time, the FDA
said. LifeNet officials, however, said they believed the pancreas was
discarded and never transplanted.

The recipients of the heart and kidneys developed AIDS infection and
eventually died while the recipient of the liver died of complications
during surgery, not AIDS, Mr. Benson said.

Among the types of tissue recovered from the Virginia man for
transplanting were bone, tendon and bone marrow.

LifeNet said 45 of the tissue grafts, most of them bone grafts, were
freeze-dried and processed with alcohol or radiation, making it unlikely
they were able to transmit the AIDS virus.

Another four tissue grafts, including the one apparently transplanted
in the Colorado resident, were simply frozen before transplantation,
leaving them potentially capable of transmitting AIDS.

The four remaining tissue grafts consisted of soft tissue that was
dried and frozen prior to transplantation, and it is unknown whether
these grafts can transmit AIDS, LifeNet said.

AIDS - acquired immune deficiency syndrome - strips the body of its
defences against disease. There is no known cure.

The bone marrow of the 22-year-old man was donated to the U.S. Navy
for research, and all of it was recovered before it was transplanted into
any humans, the FDA said.

"At present there is no evidence to suggest that any improper
procedures were followed in the recovery or distribution of the donor's
tissues and organs," the FDA said in a statement.

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1991 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             287 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             Indian Trademark News

                      February 9, 2016 Tuesday 8:29 AM EST

TriVascular Inc Receives Approval for Trademark OVATION

LENGTH: 232  words


Mumbai, Feb. 9 -- TriVascular Inc of Santa Rosa, USA received approval from
Office of The Trade Marks Registry on the trademark OVATION (2012141).

The description of the mark registered is "Medical devices, namely, stents,
endovascular grafts, vascular prostheses, thoracic stent grafts, abdominal stent
grafts and devices for delivery of stent grafts, medical devices and apparatus
intended for the treatment of vascular disease, namely, vascular implants
comprising artificial material, vascular implant delivery systems comprised of
catheters, valves, guide wires, balloons, sheaths, handles and chassis, and
accessories for the aforesaid goods, namely, introducer sheaths, balloons,
curable polymeric implant fill material, implant fill material mixing devices,
implant fill material injectors and implant fill material syringes." It comes
under Class 10 of the Trademark classification.

The application for the trademark was filed on Aug. 20, 2010.

The Trademark was published in the Trade Marks Journal No. 1728 on Jan. 18,
2016.

About the Company

TriVascular Inc is a USA-based company. It is situated in Santa Rosa in
California. The company is engaged in manufacturing and supplying of medical
devices and apparatus intended for the treatment of vascular disease, namely,
vascular implants comprising artificial material, vascular implant delivery
systems comprised of catheters, valves, etc.

LOAD-DATE: February 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2016 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             288 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              April 8, 2016 Friday

New York: State University of New York (SUNY) Issues Solicitation for "Maquet
Medical Systems Coronary Artery Bypass Grafts Products, Equipment, Supplies, and
Accessories"

LENGTH: 238  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Albany: State University of New York (SUNY) has issued requirement for "Maquet
Medical Systems Coronary Artery Bypass Grafts Products, Equipment, Supplies, and
Accessories"



 Reference No.: Maquet Medical Systems CE2641



 Solicitation Type: General



 Description: SUNY Upstate Medical University (Upstate) intends to purchase
Maquet Medical Systems coronary artery bypass grafts products, equipment,
supplies, and accessories utilizing Maquet Medical Systems contract CE2641
pursuant to its authority under New York State Finance Law, section 163 (3)
(vi), which authorizes the use of a consortium or comparable entity in lieu of
using a centralized contract and without a formal competitive process when
justified by price.  Vendors who sell coronary artery bypass grafts products,
equipment, supplies, and accessories equivalent and compatible with existing
Maquet Medical Systems coronary artery bypass grafts products, equipment,
supplies, and accessories may, if interested, contact Jim Robinson to discuss
the procurement.





 Deadline for All responses: 04/08/2015



 Contact Information:



 State University of New York (SUNY)

 SUNY Upstate Medical University

 Hospital Purchasing Department

 Jim Robinson

 Purchase Associate

 750 East Adams Street

 Syracuse, NY 13210

 United States

 Ph: 315-464-2420

 robinsrj@upstate.edu



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


                                 Copyright 2016
                              All Rights Reserved


                             289 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 25, 2013 Monday

US Patent granted to William A. Cook Austraila Pty. Ltd on February 19 titled as
"Stent grafts for the thoracic aorta"

LENGTH: 291  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 8,377,113, on
February 19, 2013, to William A. Cook Austraila Pty. Ltd, titled as "Stent
grafts for the thoracic aorta"

Inventors:  Hartley; David Ernest (Wannanup, AU), Ducke; Werner Dieter
(Greenwood, AU)

Assignee:  William A. Cook Austraila Pty. Ltd. (AU)
Cook Medical Technologies LLC (Bloomington, IN)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
method of temporarily reducing the diameter of a stent graft (10) and a stent
graft with its diameter reduced. The stent graft has a tubular body and self
expanding stents. The method comprising extending a release wire (18, 20) part
helically along the graft material tube from substantially one side of the graft
material tube at one end (14) of the graft material tube to substantially the
opposite side of the graft material tube at the other end (12) of the graft
material tube along the stent graft and stitching the release wire into the
graft material tube, at each of a number of positions along the release wire
looping flexible threads (22, 24) around the release wire and extending the
flexible threads laterally around the circumference of the stent graft in each
direction to a position away from the release wire, engaging the first flexible
threads into the graft material or around struts of the stent, and drawing the
ends of the thread together and tying ends of the thread to thereby temporarily
reduce the overall diameter of the stent graft."

The patent was filed on May 12, 2008 Application no. 12/152,057

For more information please visit: http://www.uspto.gov/. In case of any query
regarding this article or other content needs please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             290 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Medical Device Daily

                             August 16, 2010 Monday

First patient implanted in study for Gore Acuseal graft

LENGTH: 518 words

Medical Device Daily Senior Staff Writer

W. L. Gore & Associates (Flagstaff, Arizona) reported that the first patient in
an investigational device exemption study evaluating its self sealing Gore
Acuseal Vascular Graft in patients on hemodialysis, has been surgically
implanted with the device.

The procedure was performed on July 29 at Greenville Hospital System
(Greenville, South Carolina), the company noted. Less than 24 hours after the
device was implanted, it was cannulated or punctured for initial hemodialysis
access.

David Cull, MD, interim chair of the department of surgery at the Greenville
Hospital, surgically implanted the device in the upper extremity of an end stage
renal disease (ESRD) patient. ESRD patients frequently require prosthetic
tube-shaped conduits to access their blood for hemodialysis. The Gore Acuseal
Vascular Graft features a multi-layer wall construction engineered to minimize
bleeding during the implant procedure and during the subsequent needle punctures
required to access a patient's blood during dialysis sessions, according to
Gore.

"ESRD patients can pose significant treatment challenges, including the healing
and early sealing of vascular grafts," said Cull, who is an investigator for the
study. "The concept behind this new product is the blending of self sealing with
an optimal handling vascular graft compatible with a patient's native blood
vessels."

According to Mark Ohan, PhD, dialysis product development leader at Gore, the
effects of renal disease impacts a large number of people and their families
each year. He noted there are more than 500,000 patients in the U.S. alone, and
the number is growing.

"New options in treating renal disease are made possible through clinical
studies. We are excited about the Gore Acuseal Vascular Graft clinical study and
the potential to improve the quality of life for ESRD patients," Ohan told
Medical Device Daily via email. He said the study is designed to evaluate the
safety and effectiveness of the device for hemodialysis, in the early
post-operative period.

The study will enroll 138 patients at research sites across the U.S., Gore said.
The primary efficacy endpoint of the study will look at patency with a secondary
endpoint of monitoring the amount of time to central venous catheter removal for
applicable cases. Study subjects who receive the Gore Acuseal Vascular Graft can
begin receiving hemodialysis through the device at any time in the early
postoperative period and when their physician feels it to be appropriate,
according to the company.

Gore noted that its Acuseal graft is the only prosthetic vascular graft to
combine predictable self-sealing with improved handling and a surface bonded
with heparin. Featuring expanded polyetrafluoroethylene on the external and
luminal surfaces, the middle layer of the graft is a self sealing elastomer.
"This unique construction" inhibits blood leakage following suturing of the
vascular graft or after the repeated needle cannulations necessary for
hemodialysis access treatments, Gore said.

Amanda Pedersen, 309-351-7774;


LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                          Copyright 2010 AHC Media LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             291 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                           January 28, 2017 Saturday

Fogarty; Thomas J. applies for US Patent titled as "INTRAVASCULAR IMPLANTS AND
METHODS OF USING THE SAME"

LENGTH: 214 words

DATELINE: New York


ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an
application no. 20170020654 for US Patent, published on January 26, 2017, by
Fogarty; Thomas J., titled as "INTRAVASCULAR IMPLANTS AND METHODS OF USING THE
SAME"  for the registration of patent.



Inventors: FOGARTY; Thomas J.; (Portola Valley, CA) ; DREWS; Michael J.; (Palo
Alto, CA) ; HOLMGREN; Neil D.; (Chicago, IL) ; MODESITT; D. Bruce; (San Carlos,
CA)

Applicant: Fogarty; Thomas J. US

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "An
intravascular implant and methods of using the implant within the vasculature of
the body, for example near a vascular aneurysm, are disclosed. A method of
treating an aneurysm includes positioning a vascular graft comprising a tubular
channel having a first end and a second end in a blood vessel, securing the
vascular graft in place with an expandable anchoring member, and filling a seal
cuff on the vascular graft, wherein the seal cuff extends radially outward
beyond an exterior surface of the vascular graft, wherein the seal cuff
comprises a first seal portion and a second seal portion and wherein the first
seal portion is separated from the second seal portion by a first gap and a
second gap along a circumference of the seal cuff."


LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             292 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 5, 2015 Thursday

US Patent granted to Massachusetts Eye & Ear Infirmary (Massachusetts) on
February 03, titled as "Methods of delivering pharmaceutical agents"

LENGTH: 239  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 8,945,600, on
February 03, 2015, to Massachusetts Eye & Ear Infirmary (Massachusetts), titled
as "Methods of delivering pharmaceutical agents"

Inventors:  Bleier; Benjamin S. (Weston, MA)
Assignee:  Massachusetts Eye & Ear Infirmary (Boston, MA)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office:
"Provided are methods of delivering at least one pharmaceutical agent to the
central nervous system (CNS) of a subject, methods of treating a neurological
disorder or pain in a subject that include administering at least one
pharmaceutical agent onto a SEM graft in the skull base of the subject. Also
provided are methods of treating a neurological disorder or pain in a subject
that include forming a SEM graft in the skull base of the subject and
administering at least one pharmaceutical agent onto the SEM graft in the skull
base of the subject. Also provided are methods of forming a SEM graft in the
skull base of a subject, compositions for administration onto a SEM graft in the
skull base or into an endonasal reservoir or endonasal reservoir device in a
subject, and devices for administering such compositions onto a SEM graft in the
skull base of a subject."

The patent was filed on February 4, 2014 Application no. 14/172,349

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             293 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 20, 2014 Thursday

US Patent granted to Massachusetts Eye and Ear Infirmary (Massachusetts) on
March 18 titled as "Methods of delivering pharmaceutical agents"

LENGTH: 249  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 8,673,338, on
March 18, 2014, to Massachusetts Eye and Ear Infirmary (Massachusetts), titled
as "Methods of delivering pharmaceutical agents"

Inventors:  Bleier; Benjamin S. (Weston, MA)

Assignee:  Massachusetts Eye and Ear Infirmary (Boston, MA)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office:
"Provided are methods of delivering at least one pharmaceutical agent to the
central nervous system (CNS) of a subject, methods of treating a neurological
disorder or pain in a subject that include administering at least one
pharmaceutical agent onto a SEM graft in the skull base of the subject. Also
provided are methods of treating a neurological disorder or pain in a subject
that include forming a SEM graft in the skull base of the subject and
administering at least one pharmaceutical agent onto the SEM graft in the skull
base of the subject. Also provided are methods of forming a SEM graft in the
skull base of a subject, compositions for administration onto a SEM graft in the
skull base or into an endonasal reservoir or endonasal reservoir device in a
subject, and devices for administering such compositions onto a SEM graft in the
skull base of a subject."

The patent was filed on July 30, 2012 Application no. 13/561,998

For more information please visit: http://www.uspto.gov/. In case of any query
regarding this article or other content needs please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             294 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                   May 12, 1996, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

BASEBALL;
Cone Case Complicated By Armful of Unknowns And His Occupation

BYLINE: By LAWRENCE K. ALTMAN

SECTION: Section 8;  Page 7;  Column 1;  Sports Desk

LENGTH: 1351 words


As Yankees pitcher David Cone's shoulder and leg begin to heal after surgery to
repair an aneurysm in his throwing arm, the 33-year-old right-hander is
wondering like everyone else whether he will eventually be able to resume his
baseball career.

Cone's aneurysm, a ballooning of an artery caused by a weakening of the vessel
walls, is rare both in its type and location. It involved his right axillary and
circumflex humeral arteries and resulted from stress from his pitching motion.

Surgeons at Columbia-Presbyterian Medical Center cut out the aneurysm on Friday.
They also said they took a one-inch piece of vein from Cone's left thigh that
they used in bridging the severed ends of the arteries.

The vascular surgery Cone underwent is performed every day at hospitals
throughout the world. But surgical experts interviewed said the Columbia doctors
were working in uncharted waters because of the rarity of the type of repair
they made. The use of a vein graft had little precedent in this kind of medical
problem for anyone, particularly a professional athlete who is bound to put
considerable stress on the graft if he can return to the mound, the experts
said.

Cone's operation was a more complex procedure than the one performed on two
other professional pitchers whose careers were interrupted by similar aneurysms.

Thus, there is no way for Cone or the Yankees to know whether he can pitch again
until he recuperates and undergoes rehabilitation therapy.

Sports medicine doctors have applied and developed many new procedures such as
arthroscopic surgery to repair damaged ligaments in knees and other joints. They
have also improved procedures to repair Achilles' tendons and other tissues.
Some such procedures have been done so often, they are now routine. But others
are adapted for use in special cases like Cone's, and there is no track record
of safety and effectiveness.

Leg veins are routinely used in surgical procedures such as coronary bypass and
carotid artery operations. They are also used to help restore blood flow in the
legs of some diabetics.

But Cone's vein graft is being used in a different position. So the stress a
pitcher puts on it creates an entirely different situation, and experience is
too limited to predict how successful the operation will be in allowing him to
resume his career.

Dr. Stuart Hershon, the Yankees' team physician, and Dr. George Todd, one of two
vascular surgeons who operated on Cone, said they expect Cone to resume his
career. But they refused to discuss when. They also said that they do not expect
the aneurysm to recur even if Cone resumes playing. But his doctors abruptly
halted a brief news conference on Friday when reporters asked questions about
the operation.

Cone "is going through a huge shock right now," said Dr. Warren King, the San
Francisco Giants' orthopedist, who has talked to doctors involved in Cone's
care. "The honest answer to the question, 'Will I come back and pitch in the
majors?' is doctors have no idea if he is going to come back and throw or not.
We will just have to see what happens."

King said he was aware of only two other professional pitchers, Kevin Rogers and
Steve Soderstrom, who had surgery for similar aneurysms in the shoulder region.
Rogers now pitches for the Calgary Cannons of the Pacific Coast League and
Soderstrom plays for the Phoenix Firebirds of the same league. King said that he
participated in their operations at Stanford and that both Rogers and Soderstrom
had simpler types of operations than Cone's.

In the cases of Rogers and Soderstrom, surgeons removed the aneurysm and tied
off the affected posterior circumflex humeral artery, a branch of the axillary
artery that was dispensable. But neither had a vein graft.

All three pitchers suffered similar complications from their aneurysms. Clots
formed in the aneurysm in the shoulder. Pieces then broke off and floated to the
wrist and hand, where they lodged in smaller arteries, cutting off the blood
supply.

Rogers and Soderstrom still have symptoms from the clots. "They still are
sensitive to cold," King said. "So when they pitch in night games, we put gloves
and hand warmers on them" to keep their fingers from going numb.

The blood clots that lodged in Cone's wrist arteries caused tingling and pain
and turned his ring finger white. The condition improved about eight hours after
injection of an enzyme, urokinase, and an anticoagulant, heparin, to prevent
formation of additional clots. He had much better sensation. But Cone may still
have loss of sensation, King said.

It is the mechanical stress on the vein graft and repaired arteries that poses
greater risks for Cone than for Rogers and Soderstrom.

"You have got to be pretty cautious because all the elements that formed clots
in the first place are still there," King said. "Whatever factors were there
tugging on that circumflex humeral artery before are still there tugging on the
artery, and now you have got scar tissue around it and an artery that may be a
little more prone to form a blood clot."

In their news conference, Cone's doctors did not address whether they considered
using a synthetic graft instead of a vein.

"It is one thing to just cut out the diseased aneurysm and throw it away," said
a doctor familiar with Cone's case.

But he added that "there is no information to tell whether synthetic grafts
would be more durable than natural vein grafts to withstand the recurrent
pounding that Cone's arm hopefully will get again."

Cone's doctors "are out there space-walking without any cord," the doctor said.

King said that if a synthetic graft were put in the axillary artery, he "would
have to recommend to any baseball pitcher that he is done throwing because I
would not feel comfortable with some guy tugging on a synthetic. That truly is
uncharted water."

Dr. Gary Giangola, a vascular surgeon at New York University who is not involved
in Cone's case, said he was "puzzled" by the use of a one-inch vein graft in
that case.

Hershon, the Yankees' orthopedic surgeon who participated in Cone's operation,
said "the aneurysm was removed and replaced with a vein graft from the left
leg."

Vascular surgeons generally use the word graft to mean a segment sewn to connect
severed ends of an artery as a continuous tube.

But Giangola said: "Use of a vein graft does not make sense because a one-inch
graft is just too short a segment to be used to repair an aneurysm in the
axillary artery. I can't really imagine them using the vein as a graft, and
expecting him to be O.K. to play."

Giangola said he used veins "all the time as a patch in repairing carotid
arteries that had been blocked by the fatty deposits from atherosclerosis."

"It holds up extremely well in the carotid artery even though the neck is so
mobile," Giangola said. "But that is different than a pitcher's throwing arm."

A patch is often used to repair the portion of an artery from which a piece of
the vessel has been cut out after the aneurysm was removed from a side branch of
the artery.

Giangola said that if Cone's doctors used the vein as a patch, not as a graft,
the patch would allow more flexibility of the artery and the area might be able
to withstand the mechanical stress of pitching.

If Cone does pitch again, King said, his doctors might use the Doppler type of
ultrasound to monitor the surgically repaired area of his arm.

"I would just keep Dopplering him every couple of weeks at first and then at
longer intervals to see how he does," King said.

Cone is the most widely publicized case of the unusual type of aneurysm in the
shoulder. Though such problems are rare, his is unlikely to be the last case.

Experts at Stanford University published a paper last winter to alert other
doctors to the problem among various kinds of athletes, such as kayakers and
volleyball players. However, Cone's doctors apparently did not focus on an
aneurysm when Cone's symptoms first developed.

King said he planned "to talk about this problem at the winter baseball meetings
this year to get more people aware of it."

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Doctors are hesitant to offer opinions about a timetable for
David Cone's return to the Yankees. (Ozier Muhammad/The New York Times)

                   Copyright 1996 The New York Times Company


                             295 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                              May 30, 2005 Monday

To your health

BYLINE: Compiled by Lois M. Collins

LENGTH: 589 words


"Super glue" may fix more than a broken figurine.

Surgeons at Baylor College of Medicine in Houston are studying whether a liquid
sealant similar to the common household "super glue" forms a tight seal around
blood vessels that are used in vascular graft surgery.

"When you sew blood vessels together for a graft, they sometimes leak," said Dr.
Alan Lumsden, chief of the vascular surgery section of the Michael E. DeBakey
Department of Surgery and the clinical trial's principal investigator.

Much like you'd seal a leaky tire, they're testing sealing the leak in the graft
.

The glue is already in use for other tasks, such as closing skin wounds instead
of using sutures. Manufactured by Closure Medical Corp., the sealant is designed
to provide a strong physical seal that remains in place longer than the graft
takes to heal naturally. Then, after healing has occurred, over time the seal
will break down and be absorbed. Seal for sunscreens

Twenty-five years ago, a suntan was a must-have accessory. Today, there's broad
recognition that more than 90 percent of skin cancers are caused by sun
exposure.

It was the Skin Cancer Foundation that first sounded the warning on the dangers
of sun exposure and how it over time damages skin -- something that can be
avoided with products that offer UV protection.

The Seal of Recommendation program was started by the foundation 25 years ago,
setting a standard for ultraviolet protection products. It's awarded to products
that offer a minimum Sun Protection Factor (SPF)/Ultraviolet Protection Factor
(UPF) of 15 that meet the most rigorous scientific testing standards.

The seal not only verifies that the listed SPF has been tested, it also
corroborates that the product doesn't produce adverse reaction such as contact
irritancy or phototoxicity. If the product claims to be water-resistant, that
has been tested, too. And each year the product manufacturer has to submit
evidence showing there are no reported problems with photoallergy or contact
allergy.

To find products that carry the seal, look online at
www.skincancer.org/aboutus/seal.php. Statins fight cancer?

An observational study shows that statin use in American female veterans
compared with nonusers was associated with a 41 percent reduced risk of breast
cancer, according to a report released at the American Society of Clinical
Oncology 2005 annual meeting. The benefit was seen after more than four years of
statin use, said lead author Dr. Ruby Kochhar of the Overton Brooks VA Medical
Center at Shreveport, La.

The retrospective case-control study compared statin use among 556 women with a
history of breast cancer and more than 39,000 without the disease who served as
the controls. Researchers controlled for age, smoking, alcohol use and diabetes,
all of which are associated with increased risk of cancer in the patients.

The study did not, however, have compliance information or account for factors
known to increase the risk of breast cancer, such as family history, hormone
replacement therapy and benign breast disease. Still, the results were
statistically significant.

Statins are typically prescribed to lower cholesterol levels. The best known are
Lipitor and Zocor.

More study will be needed on the types of statins or the total dosages that
affect breast cancer risk.

Other studies discussed at the meeting indicated an approximate 50 percent
reduction in risk for lung, prostate and colorectal cancers. And no evidence was
found supporting earlier concerns that use of statins could perhaps increase
cancer risk.

LOAD-DATE: May 30, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2005 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                             296 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                              March 3, 2017 Friday

Head Line: WIPO PUBLISHES PATENT OF INSTITUTE OF ORTHOPEDIC RESEARCH & EDUCATION
TITLED AS "MODIFICATION OF THE SURFACE TOPOGRAPHY OF CARTILAGE GRAFTS FOR JOINT
RECONSTRUCTION"

LENGTH: 220 words

DATELINE: New York


GENEVA: Publication No. WO/2017/035506 was published on March 2, 2017 by WIPO.

Title of the invention: MODIFICATION OF THE SURFACE TOPOGRAPHY OF CARTILAGE
GRAFTS FOR JOINT RECONSTRUCTION

Applicants: INSTITUTE OF ORTHOPEDIC RESEARCH & EDUCATION [US/US]; 6550 Fannin
St., Suite 2503 Houston, Texas 77030 (US)


Inventors: NOBLE, Philip C.; (US). JONES, Hugh; (US)

According to the abstract published by the World Intellectual Property
Organization on its website: "Herein disclosed is a tissue supplied in a
configuration pre-shaped to the topography of the recipient surface for covering
defects in the articulating surfaces of bones. Also discussed herein is a method
of preparing a graft for reconstruction of a defect in an articular surface of a
bone comprising determining the topography of the native articular surface and
the corresponding underside of the cartilage layer; fabricating a pair of mating
surfaces having the topography of the native articular surface and the underside
of the cartilage layer; harvesting a cartilage graft from a cadaveric donor; and
placing said graft between the mating surfaces and subjecting said graft to
sufficient pressure for a sufficient duration to cause it to change shape to
that of the deforming surfaces."

The patent was filed on 26.08.2016 under Application No. PCT/US2016/049098


LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             297 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                           November 24, 2016 Thursday

Head Line: US Patent granted to Cook Medical Technologies LLC on November 22,
2016 titled as "Stent graft having movable fenestrated tubular bridge"

LENGTH: 168 words

DATELINE: New York


ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no.
9,498,323 on November 22, 2016, to Cook Medical Technologies LLC titled as
"Stent graft having movable fenestrated tubular bridge"

Inventors: King; Chantelle (Woodridge, AU)


Assignee: Cook Medical Technologies LLC (Bloomington, IN)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
stent graft comprising an elongate main tubular body of a biocompatible graft
material is disclosed. The main tubular body comprises a main lumen, a distal
end and a proximal end; and an elongate tubular bridge of a biocompatible graft
material. The elongate tubular bridge extends around a portion of the main
tubular body so as to form a bridging lumen bridging between two
circumferentially spaced-apart openings within the main tubular body. The
tubular bridge has at least two fenestrations. The tubular bridge comprises
concertinaed graft material."

The patent was filed on September 9, 2015 Application No. 14/848,895


LOAD-DATE: November 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             298 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Medical Device Daily

                            August 19, 2003 Tuesday

Court report

LENGTH: 840 words


Court report

Edwards sues Medtronic, Cook and Gore on patent infringement

A Medical Device Daily Staff Report  Cardiovascular technologies developer
Edwards Lifesciences (Irvine, California) reported Monday that it has filed
patent infringement lawsuits against Medtronic (Minneapolis, Minnesota) and
Medtronic AVE (Santa Rosa, California); Cook (Bloomington, Indiana); and W. L.
Gore & Associates (Sunnyvale, California) in U.S. District Court for the
Northern District of California.

Edwards is seeking injunctive relief and damages for infringement of a patent
that relates to modular or multi-part endovascular grafts especially suited for
treatment of various types of aneurysms, including abdominal aortic aneurysms
(AAAs).

Edwards said it filed the lawsuit because it believes Medtronic, Cook and Gore
are infringing a patent owned by an Australian company formed by the inventors,
Dr. Geoffrey White and Dr. Weiyun Yu, and exclusively licensed to Edwards. The
products named in the suit include Medtronic's AneuRx Stent Graft and TALENT
Stent Graft Systems, Cook's Zenith Endovascular Graft and Gore's Excluder
Bifurcated Endoprothesis.

Edwards Lifesciences bills itself as the No. 1 heart valve company in the world
and focuses on four main areas of cardiovascular disease: heart valve disease,
coronary artery disease, peripheral vascular disease and congestive heart
failure. The company's global brands, which are sold in about 100 countries,
include Carpentier-Edwards, Cosgrove-Edwards, Swan-Ganz and Fogarty.

Orthofix International (Huntersville, North Carolina) said Monday that a
two-year-longfederal investigation of its billings to federal and state
healthcare programs has ended with the company agreeing to pay about $1.7
million to settle allegations involving TriCare's (formerly Champus) payments to
Orthofix for bone growth stimulators prescribed by physicians for patients
undergoing surgery on the cervical spine. Orthofix will record the settlement
charge in the third quarter as a one-time charge with an after-tax effect of
approximately $1.1 million, or 7 cents a share.

Charles Frederico, president and CEO of Orthofix, said that the Department of
Justice also closed a related concurrent investigation of the company's billings
to other federal healthcare programs, including Medicare and Medicaid, without
taking further action.

Orthofix's bone growth stimulator products have been approved by the FDA for use
on the lower (lumbar) back for more than a decade.

The treatment is commonly prescribed by surgeons off-label to promote healing
following spinal surgery on the neck and cervical portion of the spine. However,
the federal government contended that, unlike many commercial and other
governmental insurance plans, TriCare coverage policies do not allow coverage
for off-label uses of medical devices, even when the treating physician
certifies that the device is an important factor in the success of the spinal
surgery.

TriCare is a federal health insurance plan in which many active-duty and retired
uniformed service men and women and their families are enrolled.

Federico said that Orthofix and its attorneys in the Washington office of Mintz
Levin disagreed with the government's interpretation of the law regarding
coverage of off-label uses for the FDA-approved device, but decided to settle
the matter in order to avoid the costs of protracted litigation and to maintain
the company's good relationship with the government programs. Orthofix did not
admit to any wrongdoing in connection with the settlement, which covered the
years 1995 through 2002.

"This settlement represents an excellent outcome for Orthofix and its
shareholders," Federico said. "With the investigation behind us, we can focus
our attention and energy on operations and the development of new and innovative
products."

Orthofix is expanding its line of bone growth stimulation devices to include a
device specifically designed for the treatment of the cervical spine. The
company presently is seeking FDA approval for the Cervical-Stim Cervical Fusion
System. Orthofix initiated a prospective randomized multi-center clinical
investigation of the Cervical-Stim under an approved investigational device
exemption in 1999. The company reported that this study has been concluded, and
that the data will be presented in the fourth and final module of its premarket
approval application, which will be submitted to the FDA by the end of this
month.

Orthofix is a provider of minimally invasive medical devices for the orthopedic
and trauma markets. Its products include the Orthofix external fixator for
fractures and limb reconstruction; Spinal-Stim Lite for the enhanced healing of
spinal fusions; Physio-Stim Lite for the healing of un-united fractures; the
Orthotrac pneumatic vest for treatment of chronic low back pain; the OSCAR
ultrasonic bone cement removal system for hip revision procedures; the A-V
Impulse System for enhancing venous circulation; and the Orthofix Tibial and
Femoral Nails.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                          Copyright 2003 AHC Media LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             299 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                          The Daily Telegraph (London)

                           October 28, 2010 Thursday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

'Freeze ovaries for childbirth in later life'

BYLINE: Stephen Adams

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 506 words


YOUNG women should have small sections of their ovaries frozen so they can avoid
problems if they choose to start a family in middle age, a leading surgeon has
said.

The technique could potentially give a 40 year-old the fertility level of
someone half her age, said Dr Sherman Silber, who carried out the world's first
whole ovary transplant in 2007. Thin slivers of ovaries containing tens of
thousands of eggs can now be surgically removed and frozen indefinitely, a
procedure costing about £4,000, Dr Silber said. Removing a one millimetre-thin
graft had no effect on a woman's chance of conceiving naturally in the meantime
if she so chose, he added. To date his team in St Louis, Missouri, has removed
ovarian grafts from about 140 women. The procedure was developed as a way of
preserving the fertility of women who had to undergo cancer treatment.

But Dr Silber said increasing numbers of women were coming to him solely because
they wanted to delay motherhood. About 60 of the women have had ovarian grafts
to fit in with their way of life.

He urged healthy women to consider the half-hour operation in their 20s.

He said of his present clients: "These women all come to us aged 35 or 38 after
they've broken up with their boyfriend of 10 years and they are worried about
the future."

Women should think about it earlier when they have more, better quality eggs.

Then they could "relax" and wait until 40 to have a baby if they so desired, he
said, safe in the knowledge they had "a 25-year-old ovary" waiting for them. The
procedure could feasibly replace IVF, he argued, explaining that the main cause
of infertility in women over 30 was declining egg quality.

"None of these women really need IVF after this treatment.

If you freeze these ovaries at a young age, you don't have to worry," he said.

Dr Silber also said the price of an ovarian graft was much less than the
"prohibitively expensive" cost of going through numerous IVF cycles.

The number of ovarian grafts that have been used by women to become pregnant,
remains small. His clinic has returned grafts to 11 women since 2008, who have
given birth to 12 babies. Worldwide, 23 babies have been born as a result of
grafts, across seven clinics. Fourteen were born as a result of frozen graft
transplants, while nine have been from fresh grafts from identitical twin sister
donors. No British clinic is yet offering the service.

But Dr Silber said the procedure was "robust" and took a few days' training for
a competent surgeon to master. Tony Rutherford, the chairman of the British
Fertility Society, said he was more cautious.

"If it's performed in lesser hands it might not be quite as effective." He
called for a "worldwide register" of graft operations. "Only then can we give
patients realistic figures about whether it's going to work or not."

Susan Seenan, of Infertility Network UK, said: "I would have to urge caution.
The best time to have children is when a woman is younger."

£4,000 Cost of removing a sliver of a healthy ovary, with thousands of eggs that
can be frozen

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DTL


                  Copyright 2010 Telegraph Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             300 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 5, 2013 Tuesday

USPTO Published Patent application of COOK MEDICAL TECHNOLOGIES LLC titled as
"ENDOLUMINAL PROSTHESIS ASSEMBLY"

LENGTH: 244  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an application no.
20130053944, on February 28, 2013, by COOK MEDICAL TECHNOLOGIES LLC, titled as
"ENDOLUMINAL PROSTHESIS ASSEMBLY" for the registration of patent.

Inventors:  Welch; Jonathan B.; (Greencastle, IN)
Assignee:  COOK MEDICAL TECHNOLOGIES LLC
Bloomington
IN

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "The
endoluminal prosthesis assembly comprises a first stent graft having a first end
and a second end and an interior lumen. The first stent graft has an expanded
position and a compressed position and defines an access port disposed through a
wall of the first stent graft between the first and second ends of the first
stent graft. The endoluminal prosthesis assembly further comprises a second
stent graft being disposed entirely within the interior lumen of the first stent
graft. The second stent graft is disposed within the first stent graft and has
an expanded position and a compressed position. In the compressed position, the
second stent graft contacts only a portion of an interior wall of the first
stent graft and the access port is in fluid communication with the interior
lumen of the first stent graft."

The Patent was filed on August 29, 2012 under application No. 20130053944

For more information please visit: http://www.uspto.gov/. In case of any query
regarding this article or other content needs please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             301 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Medical Device Daily

                           January 31, 2002 Thursday

Product Briefs

LENGTH: 989 words

Product Briefs

·AMDL (Tustin, California) reported receiving clearance from Canada's
Therapeutic Products Directorate, Medical Device Bureau, to market its DR-70
cancer detection test throughout Canada. DR-70 is a non-invasive cancer blood
test, shown to detect the presence in humans of up to 13 cancers, 84% of the
time, using a single tube of blood. Cancers that can be detected are lung,
colon, breast, stomach, liver, rectum, ovary, cervix, esophagus, thyroid,
pancreas, trophoblast and malignant lymphoma, according to clinical trials
conducted in China, Canada, Taiwan and Turkey. Gary Dreher, president and CEO,
said, "Already, several potential distributors have shown serious interest in
the Canadian market and AMDL can now accelerate those discussions." AMDL also
owns a combination immunogene therapy technology that is a potential treatment
for those already diagnosed with cancer and could eventually be used as a
vaccine.

·Hemosol (Miami, Florida) said it demonstrated that HRC- 102 (formally HML-110),
a conjugate of o-raffinose-polymerized hemoglobin and a soluble vitamin E
analogue with broad antioxidant properties, may have special application in the
treatment of reperfusion injury. The findings were presented at the Second
Annual Winter Symposium of the American Society of Transplant Surgeons (ASTS).
In the in vitro study, "A Hemoglobin-Based Oxygen Carrier with Antioxidant
Properties for Use in Tissue Reperfusion,'' Trolox, a water-soluble vitamin E
analogue with broad antioxidant activity, was conjugated to
o-raffinose-polymerized hemoglobin to create an HBOC with antioxidant
properties. Hemosol is focused initially on developing therapies for the
treatment of acute anemia resulting from hemoglobin deficiencies, its flagship
product being Hemolink (hemoglobin raffimer), an oxygen therapeutic.

·Kensey Nash (Exton, Pennsylvania) said it has received the CE mark to its
TriActiv Balloon Protected Flush Extraction System, following the recommendation
from TUV Rheinland, a European regulatory authority. The TriActiv System is
designed to prevent heart attacks during the interventional treatment of
saphenous vein grafts (SVGs) in patients who previously received coronary bypass
surgery but now have blockages in the grafts. The device incorporates three
features to address the problem of distal embolization -- a protection balloon
guidewire which creates a protected space, a flush catheter which washes the
graft and an extraction system which removes the debris found in the grafts.
These features work in combination to prevent the debris found in the graft from
going downstream and causing a heart attack. The TriActiv System is a platform
technology, which the company said will become an integral part of an
interventional cardiology solution, which could include future applications for
the delivery of therapeutic agents and for protection in carotid artery
procedures. Kensey Nash has established a German subsidiary, Kensey Nash Europe
GmbH, to sell the TriActiv in Europe and has begun to assemble a sales support
team. A U.S. randomized trial, the PRIDE trial (for PRotection during saphenous
vein graft Intervention to prevent Distal Embolization), commenced in December
2001. It will take place at up to 50 sites and will involve up to 800 patients.

·SolCom (Sioux Falls, South Dakota), a provider of health information solutions,
has unveiled SolCom Registration Workstation, a new feature of SolComEPFS
(electronic patient financial services) designed to enable health care
organizations to capture vital patient information at the point of access.
Registration Workstation allows providers to immediately capture insurance
cards, consent forms, advance beneficiary notices and other registration forms
necessary to manage the administrative processes of patient care. In addition,
the Registration Workstation provides a cash collection capability and an
automated cash management process. SolCom has developed the SolComHealth
solutions suite, comprised of SolComEPFS (electronic patient financial services)
and SolComEHR (electronic health record), information solutions that connect
applications, departments and enterprises.

·ViaCirq (Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania), a subsidiary of Bico (also Pittsburgh)
reported results of a long-term quality of life study with Wake Forest
University Baptist Medical Center involving patients who have survived greater
than three years following intraperitoneal hyperthermia (IPH), in conjunction
with cytoreductive surgery and chemotherapy. Of patients who have survived three
to eight years postoperatively, 62.5% described their health as excellent/very
good. Results of this study will be presented at the 55th annual Society of
Surgical Oncology Cancer Symposium in March. This procedure, pioneered at Wake
Forest University Baptist Medical Center and now offered for patients with this
advanced cancer, combines cytoreductive surgery, chemotherapy and
intraperitoneal hyperthermia.

·Xillix Technologies (Richmond, British Columbia) achieved its latest
development milestone with the demonstration of the first Onco-Life system
configured for clinical use. Onco-Life is the company's newest platform for
fluorescence endoscopy used in the detection and localization of early cancer in
the lung and gastrointestinal (GI) tract. Richard Cline, company vice president
of R&D, said, "We believe that Onco-Life's improved ease of use and imaging
performance, coupled with the reduction in size and cost will result in a
product with exciting potential for making a sustained and substantial impact in
the successful management of lung and GI cancers." Xillix's fluorescence based
imaging technology helps physicians diagnose lung and gastrointestinal cancers.
When tissue is exposed to light from Xillix's fluorescence imaging devices,
physicians may be better able to distinguish between normal tissue and tissue
suspicious for cancer.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                          Copyright 2002 AHC Media LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             302 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                           January 12, 2017 Thursday

Head Line: US Patent granted to Cook Biotech Incorporated (Indiana) on January
10, 2017 titled as "Fistula grafts and related methods and systems for treating
fistulae"

LENGTH: 244 words

DATELINE: New York


ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no.
9,538,996 on January 10, 2017, to Cook Biotech Incorporated (Indiana) titled as
"Fistula grafts and related methods and systems for treating fistulae"

Inventors: Patel; Umesh H. (West Lafayette, IN), Obermiller; F. Joseph (West
Lafayette, IN)


Assignee: Cook Biotech Incorporated (West Lafayette, IN (Indiana)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office:
"Described are medical graft products, systems, and methods for treating
fistulae. Certain products of the invention are configured to have portions
residing in and around a primary fistula opening, e.g., one occurring in a wall
of the alimentary canal. One such product includes a biocompatible graft body
which is configured to block at least the primary opening. The graft body
includes a capping member, which is configured to contact portions of the
alimentary canal wall adjacent to the primary opening, and an elongate plug
member extending from the capping member, which is configured to extend into at
least a portion of the fistula. In certain embodiments, a graft body component
has the capacity to expand or otherwise change form to provide a suitable
capping arrangement. Such a component can include a resilient wire frame, e.g.,
one that is self-expandable or one that requires at least some manipulation in
order to expand."

The patent was filed on January 31, 2007 Application No. 11/669,695


LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             303 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       The Metropolitan Corporate Counsel

                        November, 2000 Northeast Edition

Letter From The President Of The Association Of The Bar Of The City Of New York

SECTION: PRESIDENTS LETTER; Pg. 59

LENGTH: 852 words


To The Readers Of The Metropolitan Corporate Counsel:

This summer the Association issued a report entitled Dollars and Democracy: A
Blueprint for Campaign Finance Reform. Dollars and Democracy is the work of a
non-partisan special Commission appointed in 1997 by then City Bar President
Michael Cardozo. Three other former City Bar Presidents, John Feerick, Robert
Kaufman and Cyrus Vance, co-chaired the Commission. Vice Dean Richard Briffault
at Columbia Law School, and an expert on campaign finance law, served as
Executive Director to the Commission and drafted the report.

The first chapter of Dollars and Democracy, which summarizes the Commission's
recommendations, is reprinted in the September/October 2000 issue of The Record.
Key recommendations include a ban on soft money, public financing of
presidential and congressional campaigns, an increase in the current $ 1,000
federal contribution limit, a limit on contributions to political parties and
enhanced enforcement.

This August, at the urging of the City Bar, the American Bar Association's House
of Delegates overwhelmingly adopted a resolution that encompassed substantially
these principles. The new ABA President, Martha Barnett of Florida, has agreed
to work personally with us to secure adoption of federal campaign finance reform
legislation.

The City Bar will also be working to secure campaign finance reform at the State
level. We will co-sponsor a broad-based conference in Albany in early February.
The formulation of a specific blueprint for state reform is one of the missions
of the recently appointed Committee on State Governance Reform.

Honest Graft

Over 100 years ago, Tammany leader George Washington Plunkitt drew the
distinction between "honest graft"_the taking of the opportunities that arise in
politics to become rich_and "dishonest graft"_the "blackmailing of gamblers,
saloon keepers and disorderly people." In practice "honest graft" consisted
largely of facilitating payments expected by government officials to supplement
their income.

In this country, "honest graft" is mostly a thing of the past although it
remains a problem internationally. We do, however, still face two similar
problems.

The first problem is called "pay to play." This is the expectation that those
who seek either a government benefit, like a contract, or to block a government
action, like a piece of legislation, will make a facilitating payment to the
campaigns of the relevant decision makers or their political parties.

Escalating Spending

The second problem is the increase in campaign spending. Campaign spending is
increasing at a rate in excess of the rate of increase in the cost of the items
- such as postage and television time - used in campaigns. For example, a recent
report by the New York Fair Elections Project stated that in New York the cost
of such items increased 27% between 1994 and 1998 whereas the amount spent in
the 1998 Pataki/Vallone race was 121% more than the amount spent in the 1994
Cuomo/Pataki race.

This kind of spending escalation has adverse consequences. Those who hold office
are forced to divert time from governing to fundraising. All candidates are
required to use more aggressive tactics such as one-on-one telephone
solicitation (so-called "dialing for dollars"). The advantage of incumbency is
increased because incumbents offer contributors a more immediate and more
certain return on their investment. As the importance of incumbency goes up,
competitiveness and accountability go down.

A key adverse consequence of the high spending environment falls on the
integrity of the law-making process. To be effective and reasonably efficient,
candidates must pay attention to the so-called "giving pyramid" and raise the
bulk of their money in large chunks. As their financial needs escalate, they
must depend more and more on funding from wealthy individuals and business,
union, and other well financed advocacy groups.

This increased dependence means that increasingly these individuals and groups
are the people to please. To a degree, law-making influence shifts from voters
counted by their numbers to voters and entities counted by their wealth.

Disclosure Insufficient

Absent reform, there is no clear end in sight to campaign spending increases.
Disclosure alone will not end it. As Jesse Unruh, a former Speaker of the
California Assembly, observed, "Money is the mother's milk of politics." Because
money is central, only enforceable measures of restraint will bring the campaign
financing under control. There are First Amendment limitations on what can be
done, but there is a strong constitutional basis for all of the principles we
are espousing.

The Association does, and the entire Bar should, advocate comprehensive campaign
finance reform. Because of the impact of campaign finance practices on the law
making process, this is decidedly a lawyer's issue. Without reform the
legislative process will not likely, in the words of the oath taken by every
federal judge, "do equal right to the rich and the poor."

Sincerely,

Evan A. Davis

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

            Copyright 2000 The Metropolitan Corporate Counsel, Inc.


                             304 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                             July 8, 2015 Wednesday

SilkByPass: Develop simple tissue regeneration technologies for the benefits of
humanity by leveraging the biomimetic properties and the mechanical advantages
of a new silk manufacturing nanotechnology.

LENGTH: 399  words


EU contribution: EUR 50 000
Objective: Silk Biomaterials is a nanotechnology platform company. Its goal is
to revolutionize the

85bn global tissue engineering market by leveraging the biomimetic properties
and the mechanical advantages of silk.

SilkByPass, a device designed for the regeneration of small blood vessels, will
be the first product developed by Silk Biomaterials. About 560k/year coronary
artery bypass graft surgeries (CABG) are performed in OECD countries. The
current golden standard for CABG is autograft (mainly saphenous vein, umbilical
vein and mammary artery) and very often more than one graft is required for each
procedure. However, autografts are not always available and present several
drawbacks: so, there is a global urgent need for man-made grafts. Very few
synthetic grafts are on the market and, due to their very poor results, they are
used only when autografts previously failed. There is also a need for man-made
solutions for peripheral blood vessels, like saphenous veins and carotids. For
those vessels there are no autografts available and small calibre synthetic
grafts fail in restoring the bloodstream. Our innovative nanotechnology
stimulates faster natural human tissue regeneration, with no rejection risks or
use of drugs. In addition to that, it is cheaper than other synthetic grafts,
allows for easy surgery and doesn  t produce any dangerous degradation product
in the patient  s body. Key opinion leaders, clinicians, venture capitalists and
medical device companies have already recognized its commercial potential, which
is estimated to be around

3.9bn annually in OECD countries. The feasibility assessment to be undertaken in
Phase 1 will help Silk Biomaterials further de-risk its technological/commercial
viability and plan for a series of activities requiring Phase 2 funding (i.e.:
clinical trials, reimbursement negotiations, distribution and licensing
agreements, etc.) that will improve the investment readiness of our company and
strengthen its long term sustainability.
Project completion date : 2016-01-01 12:00:00
Major organization : SILK BIOMATERIALS SRL

Address : Via Cavour, 2,
22074 Colorado Springs, CO,

Country :Italy
Financier : European Union (EU),

Financier address : European Union (EU)
Rue de la Loi 200/Wetstraat 200,
B-1049 Bruxelles/Brussels,
Belgium
Tel: 32-2-2999696, 2993085
Fax: 32-2-2961749
Url: ec.europa.eu/

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2015 Tenders Info
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             305 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 3, 2015 Saturday

USPTO Published Patent application of Akzo Nobel Surface Chemistry LLC titled as
"CLEANING COMPOSITION CONTAINING A POLYSACCHARIDE GRAFT POLYMER COMPOSITON AND
METHODS OF IMPROVING DRAINAGE"

LENGTH: 199  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an application no.
20150005218, published on January 01, 2015, by Akzo Nobel Surface Chemistry LLC,
titled as "CLEANING COMPOSITION CONTAINING A POLYSACCHARIDE GRAFT POLYMER
COMPOSITON AND METHODS OF IMPROVING DRAINAGE" for the registration of patent.

Inventors:   Silvernail; Carter M.; (Burnsville, MN) ; Olson; Erik C.; (Savage,
MN) ; Rodrigues; Klin; (Signal Mountain, TN)
Assignee: Ecolab USA Inc.
Akzo Nobel Surface Chemistry LLC

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
composition includes a polysaccharide graft polymer composition. In one
embodiment, the polysaccharide graft polymer composition includes a
polysaccharide residue present in an amount from about 5% to about 90% by weight
of the polysaccharide graft polymer composition and a residue of at least one
ethylenically unsaturated monomer present in an amount from about 10% to about
75% by weight of the polysaccharide graft polymer composition."

The Patent was filed on September 19, 2014 under application No. 20150005218

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             306 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                            April 21, 1997, Monday
                              Correction Appended

Burned boy shows his resilience after grafts

BYLINE: JEFFREY BRAINARD

SECTION: PASCO TIMES; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 621 words

DATELINE: DADE CITY



Cruz Tejada, all of 7 months old, underwent his second series of skin-graft
operations in three weeks on Thursday.

But soon after, Cruz, who was seriously burned in a March 29 accident at  his
home in Dade City, smiled broadly at his mother and played peek-a-boo.

The boy will need that kind of resilience as he travels a long road of  recovery
from second- and third-degree burns.

Cruz is being treated at a hospital in Cincinnati. He faces several more  weeks
of operations and therapy before he can return to Dade City.

"I don't think anything will keep him down," said his mother, Linda  Aguirre, in
a telephone interview Friday.

"That helps me out (emotionally), to be able to play with him," said  Aguirre,
19.

The boy was injured when he pulled the cord of a deep fryer in the kitchen,
turning it over and spilling hot grease on his face, neck, chest, back and
stomach.

He may have to undergo as many as 20 more skin-graft operations between now  and
age 18. As his body grows, he will require new grafts.

For five days after the grafts, his arms must be strapped down so he won't  flex
grafted areas or touch the grafts as they heal, as he has before. During  that
period, Cruz's parents cannot hold him because of the risk of infection.

The boy is being given morphine, and "it doesn't seem like he's in pain,"
Aguirre said. However, skin for the grafts was taken from his buttocks, and  for
several days he was cranky because of the soreness, Aguirre said.

Through the ordeal, Cruz and his parents are doing their best to keep their
spirits up.

Aguirre said the cards, flowers and prayers of friends in Dade City have
helped.

The Shriners are providing all of Cruz's surgical and medical care for free  at
the Cincinnati Burns Center at Shriners Hospital for Children.

Aguirre and Cruz's father, Jesse Tejada, 20, are staying at a nearby  dormitory
for parents of the burn center's 30 child patients. The Shriners  also provide
grocery money and a common kitchen.

Aguirre and Tejada have met and shared their ordeal with other parents at  the
dormitory. That contact, Aguirre said, has "helped me a lot. When I first  got
here, I didn't know what to expect from the grafts. I thought he'd be done  and
he could come right home.

"I've seen their kids, how they come out after the grafts, and I have an  idea
how they will look and heal," she said.

There are also the inevitable self-recriminations.

"I know when we get our next house, everything will be childproof,"  Aguirre
said.

Two weeks ago, the family was reunited with their older son, Cris, 2, who  had
been staying with Tejada's mother, Erlinda, in Dade City. The couple drove  to
Florida, picked him up, and drove back to Cincinnati.

"Cruz was happy to see Cris, but when Cris saw Cruz, he said, "No, no.' I  don't
know if it was because he didn't think it was his brother or he didn't  want to
see him like that."

Now Aguirre and Tejada must learn the laborious techniques for the daily  care
Cruz must receive after he is released from the hospital. These include
changing his dressings at least three times a day.

He may have to return to Cincinnati for regular checkups.

Although the family is concentrating on the present, Aguirre said she was  told
by her employer, Mr. C's Warehouse in Dade City, that she can continue  working
there as a cashier when she returns.

To help with the family's expenses, a fund has been set up at the San  Antonio
Citizens Federal Credit Union in Dade City. To donate, call (352)  521-5606.
About $ 1,500 has been donated so far, Aguirre said.

Cards or flowers may be sent to Cruz at the hospital, 3229 Vurnet Ave.,
Cincinnati, OH 45229.

LOAD-DATE: April 23, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: PASCO TIMES; CITY & STATE; METRO & STATE; TAMPA & STATE

CORRECTION-DATE: April 23, 1997

CORRECTION:
 A story Monday provided an incorrect spelling for the street address where
cards or flowers may be sent to Cruz Tejada, the 7-month-old Dade City boy who
is being treated for burns at a hospital in Cincinnati. The correct address is
the Cincinnati Burns Unit at Shriners Hospital for Children, 3229 Burnet Ave.,
Cincinnati, OH 45229.

GRAPHIC: BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO; BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO, Times files; Cruz Tejada
; Jesse Tejada and Linda Aguirre pose with their older son, Cris Tejada, in the
kitchen of their St. Joseph home in March (ran PT)

                    Copyright 1997 Times Publishing Company


                             307 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                           November 9, 2016 Wednesday

University of Pittsburgh - Of the Commonwealth System of Higher Education
(Pennsylvania) applies for US Patent titled as "Bioerodible Wraps and Uses
Therefor"

LENGTH: 259 words

DATELINE: New York


ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an
application no. 20160317280 for US Patent, published on November 3, 2016, by
University of Pittsburgh - Of the Commonwealth System of Higher Education
(Pennsylvania), titled as "Bioerodible Wraps and Uses Therefor"  for the
registration of patent.



Inventors: El-Kurdi; Mohammed S.; (Pittsburgh, PA) ; Hong; Yi; (Pittsburgh, PA)
; Soletti; Lorenzo; (Pittsburgh, PA) ; Stankus; John J.; (Campbell, CA) ; Vorp;
David A.; (Pittsburgh, PA) ; Wagner; William R.; (

Applicant: University of Pittsburgh - Of the Commonwealth System of Higher
Education Pittsburgh   PA   US (Pennsylvania)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
tubular tissue graft device is provided comprising a tubular tissue and a
restrictive fiber matrix of a bioerodible polymer about a circumference of the
tubular tissue. The matrix may be electrospun onto the tubular tissue. In one
embodiment, the tubular tissue is from a vein, such as a saphenous vein, useful
as an arterial graft, for example and without limitation, in a coronary artery
bypass procedure. Also provided is method of preparing a tubular graft
comprising depositing a fiber matrix of a bioerodible polymer about a perimeter
of a tubular tissue to produce a tubular tissue graft device. A cardiac bypass
method comprising bypassing a coronary artery with a tubular tissue graft device
comprising a vein and a restrictive fiber matrix of a bioerodible polymer about
a circumference of the vein also is provided."


LOAD-DATE: November 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             308 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                            November 7, 2016 Monday

University of Pittsburgh - Of the Commonwealth System of Higher Education
(Pennsylvania) applies for US Patent titled as "Bioerodible Wraps and Uses
Therefor"

LENGTH: 259 words

DATELINE: New York


ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an
application no. 20160317280 for US Patent, published on November 3, 2016, by
University of Pittsburgh - Of the Commonwealth System of Higher Education
(Pennsylvania), titled as "Bioerodible Wraps and Uses Therefor"  for the
registration of patent.



Inventors: El-Kurdi; Mohammed S.; (Pittsburgh, PA) ; Hong; Yi; (Pittsburgh, PA)
; Soletti; Lorenzo; (Pittsburgh, PA) ; Stankus; John J.; (Campbell, CA) ; Vorp;
David A.; (Pittsburgh, PA) ; Wagner; William R.; (

Applicant: University of Pittsburgh - Of the Commonwealth System of Higher
Education   Pittsburgh   PA   US (Pennsylvania)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
tubular tissue graft device is provided comprising a tubular tissue and a
restrictive fiber matrix of a bioerodible polymer about a circumference of the
tubular tissue. The matrix may be electrospun onto the tubular tissue. In one
embodiment, the tubular tissue is from a vein, such as a saphenous vein, useful
as an arterial graft, for example and without limitation, in a coronary artery
bypass procedure. Also provided is method of preparing a tubular graft
comprising depositing a fiber matrix of a bioerodible polymer about a perimeter
of a tubular tissue to produce a tubular tissue graft device. A cardiac bypass
method comprising bypassing a coronary artery with a tubular tissue graft device
comprising a vein and a restrictive fiber matrix of a bioerodible polymer about
a circumference of the vein also is provided."


LOAD-DATE: November 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             309 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Buffalo News (New York)

                            March 28, 2015 Saturday
                              Buffalo News Edition

Foot surgery to put Durant out up to six months

BYLINE: News wire services

SECTION: D,D; Pg. 37

LENGTH: 449 words


LOS ANGELES - Reigning league MVP Kevin Durant will undergo a third surgery on
his right foot - a bone graft procedure - that will keep the Oklahoma City
Thunder star sidelined for up to six months.

The Thunder expected Durant to return last week to the lineup for a playoff push
following a late February procedure to replace a screw in his right foot that
was causing swelling and discomfort, stemming from an October surgery to repair
a broken bone.

But Durant suffered a setback, and the Thunder removed him from basketball
activities indefinitely.

Durant visited specialists this week, and it was determined that another surgery
was necessary.

"While the majority of the soreness in Kevin's foot was related to continued
inflammation of the cuboid bone and would subside with rest, the evaluation
process also determined that the Jones fracture of the fifth metatarsal, which
had shown significant healing previously, was now demonstrating signs of
regression," Thunder General Manager Sam Presti said Friday.

"With the focus of this process being aimed entirely on Kevin's long-term health
and stability, it was the consensus of the specialist team, in addition to a
collective decision by Kevin, his representation and the Thunder, that to
address the setback of the fracture site, a bone graft procedure would be the
most proactive and recommended approach."The bone graft surgery is scheduled for
next week in New York.

"The bone graft is the standard procedure for the 5 to 8 percent of Jones
fracture surgeries that do not initially have success or experience setbacks
sometime within the recovery period," Presti said.

Durant finished the season averaging 25.4 points, 6.6 rebounds and 4.1 assists
in just 27 games.

Around the rims

· Joe Johnson paced a balanced scoring attack with 20 points and nine assists
and center Brook Lopez continued his fine play of late with 20 points, leading
the Brooklyn Nets to a crucial 106-98 victory over the Cleveland Cavaliers
Friday night.

· DeMarre Carroll scored 19 of his 24 points in the first half to pace the
Atlanta Hawks to a 99-86 win over the Miami Heat. The victory, along with a
Cleveland loss to Brooklyn, enabled Atlanta to clinch first place in the Eastern
Conference. It is only the second time the Hawks have clinched the No. 1 seed,
the other coming in 1993-94.

· Reggie Jackson had 26 points, 11 rebounds and 10 assists -- his second
triple-double in nine days -- to lead the Detroit Pistons to an easy 111-97
victory over the Orlando Magic.

· Chris Paul scored 25 points as the Los Angeles Clippers battered the
Philadelphia 76ers 119-98 to clinch a playoff berth for a fourth straight
season. J.J. Redick added 19 points for the Clippers.

LOAD-DATE: March 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             310 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        Progressive Media - Company News

                           November 21, 2013 Thursday

Medtronic reports encouraging results from early feasibility study of Valiant
Mona LSA stent graft system

SECTION: NORTH AMERICA; Technology

LENGTH: 446 words



HIGHLIGHT: US-based Medtronic has reported that its Valiant 'Mona LSA' branch
thoracic stent graft system demonstrated proof-of-concept in a first-in-human
study being conducted under the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA)'s
'Innovation Pathway' early feasibility pilot programme.


US-based Medtronic has reported that its Valiant 'Mona LSA' branch thoracic
stent graft system demonstrated proof-of-concept in a first-in-human study being
conducted under the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA)'s 'Innovation Pathway'
early feasibility pilot programme.

The trial was conducted under investigational device exemption from the FDA and
designed to demonstrate proof of principle and initial clinical safety.

The initial result from the seven-patient trial showed 100% technical success in
placing the devices and 100% patency in both the main and branch grafts, with no
reported type I or III endoleaks.

Carolinas HealthCare System's Sanger Heart & Vascular Institute vascular surgeon
Dr Frank Arko said the initial results of this early feasibility study are
encouraging.

"This new technology could potentially minimise the need for invasive surgery
and extend the benefits of endovascular repair without additional surgery to
more patients with thoracic aortic aneurysms," said Dr Arko, one of the study's
two US investigators.

The Valiant Mona LSA system is designed to repair a thoracic aortic aneurysm
(TAA) encroaching on the left subclavian artery (LSA) by excluding the aneurysm
from blood flow, while maintaining perfusion of the LSA.

It features modifications to Valiant Captivia thoracic stent graft, including a
branch cuff that accommodates the left subclavian artery branch graft.

Its unique design eliminates the routine requirement for surgical LSA bypass,
which proves necessary following about 40% of thoracic aortic aneurysm cases
where coverage of the LSA is required to achieve a seal zone with the stent
graft.

Cleveland Clinic cardiothoracic surgeon and the study's national primary
investigator Dr Eric Roselli said thoracic aortic aneurysms involving branch
vessels such as the LSA can be particularly challenging to treat.

"The Valiant Mona LSA system could help address an unmet need in the treatment
of thoracic aortic aneurysms," said Dr Roselli. "This is clearly reflected in
the FDA's decision to help advance the development of this new therapy."

The Valiant Mona LSA system was the first of nine devices selected for
evaluation as part of the FDA's new pilot programme designed to encourage
early-stage clinical investigation of new medical devices in the US. The branch
thoracic stent graft system is reportedly the first device of its kind to
undergo clinical evaluation in the US.

According to GlobalData estimates, the US thoracic aortic stent grafts market in
the US was valued at $193m in 2012 and is expected to grow at a CAGR of 6.6% to
reach $302m by 2019.

Image: Valiant thoracic stent graft in Aorta. Photo: courtesy Medtronic, Inc.

LOAD-DATE: November 22, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2013 Progressive Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             311 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            The Times (South Africa)

                              June 18, 2012 Monday

Moment of truth for Pippie today

BYLINE: Boitumelo Ntsoko

SECTION: HEALTH

LENGTH: 406 words


'You know, I just want to hold her again'
 Doctor to start removal of dressings covering skin grafts
 THREE-year-old Pippie Kruger's doctor, Ridwan Mia, will start removing her
bandages today after her massive skin graft operation last week.


  Mia said yesterday that he would start removing Pippie's bandages today and
hoped to have most of them off by the end of the week.
 "We will remove certain clips [which hold the grafts in place] where the graft
is very stable," he said. "This will continue for two to four days.
  "From there we will expose a part of her body each day to see how her wounds
are and then put lighter dressings on."
 Pippie, from Lephalale, in Limpopo, was severely burnt on New Year's Eve last
year when a gel fire-lighter that her father, Erwin, used caused burns on 80% of
her body. Doctors gave her only a 10% chance of survival.
 Mia and his team grew new skin by taking healthy skin from her groin and
cultivating it in a laboratory in Boston, in the US.
 The transplants were done on Monday and today Mia will gets his first inkling
of whether the operation was successful.
 "It is very easy to be complacent at this stage but we have to be vigilant and
make sure that the graft is looked after and nurtured," said Mia.
 The procedure, though simple, is very delicate.
 "We have to remove the bandages in a sterile environment without disturbing the
skin.
 "You can't move aggressively or fast, or slide the dressings, because that
could fracture or break the graft."
 There are concerns about exposing her body because [that might cause] her
temperature to drop too low.
 "We have to be meticulous so we can't rush the procedure but, at the same time,
we are racing against the clock," said Mia.
 "At this stage we have to make sure there are no infections", which pose a
constant danger.

 "We will gradually reduce her sedation and remove her from the ventilator.
 "This will allow her to move a bit and we hope that movement will be safe,"
said Mia.
 This will happen over a week and then she will be able to begin physiotherapy.
 Pippie's mother, Anice Kruger, said she could not wait for the bandages to come
off.
 "It's like Christmas when the bandages come off but they will have to go back
on again," said Kruger.
 Kruger said she is not sure what to expect today.
 "I just want to hold her again," said Kruger.
 Kruger said it has been a long hard road for the family but the ordeal had
brought them closer together.

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: The Times


                         Copyright 2012 AVUSA Media LTD
                              All Rights Reserved


                             312 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Medical Device Daily

                              June 3, 2011 Friday

Gore reports the U.S. launch of hybrid vascular graft for ESRD

LENGTH: 1087 words

Medical Device Daily Senior Staff Writer

Figuratively speaking, Valerie Cross has seen light bulbs turn on above doctors'
heads when she tells them about or shows them the new Hybrid Vascular Graft from
W. L. Gore & Associates (Flagstaff, Arizona).

"They say it makes perfect sense, why didn't we have this like 10 years ago? The
technology is great, it's reliable, they are excited to use it in new, different
applications . . . it's like a little light bulb goes on and they are thinking
about new applications or patients that it would be perfect for," Cross, a Gore
associate, told Medical Device Daily.

Gore said its Hybrid Vascular Graft, which the FDA cleared last year, is now
available in the U.S. The device is designed to expand treatment options and
improve blood flow for dialysis access patients with end-stage renal disease
(ESRD). More than 130 dialysis access patients have been treated with the
device, the company noted. Three-month data for newly created access implants
demonstrates a trend toward a reduction in revision procedures, thrombosis
events, and seroma, as compared to historical graft data, Gore said. John Ross,
MD, general surgeon at the Bamberg County Hospital (Bamberg, South Carolina)
performed the first clinical implants.

"Outflow stenosis has been a long-standing challenge for vascular grafts. The
Gore Hybrid vascular graft is a promising new option because it targets intimal
hyperplasia by creating a sutureless anastomosis that can be created
percutaneously," Ross said. "This new device directs the outflow so it is
in-line with the vessel and shields the area most prone to intimal hyperplasia
and failure."

In the U.S., more than 300,000 people suffer from ESRD and are in need of
dialysis, Gore noted.

The Gore Hybrid Vascular Graft is indicated for use as a vascular prosthesis for
dialysis access or bypass for other peripheral vascular diseases. The device is
designed to address the most common causes of graft failure; intimal
hyperplasia, thrombosis, and seroma. The device simplifies access to vessels
with a new over-the-wire deployment method through a smaller than usual incision
in the skin that reduces vessel injury and dissection. The Gore Hybrid Vascular
Graft has been used to create new access sites in anatomical locations that
would have been abandoned otherwise, preserving the amount of access sites
available throughout the patient's long-term therapy.

The system combines several of the company's technologies. The expanded
polytetrafluoroethylene (ePTFE) vascular prosthesis has a section reinforced
with nitinol. The nitinol reinforced section is partially constrained to allow
for easy insertion and deployment into vessels that are difficult to reach or in
challenging anatomical locations. According to Gore, it is the only combination
graft that incorporates Carmeda BioActive Surface end-point immobilization of
heparin to the luminal surface, resulting in a proven thromboresistant surface.

"We are very excited to introduce the Gore Hybrid Vascular Graft that has the
potential to significantly improve outcomes," said Chuck Biggerstaff, associate
with the Gore Venous Access Business. "This device is the latest addition to
Gore's long history of introducing innovative devices and technologies to
positively impact the lives of patients worldwide."

Cross told MDD that the Hybrid is designed to benefit patients and physicians in
that it allows the surgeon to access challenging site locations and deep
vessels, such as in obese patients or calcified vessels. She said it makes it to
where the physician does not have to suture at one side of the graft. "So it
allows them to get to harder-to-reach vessels and reduces vessel manipulation,"
she said.

ESRD is an area Gore appears to be quite interested in. Last fall, Gore reported
that the first patient in an investigational device exemption study evaluating
its self-sealing Gore Acuseal Vascular Graft in patients on hemodialysis had
been surgically implanted with the device on July 29 at Greenville Hospital
System (Greenville, South Carolina). Less than 24 hours after the device was
implanted, it was cannulated or punctured for initial hemodialysis access, Gore
said at the time (Medical Device Daily, Aug. 16, 2011).

David Cull, MD, interim chair of the department of surgery at the Greenville
Hospital, surgically implanted the device in the upper extremity of an ESRD
patient. ESRD patients frequently require prosthetic tube-shaped conduits to
access their blood for hemodialysis. The Gore Acuseal Vascular Graft features a
multi-layer wall construction engineered to minimize bleeding during the implant
procedure and during the subsequent needle punctures required to access a
patient's blood during dialysis sessions, according to Gore.

"ESRD patients can pose significant treatment challenges, including the healing
and early sealing of vascular grafts," said Cull, an investigator for the study.
"The concept behind this new product is the blending of self sealing with an
optimal handling vascular graft compatible with a patient's native blood
vessels."

"New options in treating renal disease are made possible through clinical
studies. We are excited about the Gore Acuseal Vascular Graft clinical study and
the potential to improve the quality of life for ESRD patients," Ohan told
Medical Device Daily last year. He said the study is designed to evaluate the
safety and effectiveness of the device for hemodialysis, in the early
post-operative period.

Gore noted that its Acuseal graft is the only prosthetic vascular graft to
combine predictable self-sealing with improved handling and a surface bonded
with heparin. Featuring expanded polyetrafluoroethylene on the external and
luminal surfaces, the middle layer of the graft is a self sealing elastomer.
"This unique construction" inhibits blood leakage following suturing of the
vascular graft or after the repeated needle cannulations necessary for
hemodialysis access treatments, Gore said.

Cross told MDD that the Acuseal graft, which is still enrolling patients in U.S.
clinical trials and just last week became available in Europe, is designed as an
early cannulation graft for dialysis access. "If a patient needs dialysis they
can be implanted and used immediately after implantation," Cross said.
Traditionally with vascular grafts the physician has to wait for tissue ingrowth
to take place before they can start cannulating it for dialysis access, she
explained.

Amanda Pedersen, 309-351-7774;


LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                          Copyright 2011 AHC Media LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             313 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  August 7, 1992, Friday, Late Edition - Final

Mouse Study May Point the Way To Transplants With Fewer Drugs

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section A; Page 12; Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 696 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Aug. 6


Tests show that a new protein can trick the mouse immune system into accepting
transplanted tissue instead of attacking it. Experts say the discovery might
lead to organ transplants that would not be followed by a lifetime of
anti-rejection drugs.

Dr. Jeffrey A. Bluestone, the leader of a research team at the University of
Chicago Medical Center, said the protein blocked a key signal that immune cells
called T cells must receive before they attack transplanted tissue. Without that
signal, the organ transplant is tolerated by the body, he said.

While the study shows that the new protein can help the mouse body accept
transplanted tissue, the rest of the immune system is left intact and able to
fight off germs and diseases. A report on the study will be published Friday in
the journal Science.

In the Chicago study, a group of diabetic mice received transplants of human
pancreatic tissue, which produces insulin. Half the mice were also treated for
two weeks with injections of a protein called CTLA4Ig, which was produced
through genetic engineering.

The mice that did not receive the protein shots rejected the tissue transplants,
so those grafts died within a week. But the grafts survived in the mice that
received the CTLA4Ig shots; in most cases, the grafts showed no sign of
rejection by the mouse immune system. Dr. Bluestone reported that the grafts
also produced insulin, thus correcting the insulin deficiency of the diabetic
mice.

A number of test runs were conducted with several groups of laboratory mice and
the results were generally the same, he said. "We kept some mice with grafts for
well over 100 days," Dr. Bluestone said.

Blocking a Signal

Dr. Bluestone said the study was based on the fact that it takes two contacts
between a T cell and foreign tissue for the host body's immune system to be
activated to attack transplanted tissue.

One contact occurs when a T-cell receptor, a molecule on the surface of the T
cell, binds with a molecule on the transplanted graft that identifies the tissue
as foreign. The second contact occurs when another T-cell receptor binds with a
molecule called B7 on the transplanted tissue.

The second signal prompts an attack by the immune system, Dr. Bluestone said. If
the second signal is blocked, the transplanted tissue is tolerated by the body,
and that is what CTLA4Ig appears to do. The protein does not permit the T cell
to bind to the B7 molecule on the surface of the transplanted tissue.

"T cells that get that first signal, but not the second signal, are turned off.
So far as we can tell, they are turned off forever," Dr. Bluestone said.

Dr. J. Richard Thistlethwaite, chief of transplantation services at the
University of Chicago Medical Center and a co-author of Dr. Bluestone's report,
said that if the technique could be perfected for human use, "we will have
solved the major problem facing organ transplantation today."

Sparing the Immune System

Patients now receiving kidney, heart or liver transplants must take a lifetime
of drugs to prevent rejection of the transplanted organs. The drugs leave
transplant patients in danger of catching other diseases because they suppress
all immune functions.

The CTLA4Ig protein affects only a few T cells, leaving the rest of the immune
system healthy and able to fight infection.

Each organism's immune system has billions of T cells, Dr. Bluestone said, but
only a small subset of these are primed to attack foreign tissue. CTLA4Ig seems
to affect only that subset of T cells, leaving the rest of the immune system
functioning normally.

Although the system works well in mice, Dr. Bluestone said, several years of
animal testing will be needed before the technique can be tried on humans.
Something that works in mice might not work in humans, he cautioned.

The protein used in the study was developed by the Bristol-Myers Squibb
Pharmaceutical Research Institute. A companion paper in Science by Bristol-Myers
Squibb scientists shows that although CTLA4Ig can suppress immune function, the
effect is not always permanent in all test animals when they are tested against
various kinds of transplanted cells.

LOAD-DATE: August 7, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company


                             314 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

             Copyright 2017 Thomson Financial, All Rights Reserved
                            Reuters Knowledge Direct

                               February 27, 2017

                                   AxoGen Inc

                          13631 Progress Blvd Ste 400
                            ALACHUA,  FL 32615-9409
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: Main Phone: 1-386-4626817
FAX: 1-386-4626801
URL: Home Page: http://www.axogeninc.com/
E-MAIL: InvestorRelations@AxoGenInc.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
TICKER: AXGN
CUSIP: 05463X106
IRS No.: 411301878
CIK: 0000805928
ISIN: US05463X1063
SEDOL: B7254K9
Reuters Instrument Code: AXGN.O
Display RIC: AXGN.OQ

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: June 20, 1977
PLACE OF INCORPORATION: Minnesota
LEGAL STATUS: Equity Issue
OPERATING STATUS: Active
EMPLOYEES: 113

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *



OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS
NAME            CURRENT TITLE (DATE)      OFFICER      DIRECTOR     AGE   SEX
                                          SINCE        SINCE
Jamie Grooms    Independent Chairman of   2011         2011         55    M
                the Board (2011)
Karen Zaderej   President, Chief          2011         2011         53    F
                Executive Officer,
                Director (2011)
Mr. Peter       Chief Financial Officer   2016                      52    M
Mariani CPA     (2016)
Mr. Gregory     Senior Vice President -   2010         2010         54    M
Freitag Esq.    Business Development,
J.D. CPA        General Counsel, Director
                (2016)
Shawn McCarrey  Senior Vice President -   2013                      56    M
                Sales (2013)
Mr. Kevin Leach Vice President -          2016                            M
                Marketing (2016)
Mr. Erick       Vice President of         2014                      39    M
DeVinney        Clinical and
                Translational Sciences
                (2014)
Mr. John Engels Vice President (2011)     2011                      43    M
Dr. Mark        Vice President -          2011                      57    M
Friedman Ph.D.  Regulatory and Quality
                (2011)
David Hansen    Corporate Controller      2011                      54    M
                (2011)
Mr. Guido Neels Director (2015)                        2015         67    M
Ms. Amy Wendell Director (2016)                        2016         56    F
Dr. Mark Gold   Independent Director                   2011         67    M
M.D.            (2011)
Robert Rudelius Independent Director      2011         2010         59    M
                (2011)

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   AxoGen, Inc. (AxoGen), incorporated on June 20, 1977, is a medical technology
company focused on peripheral nerve repair. The Company provides products and
education to improve surgical treatment algorithms for peripheral nerve
injuries. The Company's regenerative medicine products include Avance Nerve
Graft, a processed nerve allograft for bridging severed nerves without the
comorbidities associated with a nerve autograft additional surgical site;
AxoGuard Nerve Connector, a porcine submucosa ExtraCellular Matrix (ECM)
coaptation aid for repair of severed nerves, and AxoGuard Nerve Protector, a
porcine submucosa ECM product used to wrap and protect injured peripheral
nerves. The Company also sells AxoTouch Two Point Discriminator, a measurement
tool for determining innervation density and sensory function.

   Avance Nerve Graft

   Avance Nerve Graft is used for the surgical repair of peripheral nerve
discontinuities to support regeneration across the defect (a gap created when
the nerve is severed). It is intended to act as a bridge in order to guide and
structurally support axonal regeneration across a nerve gap caused by traumatic
injury or surgical intervention. Avance Nerve Graft is decellularized and
sterile extracellular matrix processed from human peripheral nerve tissue.
Avance Nerve Graft consists of bundles of small diameter endoneurial tubes that
are held together by an outer sheath called the epineurium. Avance Nerve Graft
has been processed to remove cellular and non-cellular factors, such as cells,
fat, blood, axonal debris and chondroitin sulfate proteoglycans (CSPG), while
preserving the three-dimensional laminin lined tubular bioscaffold
(microarchitecture), epineurium and microvasculature of the peripheral nerve.

   AxoGuard Nerve Connector

   AxoGuard Nerve Connector is a coaptation aid used to align and connect nerve
ends. The product is in a tubular shape with an open lumen on each end where the
severed nerve ends are placed. It is used when the gap between the nerve ends is
approximately five millimeter in length. AxoGuard Nerve Connector is made from a
minimally processed porcine ECM. AxoGuard Nerve Connector is provided sterile,
for single use only, and in different sizes to meet the surgeon's needs.
AxoGuard Nerve Connector can be used as an alternative to direct suture repair;
to relieve tension at the coaptation site of severed nerves; to aid coaptation
in direct repair, grafting or cable grafting repairs; to reduce the risk of
forced fascicular mismatch, and to reinforce the coaptation site.

   AxoGuard Nerve Protector

   AxoGuard Nerve Protector is a product used to wrap and protect injured
peripheral nerves and reinforce reconstructed nerve gaps while preventing soft
tissue attachments. AxoGuard Nerve Protector is designed to protect and isolate
the nerve during the healing process after surgery. AxoGuard Nerve Protector is
delivered in a slit tube format allowing it to be wrapped around nerve
structures. AxoGuard Nerve Protector is made from a minimally processed porcine
ECM. AxoGuard Nerve Protector is provided sterile, for single use only, and in
various sizes to meet the surgeon's needs. AxoGuard Nerve Protector can be used
to protect injured nerves or nerve repair sites from surrounding tissue;
minimize risk of soft tissue attachments and entrapment in compressed nerves;
protect nerves in a traumatized wound bed; and reinforce a coaptation site.

   AcroVal Neurosensory and Motor Testing System

   AcroVal Neurosensory and Motor Testing System is a device for evaluating
patients with peripheral nerve conditions. With the AcroVal system, examiners
will have digital, less subjective results for their patients with conditions,
such as peripheral neuropathy, nerve compression syndromes, and transected
nerves. The AcroVal consists of approximately three different devices designed
to evaluate hand strength and neurosensory function, including AcroGrip- hand
grip strength measurement; AcroPinch-pinch strength measurement, and
Pressure-Specified Sensory Device (PSSD)-somatosensory evaluation and
measurement device. The AcroVal can be used to assist healthcare professionals
in detecting changes in sensation, pinch strength or grip strength; assessing
return of sensory or motor function; establishing effective treatment
interventions, and providing feedback to patients.

   AxoTouch Two Point Discriminator

   AxoTouch Two-Point Discriminator tool can be used to measure the innervation
density of any surface area of the skin. The AxoTouch Two-Point Discriminator
tool is a set of approximately two aluminum discs each containing a series of
prongs spaced between 2 to 15 millimeters apart. Additionally, 20 and 25
millimeter spacing is provided. A circular depression on either side of the disc
allows ease of rotation. The discs can be rotated between a single prong for
testing one-point and any of the other spaced prongs for testing two-point
intervals. The discs are useful for determining sensation after a nerve injury,
following the progression of a repaired nerve, and during the evaluation of a
person with a possible nerve injury, such as nerve division or nerve
compression.

   The Company competes with Integra LifeSciences Holding Corporation, Baxter
International, Inc. and Stryker Corporation.

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
PRIMARY NAICS:
334510 - Electromedical and Electrotherapeutic Apparatus Manufacturing
SECONDARY NAICS:
54171 - Research and Development in the Physical, Engineering, and Life Sciences

PRIMARY SIC:
3845 - Electromedical Equipment
SECONDARY SIC:
3845 - Electromedical Equipment
8731 - Commercial Physical Research
COMPETITORS:

     ·    Baxter International Inc
     ·    Stryker Corporation
     ·    Integra Lifesciences Holdings Corp


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: December 31, 2016

MOST RECENT EXCHANGE RATE:  1.0
CHART OF ACCOUNTS:  Industry
ACCOUNTING STANDARD:  U.S. GAAP
LATEST AVAILABLE ANNUAL:  20170227

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS ('000 USD)
                                    12/31/2016      12/31/2015      12/31/2014
Cash & Equivalents                      30,014          25,910           8,216
Cash and Short Term                     30,014          25,910           8,216
Investments
Accounts Receivable - Trade,             8,052           4,783           2,872
Net
Total Receivables, Net                   8,052           4,783           2,872
Total Inventory                          5,459           3,934           3,214
Prepaid Expenses                           512             425             109
Total Current Assets                    44,037          35,051          14,411
Property/Plant/Equipment,                1,494             971             619
Total - Net
Intangibles, Net                           829             678             577
Total Assets                            46,360          36,700          16,401



LIABILITIES ('000 USD)
                                    12/31/2016      12/31/2015      12/31/2014
Accounts Payable                         7,002           2,091           1,161
Customer Advances                           33              14              14
Other Current liabilities,                  33              14              14
Total
Total Current Liabilities               11,081           3,709           2,445
Long Term Debt                          20,266          24,702          25,086
Total Long Term Debt                    20,266          24,702          25,086
Total Debt                              24,312          24,702          25,086
Other Long Term Liabilities                 92              94             115
Other Liabilities, Total                    92              94             115
Total Liabilities                       31,439          28,505          27,646



EQUITY ('000 USD)
                                    12/31/2016      12/31/2015      12/31/2014
Common Stock                               330             300             195
Common Stock, Total                        330             300             195
Additional Paid-In Capital             132,475         111,368          78,676
Retained Earnings (Accumulated       (117,884)       (103,473)        (90,116)
Deficit)
Total Equity                            14,921           8,196        (11,246)
Total Liabilities &                     46,360          36,700          16,401
Shareholders' Equity
Shares Outs - Common Stock              33,009          29,985          19,489
Primary Issue
Total Common Shares                     33,009          29,985          19,489
Outstanding



FOOTNOTE
                                    12/31/2016      12/31/2015      12/31/2014
Deferred Revenue - Current                  33              14              14
Deferred Revenue - Long Term                92              94             115



RATIOS
                                    12/31/2016      12/31/2015      12/31/2014
Total Current Assets less               38,578          31,117          11,197
Inventory('000 USD)
Quick Ratio                                  3               8               5
Current Ratio                                4               9               6
Net Debt Incl. Pref.Stock &            (5,703)         (1,208)          16,870
Min.Interest('000 USD)
Tangible Book Value, Common             14,092           7,518        (11,823)
Equity('000 USD)
Tangible Book Value per Share,               0               0              -1
Common Eq (USD)

* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


('000 USD)
                                    12/31/2016      12/31/2015      12/31/2014
Net Sales                               41,108          27,331          16,817
Revenue                                 41,108          27,331          16,817
Total Revenue                           41,108          27,331          16,817
Cost of Revenue                          6,467           4,848           3,442
Cost of Revenue, Total                   6,467           4,848           3,442
Gross Profit                            34,640          22,483          13,375
Selling/General/Administrative          38,558          27,955          19,806
Expense
Selling/General/Admin.                  38,558          27,986          19,814
Expenses, Total
Research & Development                   4,212           3,237           3,033
Total Operating Expense                 49,237          36,598          26,618
Operating Income                       (8,130)         (9,267)         (9,801)
Interest Expense -                     (6,262)         (4,117)         (7,913)
Non-Operating
Interest Expense, Net                  (6,262)         (4,117)         (7,913)
Non-Operating
Interest                               (6,262)         (4,117)         (7,913)
Inc.(Exp.),Net-Non-Op., Total
Other Non-Operating Income                (20)              27               3
(Expense)
Other, Net                                (20)              27               3
Net Income Before Taxes               (14,411)        (13,356)        (17,710)
Net Income After Taxes                (14,411)        (13,356)        (17,710)
Net Income Before Extra. Items        (14,411)        (13,356)        (17,710)
Income Available to Com Excl          (14,411)        (13,356)        (17,710)
ExtraOrd
Basic Weighted Average Shares           30,702          26,076          17,722
Basic EPS Excluding                          0             (1)             (1)
Extraordinary Items
Diluted Weighted Average                30,702          26,076          17,722
Shares
Diluted EPS Excluding ExtraOrd               0             (1)             (1)
Items



EXTRAORDINARY ('000 USD)
                                    12/31/2016      12/31/2015      12/31/2014
Net Income                            (14,411)        (13,356)        (17,710)
Income Available to Com Incl          (14,411)        (13,356)        (17,710)
ExtraOrd



NORMALIZED ('000 USD)
                                    12/31/2016      12/31/2015      12/31/2014
Normalized Income Before Taxes        (14,411)        (13,356)        (17,710)
Normalized Income After Taxes         (14,411)        (13,356)        (17,710)
Normalized Inc. Avail to Com.         (14,411)        (13,356)        (17,710)
Basic Normalized EPS                         0             (1)             (1)
Diluted Normalized EPS                       0             (1)             (1)



RATIOS
                                    12/31/2016      12/31/2015      12/31/2014
Gross Margin                                84              82              80
Operating Margin                           -20             -34             -58
Pretax Margin                              -35             -49            -105
Net Profit Margin                          -35             -49            -105
Normalized EBIT('000 USD)              (8,130)         (9,267)         (9,801)
Normalized EBITDA('000 USD)            (7,693)         (9,018)         (9,602)



SUPPLEMENTAL ('000 USD)
                                    12/31/2016      12/31/2015      12/31/2014
Basic EPS Including                          0             (1)             (1)
Extraordinary Items
Diluted Net Income                        (14)            (13)            (18)
Diluted EPS Including ExtraOrd               0             (1)             (1)
Items



FOOTNOTE
                                    12/31/2016      12/31/2015      12/31/2014
Interest Expense, Supplemental           6,262           4,117           7,913
Depreciation, Supplemental                 362             203             154
Amort of Intangibles,                       75              46              45
Supplemental
Research & Development Exp,              4,212           3,237           3,033
Supplemental

* * * * * * * * * * CASHFLOW STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


('000 USD)
                                    12/31/2016      12/31/2015      12/31/2014
Net Income/Starting Line              (14,411)        (13,356)        (17,710)
Depreciation                               362             203             154
Depreciation/Depletion                     362             203             154
Amortization of Intangibles                 75              46              45
Amortization                                75              46              45
Other Non-Cash Items                     3,519           2,031           6,273
Non-Cash Items                           4,270           2,031           7,175
Accounts Receivable                    (3,349)         (2,036)         (1,014)
Inventories                            (1,525)           (720)             185
Prepaid Expenses                          (87)           (316)             187
Payable/Accrued                          3,444           1,118             498
Other Liabilities                           18            (22)              30
Changes in Working Capital             (1,499)         (1,976)           (114)
Cash from Operating Activities        (11,204)        (13,052)        (10,451)
Purchase of Fixed Assets                 (964)           (409)           (542)
Purchase/Acquisition of                  (226)           (147)            (52)
Intangibles
Capital Expenditures                   (1,190)           (556)           (594)
Cash from Investing Activities         (1,190)           (556)           (594)
Other Financing Cash Flow                (801)           (180)           (820)
Financing Cash Flow Items                (801)           (180)           (820)
Sale/Issuance of Common                 18,668          30,968           1,626
Common Stock, Net                       18,668          30,968           1,626
Options Exercised                        1,078             513             136
Issuance (Retirement) of                19,746          31,481           1,762
Stock, Net
Cash from Financing Activities          16,499          31,301           (809)
Net Change in Cash                       4,105          17,694        (11,854)
Net Cash - Beginning Balance            25,910           8,216          20,070
Net Cash - Ending Balance               30,014          25,910           8,216
Cash Interest Paid                       5,769           3,526           3,912

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY SPECIFIC:


Balance Sheet
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                          44,037
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         44,037
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                            46,360
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           46,360
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             41,530
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                          14,921
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         14,921
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                          8,196
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           14,092
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           14,092
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          30,014
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                          30,014
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            5,459
Inventory - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                5,459
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                           11,081
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                         11,081
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                             31,439
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                           31,439
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                          20,266
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         20,266
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          8,052
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              8,052
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                             14,921
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                           14,921
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          24,312
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              24,312
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                             436
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                            125
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                              436
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                      (12,394)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         (1,842)
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          (12,394)
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                         (365)
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        33
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                    106
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .99
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                          1.19
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                          .99
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                               1.38
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                   1.41
(annualized)
Inventory turnover - trailing 12 month                                     1.38
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                             6.41
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 6.08
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   6.41
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    3.97
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        3.97
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            9.45
Interest coverage - most recent fiscal year                               -1.30
Interest coverage - most recent quarter                                    -.93
Interest coverage - prior trailing 12 month                               -2.25
Interest coverage - trailing 12 month                                     -1.30
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  43.71
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      43.71
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                 135.82
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                     135.82
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                         301.40
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                           51.66
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                               51.66
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                      3.48
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                          3.48
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                              8.39
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         52.44
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             52.44
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             61.97
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            61.97
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                        162.93
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                            162.93
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                         301.40
year ago
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              1.00
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              1.00
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                         -2.23
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                 -2.23
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                 -2.23
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                       26.32
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                   26.32
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                  -3.81
Capital Spending growth rate, 5 year                                      67.78
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            -43.37
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                            -125.97
EPS Change % - year over year                                              8.36
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                                10.28
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          81.56
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                           55.43
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         -55.81
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                     -144.08
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                  -7.90
Net Income Change % - year over year                                      -7.90
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         46.10
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                           1.82
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            50.41
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          50.41
Revenue growth rate, 10 year                                              78.24
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                               53.34
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                                 .41
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                         18.18
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                         6,467
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                             1,830
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          6,467
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                         (14,411)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                        (5,627)
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                        (14,411)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                         (14,411)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                        (14,411)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                       (5,627)
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                        (14,411)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                         (14,411)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                               (8,130)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                   (2,719)
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                     (8,130)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              (7,693)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                           (9,018)
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  (2,594)
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (7,693)
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                          6,262
USD)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         2,911
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           6,262
Net Income available to common - most recent                           (14,411)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                            (5,627)
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                           (14,411)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                      (14,411)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                        (14,411)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                        (14,411)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                            4,212
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                            1,179
quarter ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - prior trailing                         3,237
12 month ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - trailing 12                            4,212
month ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             41,108
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 11,409
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             27,331
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                   41,108
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                       (14,411)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                       (14,411)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                 (465)
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                           (14,411)
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                -53.24
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                            -34.70
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                           -58.52
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                             -50.31
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                             -34.70
Return on average equity - 5 year average                             -1,461.12
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                           -124.68
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                          -281.69
(annualized)
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                            -124.68
Return on investment - 5 year average                                    -60.84
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                           -42.22
Return on investment - most recent quarter                               -73.45
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                 -42.22
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                                 452
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                                 452
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                               427
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                               427
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                               39
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                                39
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                              13
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                             (455)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                         (503)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                              (73)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                 (678)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                            (169)
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                         (474)
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                            (503)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                            (455)
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                              909
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             909
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            (251)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            (469)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            (173)
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                           (518)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                 (465)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           (469)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           (173)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                 (518)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (465)
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           (469)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           (173)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                 (518)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (465)
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                            (469)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                           (404)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                             (522)
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                           (86)
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (224)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                             (57)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                         (579)
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                              (404)
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                               614
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              614
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                             1,339
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                          1,405
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                    350
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              1,339
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                   23.56
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                       23.56
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                           18.29
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                   8.52
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                       7.66
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                   5.48
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         8.52
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                 24.86
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                              24.86
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                  19.91
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                              19.91
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                             21.08
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                             21.08
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                            -41.17
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                   -18.72
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                         -18.72
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 84.27
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 82.26
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             81.56
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        83.96
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          84.27
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                       -66.85
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                         -35.06
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                         -48.87
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                -49.32
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                            -48.87
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                  -35.06
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                            -19.78
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                            -33.91
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                        -42.92
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                   -23.84
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                     -19.78
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                               -35.06
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                               -48.87
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                           -67.56
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                      -49.32
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                        -35.06
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                            93.80
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                           97.47
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                             92.38
Float                                                                     31.55
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                        350,365
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             26.06
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            30.70
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          30.70
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         32.57
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          33.01
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              33.01
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                            29.98
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                              32.90
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         26.06
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            30.70
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           30.70
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           32.57
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            95.91



Cash Flow
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                          44,037
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         44,037
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                            46,360
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           46,360
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             41,530
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                          14,921
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         14,921
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                          8,196
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           14,092
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           14,092
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          30,014
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                          30,014
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            5,459
Inventory - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                5,459
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                           11,081
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                         11,081
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                             31,439
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                           31,439
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                          20,266
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         20,266
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          8,052
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              8,052
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                             14,921
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                           14,921
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          24,312
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              24,312
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                             436
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                            125
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                              436
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                      (12,394)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         (1,842)
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          (12,394)
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                         (365)
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        33
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                    106
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .99
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                          1.19
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                          .99
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                               1.38
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                   1.41
(annualized)
Inventory turnover - trailing 12 month                                     1.38
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                             6.41
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 6.08
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   6.41
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    3.97
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        3.97
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            9.45
Interest coverage - most recent fiscal year                               -1.30
Interest coverage - most recent quarter                                    -.93
Interest coverage - prior trailing 12 month                               -2.25
Interest coverage - trailing 12 month                                     -1.30
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  43.71
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      43.71
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                 135.82
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                     135.82
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                         301.40
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                           51.66
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                               51.66
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                      3.48
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                          3.48
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                              8.39
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         52.44
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             52.44
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             61.97
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            61.97
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                        162.93
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                            162.93
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                         301.40
year ago
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              1.00
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              1.00
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                         -2.23
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                 -2.23
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                 -2.23
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                       26.32
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                   26.32
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                  -3.81
Capital Spending growth rate, 5 year                                      67.78
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            -43.37
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                            -125.97
EPS Change % - year over year                                              8.36
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                                10.28
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          81.56
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                           55.43
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         -55.81
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                     -144.08
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                  -7.90
Net Income Change % - year over year                                      -7.90
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         46.10
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                           1.82
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            50.41
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          50.41
Revenue growth rate, 10 year                                              78.24
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                               53.34
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                                 .41
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                         18.18
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                         6,467
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                             1,830
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          6,467
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                         (14,411)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                        (5,627)
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                        (14,411)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                         (14,411)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                        (14,411)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                       (5,627)
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                        (14,411)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                         (14,411)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                               (8,130)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                   (2,719)
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                     (8,130)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              (7,693)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                           (9,018)
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  (2,594)
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (7,693)
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                          6,262
USD)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         2,911
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           6,262
Net Income available to common - most recent                           (14,411)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                            (5,627)
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                           (14,411)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                      (14,411)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                        (14,411)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                        (14,411)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                            4,212
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                            1,179
quarter ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - prior trailing                         3,237
12 month ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - trailing 12                            4,212
month ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             41,108
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 11,409
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             27,331
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                   41,108
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                       (14,411)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                       (14,411)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                 (465)
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                           (14,411)
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                -53.24
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                            -34.70
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                           -58.52
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                             -50.31
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                             -34.70
Return on average equity - 5 year average                             -1,461.12
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                           -124.68
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                          -281.69
(annualized)
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                            -124.68
Return on investment - 5 year average                                    -60.84
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                           -42.22
Return on investment - most recent quarter                               -73.45
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                 -42.22
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                                 452
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                                 452
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                               427
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                               427
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                               39
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                                39
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                              13
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                             (455)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                         (503)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                              (73)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                 (678)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                            (169)
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                         (474)
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                            (503)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                            (455)
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                              909
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             909
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            (251)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            (469)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            (173)
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                           (518)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                 (465)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           (469)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           (173)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                 (518)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (465)
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           (469)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           (173)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                 (518)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (465)
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                            (469)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                           (404)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                             (522)
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                           (86)
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (224)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                             (57)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                         (579)
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                              (404)
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                               614
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              614
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                             1,339
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                          1,405
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                    350
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              1,339
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                   23.56
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                       23.56
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                           18.29
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                   8.52
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                       7.66
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                   5.48
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         8.52
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                 24.86
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                              24.86
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                  19.91
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                              19.91
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                             21.08
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                             21.08
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                            -41.17
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                   -18.72
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                         -18.72
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 84.27
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 82.26
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             81.56
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        83.96
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          84.27
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                       -66.85
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                         -35.06
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                         -48.87
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                -49.32
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                            -48.87
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                  -35.06
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                            -19.78
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                            -33.91
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                        -42.92
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                   -23.84
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                     -19.78
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                               -35.06
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                               -48.87
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                           -67.56
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                      -49.32
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                        -35.06
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                            93.80
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                           97.47
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                             92.38
Float                                                                     31.55
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                        350,365
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             26.06
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            30.70
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          30.70
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         32.57
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          33.01
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              33.01
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                            29.98
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                              32.90
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         26.06
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            30.70
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           30.70
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           32.57
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            95.91



Descriptive
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                          44,037
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         44,037
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                            46,360
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           46,360
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             41,530
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                          14,921
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         14,921
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                          8,196
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           14,092
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           14,092
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          30,014
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                          30,014
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            5,459
Inventory - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                5,459
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                           11,081
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                         11,081
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                             31,439
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                           31,439
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                          20,266
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         20,266
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          8,052
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              8,052
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                             14,921
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                           14,921
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          24,312
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              24,312
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                             436
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                            125
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                              436
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                      (12,394)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         (1,842)
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          (12,394)
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                         (365)
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        33
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                    106
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .99
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                          1.19
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                          .99
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                               1.38
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                   1.41
(annualized)
Inventory turnover - trailing 12 month                                     1.38
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                             6.41
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 6.08
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   6.41
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    3.97
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        3.97
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            9.45
Interest coverage - most recent fiscal year                               -1.30
Interest coverage - most recent quarter                                    -.93
Interest coverage - prior trailing 12 month                               -2.25
Interest coverage - trailing 12 month                                     -1.30
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  43.71
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      43.71
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                 135.82
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                     135.82
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                         301.40
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                           51.66
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                               51.66
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                      3.48
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                          3.48
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                              8.39
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         52.44
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             52.44
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             61.97
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            61.97
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                        162.93
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                            162.93
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                         301.40
year ago
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              1.00
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              1.00
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                         -2.23
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                 -2.23
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                 -2.23
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                       26.32
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                   26.32
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                  -3.81
Capital Spending growth rate, 5 year                                      67.78
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            -43.37
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                            -125.97
EPS Change % - year over year                                              8.36
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                                10.28
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          81.56
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                           55.43
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         -55.81
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                     -144.08
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                  -7.90
Net Income Change % - year over year                                      -7.90
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         46.10
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                           1.82
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            50.41
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          50.41
Revenue growth rate, 10 year                                              78.24
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                               53.34
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                                 .41
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                         18.18
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                         6,467
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                             1,830
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          6,467
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                         (14,411)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                        (5,627)
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                        (14,411)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                         (14,411)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                        (14,411)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                       (5,627)
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                        (14,411)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                         (14,411)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                               (8,130)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                   (2,719)
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                     (8,130)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              (7,693)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                           (9,018)
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  (2,594)
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (7,693)
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                          6,262
USD)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         2,911
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           6,262
Net Income available to common - most recent                           (14,411)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                            (5,627)
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                           (14,411)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                      (14,411)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                        (14,411)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                        (14,411)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                            4,212
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                            1,179
quarter ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - prior trailing                         3,237
12 month ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - trailing 12                            4,212
month ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             41,108
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 11,409
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             27,331
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                   41,108
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                       (14,411)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                       (14,411)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                 (465)
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                           (14,411)
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                -53.24
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                            -34.70
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                           -58.52
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                             -50.31
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                             -34.70
Return on average equity - 5 year average                             -1,461.12
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                           -124.68
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                          -281.69
(annualized)
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                            -124.68
Return on investment - 5 year average                                    -60.84
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                           -42.22
Return on investment - most recent quarter                               -73.45
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                 -42.22
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                                 452
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                                 452
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                               427
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                               427
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                               39
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                                39
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                              13
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                             (455)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                         (503)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                              (73)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                 (678)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                            (169)
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                         (474)
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                            (503)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                            (455)
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                              909
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             909
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            (251)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            (469)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            (173)
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                           (518)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                 (465)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           (469)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           (173)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                 (518)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (465)
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           (469)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           (173)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                 (518)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (465)
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                            (469)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                           (404)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                             (522)
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                           (86)
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (224)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                             (57)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                         (579)
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                              (404)
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                               614
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              614
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                             1,339
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                          1,405
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                    350
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              1,339
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                   23.56
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                       23.56
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                           18.29
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                   8.52
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                       7.66
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                   5.48
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         8.52
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                 24.86
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                              24.86
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                  19.91
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                              19.91
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                             21.08
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                             21.08
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                            -41.17
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                   -18.72
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                         -18.72
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 84.27
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 82.26
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             81.56
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        83.96
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          84.27
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                       -66.85
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                         -35.06
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                         -48.87
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                -49.32
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                            -48.87
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                  -35.06
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                            -19.78
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                            -33.91
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                        -42.92
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                   -23.84
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                     -19.78
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                               -35.06
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                               -48.87
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                           -67.56
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                      -49.32
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                        -35.06
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                            93.80
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                           97.47
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                             92.38
Float                                                                     31.55
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                        350,365
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             26.06
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            30.70
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          30.70
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         32.57
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          33.01
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              33.01
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                            29.98
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                              32.90
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         26.06
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            30.70
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           30.70
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           32.57
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            95.91



Efficiency Ratios
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                          44,037
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         44,037
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                            46,360
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           46,360
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             41,530
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                          14,921
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         14,921
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                          8,196
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           14,092
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           14,092
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          30,014
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                          30,014
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            5,459
Inventory - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                5,459
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                           11,081
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                         11,081
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                             31,439
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                           31,439
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                          20,266
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         20,266
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          8,052
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              8,052
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                             14,921
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                           14,921
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          24,312
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              24,312
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                             436
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                            125
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                              436
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                      (12,394)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         (1,842)
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          (12,394)
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                         (365)
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        33
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                    106
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .99
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                          1.19
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                          .99
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                               1.38
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                   1.41
(annualized)
Inventory turnover - trailing 12 month                                     1.38
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                             6.41
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 6.08
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   6.41
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    3.97
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        3.97
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            9.45
Interest coverage - most recent fiscal year                               -1.30
Interest coverage - most recent quarter                                    -.93
Interest coverage - prior trailing 12 month                               -2.25
Interest coverage - trailing 12 month                                     -1.30
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  43.71
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      43.71
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                 135.82
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                     135.82
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                         301.40
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                           51.66
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                               51.66
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                      3.48
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                          3.48
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                              8.39
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         52.44
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             52.44
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             61.97
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            61.97
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                        162.93
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                            162.93
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                         301.40
year ago
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              1.00
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              1.00
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                         -2.23
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                 -2.23
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                 -2.23
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                       26.32
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                   26.32
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                  -3.81
Capital Spending growth rate, 5 year                                      67.78
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            -43.37
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                            -125.97
EPS Change % - year over year                                              8.36
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                                10.28
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          81.56
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                           55.43
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         -55.81
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                     -144.08
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                  -7.90
Net Income Change % - year over year                                      -7.90
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         46.10
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                           1.82
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            50.41
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          50.41
Revenue growth rate, 10 year                                              78.24
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                               53.34
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                                 .41
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                         18.18
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                         6,467
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                             1,830
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          6,467
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                         (14,411)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                        (5,627)
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                        (14,411)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                         (14,411)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                        (14,411)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                       (5,627)
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                        (14,411)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                         (14,411)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                               (8,130)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                   (2,719)
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                     (8,130)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              (7,693)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                           (9,018)
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  (2,594)
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (7,693)
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                          6,262
USD)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         2,911
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           6,262
Net Income available to common - most recent                           (14,411)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                            (5,627)
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                           (14,411)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                      (14,411)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                        (14,411)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                        (14,411)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                            4,212
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                            1,179
quarter ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - prior trailing                         3,237
12 month ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - trailing 12                            4,212
month ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             41,108
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 11,409
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             27,331
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                   41,108
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                       (14,411)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                       (14,411)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                 (465)
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                           (14,411)
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                -53.24
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                            -34.70
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                           -58.52
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                             -50.31
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                             -34.70
Return on average equity - 5 year average                             -1,461.12
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                           -124.68
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                          -281.69
(annualized)
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                            -124.68
Return on investment - 5 year average                                    -60.84
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                           -42.22
Return on investment - most recent quarter                               -73.45
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                 -42.22
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                                 452
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                                 452
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                               427
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                               427
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                               39
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                                39
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                              13
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                             (455)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                         (503)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                              (73)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                 (678)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                            (169)
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                         (474)
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                            (503)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                            (455)
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                              909
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             909
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            (251)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            (469)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            (173)
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                           (518)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                 (465)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           (469)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           (173)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                 (518)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (465)
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           (469)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           (173)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                 (518)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (465)
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                            (469)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                           (404)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                             (522)
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                           (86)
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (224)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                             (57)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                         (579)
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                              (404)
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                               614
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              614
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                             1,339
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                          1,405
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                    350
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              1,339
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                   23.56
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                       23.56
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                           18.29
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                   8.52
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                       7.66
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                   5.48
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         8.52
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                 24.86
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                              24.86
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                  19.91
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                              19.91
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                             21.08
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                             21.08
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                            -41.17
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                   -18.72
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                         -18.72
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 84.27
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 82.26
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             81.56
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        83.96
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          84.27
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                       -66.85
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                         -35.06
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                         -48.87
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                -49.32
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                            -48.87
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                  -35.06
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                            -19.78
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                            -33.91
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                        -42.92
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                   -23.84
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                     -19.78
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                               -35.06
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                               -48.87
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                           -67.56
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                      -49.32
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                        -35.06
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                            93.80
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                           97.47
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                             92.38
Float                                                                     31.55
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                        350,365
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             26.06
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            30.70
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          30.70
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         32.57
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          33.01
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              33.01
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                            29.98
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                              32.90
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         26.06
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            30.70
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           30.70
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           32.57
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            95.91



Financial Strength
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                          44,037
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         44,037
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                            46,360
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           46,360
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             41,530
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                          14,921
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         14,921
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                          8,196
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           14,092
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           14,092
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          30,014
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                          30,014
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            5,459
Inventory - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                5,459
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                           11,081
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                         11,081
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                             31,439
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                           31,439
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                          20,266
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         20,266
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          8,052
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              8,052
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                             14,921
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                           14,921
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          24,312
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              24,312
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                             436
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                            125
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                              436
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                      (12,394)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         (1,842)
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          (12,394)
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                         (365)
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        33
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                    106
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .99
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                          1.19
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                          .99
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                               1.38
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                   1.41
(annualized)
Inventory turnover - trailing 12 month                                     1.38
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                             6.41
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 6.08
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   6.41
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    3.97
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        3.97
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            9.45
Interest coverage - most recent fiscal year                               -1.30
Interest coverage - most recent quarter                                    -.93
Interest coverage - prior trailing 12 month                               -2.25
Interest coverage - trailing 12 month                                     -1.30
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  43.71
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      43.71
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                 135.82
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                     135.82
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                         301.40
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                           51.66
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                               51.66
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                      3.48
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                          3.48
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                              8.39
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         52.44
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             52.44
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             61.97
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            61.97
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                        162.93
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                            162.93
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                         301.40
year ago
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              1.00
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              1.00
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                         -2.23
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                 -2.23
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                 -2.23
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                       26.32
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                   26.32
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                  -3.81
Capital Spending growth rate, 5 year                                      67.78
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            -43.37
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                            -125.97
EPS Change % - year over year                                              8.36
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                                10.28
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          81.56
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                           55.43
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         -55.81
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                     -144.08
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                  -7.90
Net Income Change % - year over year                                      -7.90
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         46.10
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                           1.82
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            50.41
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          50.41
Revenue growth rate, 10 year                                              78.24
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                               53.34
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                                 .41
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                         18.18
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                         6,467
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                             1,830
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          6,467
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                         (14,411)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                        (5,627)
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                        (14,411)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                         (14,411)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                        (14,411)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                       (5,627)
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                        (14,411)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                         (14,411)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                               (8,130)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                   (2,719)
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                     (8,130)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              (7,693)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                           (9,018)
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  (2,594)
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (7,693)
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                          6,262
USD)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         2,911
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           6,262
Net Income available to common - most recent                           (14,411)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                            (5,627)
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                           (14,411)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                      (14,411)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                        (14,411)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                        (14,411)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                            4,212
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                            1,179
quarter ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - prior trailing                         3,237
12 month ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - trailing 12                            4,212
month ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             41,108
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 11,409
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             27,331
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                   41,108
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                       (14,411)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                       (14,411)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                 (465)
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                           (14,411)
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                -53.24
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                            -34.70
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                           -58.52
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                             -50.31
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                             -34.70
Return on average equity - 5 year average                             -1,461.12
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                           -124.68
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                          -281.69
(annualized)
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                            -124.68
Return on investment - 5 year average                                    -60.84
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                           -42.22
Return on investment - most recent quarter                               -73.45
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                 -42.22
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                                 452
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                                 452
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                               427
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                               427
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                               39
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                                39
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                              13
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                             (455)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                         (503)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                              (73)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                 (678)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                            (169)
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                         (474)
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                            (503)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                            (455)
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                              909
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             909
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            (251)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            (469)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            (173)
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                           (518)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                 (465)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           (469)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           (173)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                 (518)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (465)
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           (469)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           (173)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                 (518)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (465)
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                            (469)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                           (404)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                             (522)
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                           (86)
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (224)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                             (57)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                         (579)
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                              (404)
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                               614
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              614
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                             1,339
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                          1,405
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                    350
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              1,339
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                   23.56
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                       23.56
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                           18.29
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                   8.52
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                       7.66
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                   5.48
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         8.52
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                 24.86
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                              24.86
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                  19.91
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                              19.91
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                             21.08
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                             21.08
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                            -41.17
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                   -18.72
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                         -18.72
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 84.27
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 82.26
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             81.56
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        83.96
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          84.27
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                       -66.85
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                         -35.06
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                         -48.87
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                -49.32
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                            -48.87
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                  -35.06
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                            -19.78
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                            -33.91
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                        -42.92
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                   -23.84
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                     -19.78
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                               -35.06
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                               -48.87
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                           -67.56
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                      -49.32
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                        -35.06
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                            93.80
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                           97.47
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                             92.38
Float                                                                     31.55
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                        350,365
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             26.06
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            30.70
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          30.70
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         32.57
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          33.01
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              33.01
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                            29.98
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                              32.90
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         26.06
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            30.70
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           30.70
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           32.57
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            95.91



Growth Rates
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                          44,037
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         44,037
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                            46,360
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           46,360
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             41,530
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                          14,921
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         14,921
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                          8,196
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           14,092
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           14,092
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          30,014
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                          30,014
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            5,459
Inventory - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                5,459
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                           11,081
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                         11,081
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                             31,439
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                           31,439
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                          20,266
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         20,266
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          8,052
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              8,052
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                             14,921
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                           14,921
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          24,312
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              24,312
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                             436
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                            125
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                              436
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                      (12,394)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         (1,842)
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          (12,394)
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                         (365)
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        33
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                    106
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .99
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                          1.19
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                          .99
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                               1.38
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                   1.41
(annualized)
Inventory turnover - trailing 12 month                                     1.38
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                             6.41
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 6.08
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   6.41
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    3.97
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        3.97
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            9.45
Interest coverage - most recent fiscal year                               -1.30
Interest coverage - most recent quarter                                    -.93
Interest coverage - prior trailing 12 month                               -2.25
Interest coverage - trailing 12 month                                     -1.30
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  43.71
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      43.71
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                 135.82
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                     135.82
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                         301.40
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                           51.66
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                               51.66
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                      3.48
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                          3.48
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                              8.39
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         52.44
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             52.44
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             61.97
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            61.97
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                        162.93
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                            162.93
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                         301.40
year ago
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              1.00
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              1.00
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                         -2.23
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                 -2.23
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                 -2.23
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                       26.32
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                   26.32
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                  -3.81
Capital Spending growth rate, 5 year                                      67.78
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            -43.37
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                            -125.97
EPS Change % - year over year                                              8.36
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                                10.28
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          81.56
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                           55.43
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         -55.81
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                     -144.08
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                  -7.90
Net Income Change % - year over year                                      -7.90
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         46.10
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                           1.82
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            50.41
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          50.41
Revenue growth rate, 10 year                                              78.24
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                               53.34
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                                 .41
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                         18.18
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                         6,467
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                             1,830
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          6,467
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                         (14,411)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                        (5,627)
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                        (14,411)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                         (14,411)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                        (14,411)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                       (5,627)
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                        (14,411)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                         (14,411)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                               (8,130)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                   (2,719)
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                     (8,130)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              (7,693)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                           (9,018)
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  (2,594)
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (7,693)
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                          6,262
USD)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         2,911
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           6,262
Net Income available to common - most recent                           (14,411)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                            (5,627)
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                           (14,411)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                      (14,411)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                        (14,411)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                        (14,411)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                            4,212
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                            1,179
quarter ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - prior trailing                         3,237
12 month ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - trailing 12                            4,212
month ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             41,108
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 11,409
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             27,331
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                   41,108
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                       (14,411)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                       (14,411)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                 (465)
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                           (14,411)
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                -53.24
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                            -34.70
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                           -58.52
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                             -50.31
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                             -34.70
Return on average equity - 5 year average                             -1,461.12
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                           -124.68
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                          -281.69
(annualized)
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                            -124.68
Return on investment - 5 year average                                    -60.84
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                           -42.22
Return on investment - most recent quarter                               -73.45
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                 -42.22
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                                 452
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                                 452
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                               427
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                               427
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                               39
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                                39
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                              13
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                             (455)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                         (503)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                              (73)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                 (678)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                            (169)
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                         (474)
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                            (503)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                            (455)
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                              909
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             909
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            (251)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            (469)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            (173)
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                           (518)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                 (465)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           (469)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           (173)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                 (518)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (465)
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           (469)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           (173)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                 (518)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (465)
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                            (469)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                           (404)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                             (522)
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                           (86)
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (224)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                             (57)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                         (579)
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                              (404)
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                               614
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              614
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                             1,339
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                          1,405
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                    350
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              1,339
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                   23.56
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                       23.56
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                           18.29
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                   8.52
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                       7.66
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                   5.48
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         8.52
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                 24.86
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                              24.86
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                  19.91
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                              19.91
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                             21.08
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                             21.08
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                            -41.17
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                   -18.72
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                         -18.72
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 84.27
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 82.26
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             81.56
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        83.96
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          84.27
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                       -66.85
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                         -35.06
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                         -48.87
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                -49.32
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                            -48.87
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                  -35.06
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                            -19.78
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                            -33.91
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                        -42.92
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                   -23.84
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                     -19.78
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                               -35.06
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                               -48.87
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                           -67.56
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                      -49.32
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                        -35.06
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                            93.80
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                           97.47
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                             92.38
Float                                                                     31.55
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                        350,365
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             26.06
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            30.70
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          30.70
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         32.57
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          33.01
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              33.01
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                            29.98
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                              32.90
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         26.06
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            30.70
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           30.70
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           32.57
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            95.91



Income Statement
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                          44,037
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         44,037
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                            46,360
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           46,360
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             41,530
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                          14,921
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         14,921
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                          8,196
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           14,092
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           14,092
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          30,014
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                          30,014
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            5,459
Inventory - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                5,459
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                           11,081
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                         11,081
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                             31,439
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                           31,439
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                          20,266
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         20,266
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          8,052
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              8,052
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                             14,921
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                           14,921
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          24,312
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              24,312
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                             436
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                            125
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                              436
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                      (12,394)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         (1,842)
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          (12,394)
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                         (365)
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        33
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                    106
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .99
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                          1.19
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                          .99
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                               1.38
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                   1.41
(annualized)
Inventory turnover - trailing 12 month                                     1.38
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                             6.41
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 6.08
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   6.41
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    3.97
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        3.97
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            9.45
Interest coverage - most recent fiscal year                               -1.30
Interest coverage - most recent quarter                                    -.93
Interest coverage - prior trailing 12 month                               -2.25
Interest coverage - trailing 12 month                                     -1.30
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  43.71
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      43.71
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                 135.82
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                     135.82
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                         301.40
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                           51.66
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                               51.66
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                      3.48
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                          3.48
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                              8.39
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         52.44
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             52.44
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             61.97
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            61.97
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                        162.93
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                            162.93
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                         301.40
year ago
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              1.00
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              1.00
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                         -2.23
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                 -2.23
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                 -2.23
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                       26.32
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                   26.32
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                  -3.81
Capital Spending growth rate, 5 year                                      67.78
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            -43.37
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                            -125.97
EPS Change % - year over year                                              8.36
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                                10.28
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          81.56
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                           55.43
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         -55.81
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                     -144.08
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                  -7.90
Net Income Change % - year over year                                      -7.90
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         46.10
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                           1.82
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            50.41
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          50.41
Revenue growth rate, 10 year                                              78.24
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                               53.34
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                                 .41
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                         18.18
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                         6,467
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                             1,830
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          6,467
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                         (14,411)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                        (5,627)
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                        (14,411)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                         (14,411)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                        (14,411)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                       (5,627)
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                        (14,411)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                         (14,411)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                               (8,130)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                   (2,719)
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                     (8,130)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              (7,693)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                           (9,018)
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  (2,594)
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (7,693)
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                          6,262
USD)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         2,911
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           6,262
Net Income available to common - most recent                           (14,411)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                            (5,627)
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                           (14,411)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                      (14,411)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                        (14,411)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                        (14,411)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                            4,212
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                            1,179
quarter ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - prior trailing                         3,237
12 month ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - trailing 12                            4,212
month ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             41,108
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 11,409
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             27,331
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                   41,108
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                       (14,411)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                       (14,411)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                 (465)
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                           (14,411)
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                -53.24
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                            -34.70
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                           -58.52
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                             -50.31
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                             -34.70
Return on average equity - 5 year average                             -1,461.12
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                           -124.68
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                          -281.69
(annualized)
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                            -124.68
Return on investment - 5 year average                                    -60.84
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                           -42.22
Return on investment - most recent quarter                               -73.45
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                 -42.22
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                                 452
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                                 452
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                               427
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                               427
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                               39
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                                39
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                              13
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                             (455)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                         (503)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                              (73)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                 (678)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                            (169)
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                         (474)
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                            (503)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                            (455)
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                              909
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             909
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            (251)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            (469)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            (173)
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                           (518)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                 (465)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           (469)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           (173)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                 (518)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (465)
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           (469)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           (173)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                 (518)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (465)
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                            (469)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                           (404)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                             (522)
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                           (86)
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (224)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                             (57)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                         (579)
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                              (404)
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                               614
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              614
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                             1,339
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                          1,405
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                    350
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              1,339
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                   23.56
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                       23.56
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                           18.29
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                   8.52
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                       7.66
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                   5.48
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         8.52
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                 24.86
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                              24.86
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                  19.91
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                              19.91
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                             21.08
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                             21.08
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                            -41.17
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                   -18.72
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                         -18.72
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 84.27
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 82.26
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             81.56
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        83.96
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          84.27
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                       -66.85
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                         -35.06
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                         -48.87
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                -49.32
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                            -48.87
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                  -35.06
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                            -19.78
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                            -33.91
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                        -42.92
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                   -23.84
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                     -19.78
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                               -35.06
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                               -48.87
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                           -67.56
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                      -49.32
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                        -35.06
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                            93.80
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                           97.47
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                             92.38
Float                                                                     31.55
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                        350,365
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             26.06
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            30.70
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          30.70
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         32.57
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          33.01
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              33.01
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                            29.98
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                              32.90
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         26.06
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            30.70
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           30.70
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           32.57
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            95.91



Management Effectiveness
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                          44,037
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         44,037
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                            46,360
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           46,360
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             41,530
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                          14,921
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         14,921
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                          8,196
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           14,092
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           14,092
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          30,014
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                          30,014
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            5,459
Inventory - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                5,459
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                           11,081
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                         11,081
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                             31,439
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                           31,439
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                          20,266
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         20,266
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          8,052
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              8,052
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                             14,921
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                           14,921
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          24,312
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              24,312
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                             436
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                            125
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                              436
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                      (12,394)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         (1,842)
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          (12,394)
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                         (365)
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        33
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                    106
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .99
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                          1.19
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                          .99
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                               1.38
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                   1.41
(annualized)
Inventory turnover - trailing 12 month                                     1.38
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                             6.41
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 6.08
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   6.41
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    3.97
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        3.97
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            9.45
Interest coverage - most recent fiscal year                               -1.30
Interest coverage - most recent quarter                                    -.93
Interest coverage - prior trailing 12 month                               -2.25
Interest coverage - trailing 12 month                                     -1.30
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  43.71
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      43.71
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                 135.82
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                     135.82
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                         301.40
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                           51.66
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                               51.66
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                      3.48
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                          3.48
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                              8.39
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         52.44
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             52.44
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             61.97
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            61.97
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                        162.93
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                            162.93
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                         301.40
year ago
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              1.00
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              1.00
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                         -2.23
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                 -2.23
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                 -2.23
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                       26.32
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                   26.32
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                  -3.81
Capital Spending growth rate, 5 year                                      67.78
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            -43.37
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                            -125.97
EPS Change % - year over year                                              8.36
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                                10.28
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          81.56
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                           55.43
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         -55.81
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                     -144.08
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                  -7.90
Net Income Change % - year over year                                      -7.90
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         46.10
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                           1.82
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            50.41
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          50.41
Revenue growth rate, 10 year                                              78.24
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                               53.34
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                                 .41
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                         18.18
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                         6,467
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                             1,830
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          6,467
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                         (14,411)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                        (5,627)
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                        (14,411)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                         (14,411)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                        (14,411)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                       (5,627)
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                        (14,411)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                         (14,411)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                               (8,130)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                   (2,719)
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                     (8,130)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              (7,693)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                           (9,018)
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  (2,594)
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (7,693)
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                          6,262
USD)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         2,911
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           6,262
Net Income available to common - most recent                           (14,411)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                            (5,627)
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                           (14,411)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                      (14,411)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                        (14,411)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                        (14,411)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                            4,212
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                            1,179
quarter ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - prior trailing                         3,237
12 month ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - trailing 12                            4,212
month ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             41,108
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 11,409
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             27,331
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                   41,108
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                       (14,411)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                       (14,411)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                 (465)
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                           (14,411)
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                -53.24
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                            -34.70
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                           -58.52
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                             -50.31
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                             -34.70
Return on average equity - 5 year average                             -1,461.12
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                           -124.68
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                          -281.69
(annualized)
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                            -124.68
Return on investment - 5 year average                                    -60.84
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                           -42.22
Return on investment - most recent quarter                               -73.45
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                 -42.22
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                                 452
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                                 452
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                               427
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                               427
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                               39
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                                39
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                              13
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                             (455)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                         (503)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                              (73)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                 (678)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                            (169)
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                         (474)
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                            (503)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                            (455)
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                              909
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             909
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            (251)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            (469)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            (173)
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                           (518)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                 (465)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           (469)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           (173)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                 (518)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (465)
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           (469)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           (173)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                 (518)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (465)
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                            (469)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                           (404)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                             (522)
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                           (86)
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (224)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                             (57)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                         (579)
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                              (404)
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                               614
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              614
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                             1,339
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                          1,405
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                    350
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              1,339
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                   23.56
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                       23.56
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                           18.29
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                   8.52
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                       7.66
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                   5.48
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         8.52
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                 24.86
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                              24.86
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                  19.91
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                              19.91
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                             21.08
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                             21.08
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                            -41.17
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                   -18.72
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                         -18.72
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 84.27
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 82.26
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             81.56
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        83.96
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          84.27
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                       -66.85
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                         -35.06
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                         -48.87
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                -49.32
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                            -48.87
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                  -35.06
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                            -19.78
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                            -33.91
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                        -42.92
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                   -23.84
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                     -19.78
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                               -35.06
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                               -48.87
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                           -67.56
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                      -49.32
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                        -35.06
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                            93.80
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                           97.47
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                             92.38
Float                                                                     31.55
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                        350,365
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             26.06
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            30.70
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          30.70
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         32.57
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          33.01
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              33.01
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                            29.98
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                              32.90
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         26.06
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            30.70
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           30.70
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           32.57
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            95.91



Per Share Ratios
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                          44,037
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         44,037
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                            46,360
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           46,360
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             41,530
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                          14,921
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         14,921
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                          8,196
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           14,092
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           14,092
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          30,014
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                          30,014
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            5,459
Inventory - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                5,459
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                           11,081
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                         11,081
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                             31,439
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                           31,439
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                          20,266
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         20,266
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          8,052
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              8,052
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                             14,921
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                           14,921
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          24,312
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              24,312
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                             436
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                            125
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                              436
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                      (12,394)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         (1,842)
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          (12,394)
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                         (365)
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        33
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                    106
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .99
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                          1.19
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                          .99
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                               1.38
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                   1.41
(annualized)
Inventory turnover - trailing 12 month                                     1.38
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                             6.41
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 6.08
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   6.41
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    3.97
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        3.97
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            9.45
Interest coverage - most recent fiscal year                               -1.30
Interest coverage - most recent quarter                                    -.93
Interest coverage - prior trailing 12 month                               -2.25
Interest coverage - trailing 12 month                                     -1.30
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  43.71
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      43.71
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                 135.82
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                     135.82
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                         301.40
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                           51.66
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                               51.66
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                      3.48
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                          3.48
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                              8.39
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         52.44
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             52.44
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             61.97
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            61.97
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                        162.93
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                            162.93
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                         301.40
year ago
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              1.00
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              1.00
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                         -2.23
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                 -2.23
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                 -2.23
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                       26.32
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                   26.32
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                  -3.81
Capital Spending growth rate, 5 year                                      67.78
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            -43.37
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                            -125.97
EPS Change % - year over year                                              8.36
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                                10.28
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          81.56
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                           55.43
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         -55.81
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                     -144.08
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                  -7.90
Net Income Change % - year over year                                      -7.90
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         46.10
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                           1.82
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            50.41
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          50.41
Revenue growth rate, 10 year                                              78.24
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                               53.34
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                                 .41
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                         18.18
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                         6,467
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                             1,830
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          6,467
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                         (14,411)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                        (5,627)
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                        (14,411)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                         (14,411)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                        (14,411)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                       (5,627)
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                        (14,411)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                         (14,411)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                               (8,130)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                   (2,719)
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                     (8,130)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              (7,693)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                           (9,018)
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  (2,594)
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (7,693)
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                          6,262
USD)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         2,911
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           6,262
Net Income available to common - most recent                           (14,411)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                            (5,627)
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                           (14,411)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                      (14,411)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                        (14,411)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                        (14,411)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                            4,212
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                            1,179
quarter ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - prior trailing                         3,237
12 month ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - trailing 12                            4,212
month ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             41,108
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 11,409
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             27,331
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                   41,108
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                       (14,411)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                       (14,411)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                 (465)
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                           (14,411)
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                -53.24
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                            -34.70
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                           -58.52
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                             -50.31
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                             -34.70
Return on average equity - 5 year average                             -1,461.12
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                           -124.68
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                          -281.69
(annualized)
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                            -124.68
Return on investment - 5 year average                                    -60.84
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                           -42.22
Return on investment - most recent quarter                               -73.45
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                 -42.22
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                                 452
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                                 452
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                               427
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                               427
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                               39
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                                39
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                              13
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                             (455)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                         (503)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                              (73)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                 (678)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                            (169)
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                         (474)
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                            (503)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                            (455)
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                              909
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             909
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            (251)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            (469)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            (173)
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                           (518)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                 (465)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           (469)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           (173)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                 (518)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (465)
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           (469)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           (173)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                 (518)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (465)
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                            (469)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                           (404)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                             (522)
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                           (86)
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (224)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                             (57)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                         (579)
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                              (404)
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                               614
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              614
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                             1,339
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                          1,405
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                    350
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              1,339
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                   23.56
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                       23.56
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                           18.29
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                   8.52
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                       7.66
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                   5.48
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         8.52
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                 24.86
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                              24.86
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                  19.91
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                              19.91
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                             21.08
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                             21.08
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                            -41.17
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                   -18.72
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                         -18.72
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 84.27
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 82.26
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             81.56
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        83.96
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          84.27
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                       -66.85
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                         -35.06
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                         -48.87
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                -49.32
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                            -48.87
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                  -35.06
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                            -19.78
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                            -33.91
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                        -42.92
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                   -23.84
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                     -19.78
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                               -35.06
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                               -48.87
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                           -67.56
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                      -49.32
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                        -35.06
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                            93.80
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                           97.47
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                             92.38
Float                                                                     31.55
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                        350,365
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             26.06
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            30.70
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          30.70
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         32.57
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          33.01
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              33.01
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                            29.98
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                              32.90
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         26.06
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            30.70
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           30.70
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           32.57
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            95.91



Price Related
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                          44,037
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         44,037
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                            46,360
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           46,360
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             41,530
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                          14,921
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         14,921
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                          8,196
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           14,092
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           14,092
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          30,014
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                          30,014
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            5,459
Inventory - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                5,459
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                           11,081
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                         11,081
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                             31,439
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                           31,439
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                          20,266
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         20,266
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          8,052
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              8,052
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                             14,921
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                           14,921
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          24,312
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              24,312
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                             436
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                            125
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                              436
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                      (12,394)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         (1,842)
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          (12,394)
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                         (365)
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        33
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                    106
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .99
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                          1.19
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                          .99
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                               1.38
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                   1.41
(annualized)
Inventory turnover - trailing 12 month                                     1.38
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                             6.41
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 6.08
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   6.41
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    3.97
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        3.97
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            9.45
Interest coverage - most recent fiscal year                               -1.30
Interest coverage - most recent quarter                                    -.93
Interest coverage - prior trailing 12 month                               -2.25
Interest coverage - trailing 12 month                                     -1.30
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  43.71
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      43.71
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                 135.82
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                     135.82
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                         301.40
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                           51.66
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                               51.66
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                      3.48
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                          3.48
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                              8.39
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         52.44
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             52.44
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             61.97
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            61.97
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                        162.93
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                            162.93
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                         301.40
year ago
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              1.00
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              1.00
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                         -2.23
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                 -2.23
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                 -2.23
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                       26.32
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                   26.32
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                  -3.81
Capital Spending growth rate, 5 year                                      67.78
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            -43.37
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                            -125.97
EPS Change % - year over year                                              8.36
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                                10.28
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          81.56
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                           55.43
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         -55.81
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                     -144.08
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                  -7.90
Net Income Change % - year over year                                      -7.90
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         46.10
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                           1.82
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            50.41
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          50.41
Revenue growth rate, 10 year                                              78.24
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                               53.34
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                                 .41
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                         18.18
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                         6,467
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                             1,830
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          6,467
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                         (14,411)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                        (5,627)
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                        (14,411)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                         (14,411)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                        (14,411)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                       (5,627)
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                        (14,411)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                         (14,411)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                               (8,130)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                   (2,719)
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                     (8,130)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              (7,693)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                           (9,018)
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  (2,594)
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (7,693)
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                          6,262
USD)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         2,911
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           6,262
Net Income available to common - most recent                           (14,411)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                            (5,627)
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                           (14,411)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                      (14,411)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                        (14,411)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                        (14,411)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                            4,212
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                            1,179
quarter ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - prior trailing                         3,237
12 month ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - trailing 12                            4,212
month ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             41,108
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 11,409
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             27,331
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                   41,108
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                       (14,411)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                       (14,411)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                 (465)
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                           (14,411)
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                -53.24
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                            -34.70
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                           -58.52
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                             -50.31
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                             -34.70
Return on average equity - 5 year average                             -1,461.12
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                           -124.68
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                          -281.69
(annualized)
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                            -124.68
Return on investment - 5 year average                                    -60.84
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                           -42.22
Return on investment - most recent quarter                               -73.45
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                 -42.22
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                                 452
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                                 452
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                               427
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                               427
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                               39
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                                39
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                              13
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                             (455)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                         (503)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                              (73)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                 (678)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                            (169)
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                         (474)
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                            (503)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                            (455)
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                              909
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             909
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            (251)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            (469)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            (173)
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                           (518)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                 (465)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           (469)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           (173)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                 (518)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (465)
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           (469)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           (173)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                 (518)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (465)
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                            (469)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                           (404)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                             (522)
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                           (86)
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (224)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                             (57)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                         (579)
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                              (404)
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                               614
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              614
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                             1,339
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                          1,405
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                    350
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              1,339
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                   23.56
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                       23.56
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                           18.29
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                   8.52
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                       7.66
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                   5.48
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         8.52
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                 24.86
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                              24.86
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                  19.91
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                              19.91
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                             21.08
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                             21.08
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                            -41.17
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                   -18.72
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                         -18.72
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 84.27
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 82.26
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             81.56
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        83.96
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          84.27
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                       -66.85
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                         -35.06
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                         -48.87
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                -49.32
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                            -48.87
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                  -35.06
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                            -19.78
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                            -33.91
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                        -42.92
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                   -23.84
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                     -19.78
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                               -35.06
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                               -48.87
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                           -67.56
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                      -49.32
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                        -35.06
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                            93.80
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                           97.47
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                             92.38
Float                                                                     31.55
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                        350,365
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             26.06
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            30.70
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          30.70
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         32.57
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          33.01
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              33.01
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                            29.98
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                              32.90
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         26.06
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            30.70
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           30.70
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           32.57
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            95.91



Profitability Ratios
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                          44,037
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         44,037
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                            46,360
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           46,360
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             41,530
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                          14,921
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         14,921
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                          8,196
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           14,092
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           14,092
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          30,014
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                          30,014
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            5,459
Inventory - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                5,459
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                           11,081
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                         11,081
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                             31,439
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                           31,439
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                          20,266
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         20,266
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          8,052
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              8,052
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                             14,921
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                           14,921
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          24,312
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              24,312
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                             436
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                            125
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                              436
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                      (12,394)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         (1,842)
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          (12,394)
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                         (365)
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        33
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                    106
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .99
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                          1.19
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                          .99
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                               1.38
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                   1.41
(annualized)
Inventory turnover - trailing 12 month                                     1.38
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                             6.41
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 6.08
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   6.41
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    3.97
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        3.97
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            9.45
Interest coverage - most recent fiscal year                               -1.30
Interest coverage - most recent quarter                                    -.93
Interest coverage - prior trailing 12 month                               -2.25
Interest coverage - trailing 12 month                                     -1.30
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  43.71
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      43.71
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                 135.82
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                     135.82
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                         301.40
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                           51.66
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                               51.66
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                      3.48
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                          3.48
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                              8.39
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         52.44
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             52.44
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             61.97
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            61.97
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                        162.93
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                            162.93
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                         301.40
year ago
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              1.00
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              1.00
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                         -2.23
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                 -2.23
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                 -2.23
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                       26.32
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                   26.32
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                  -3.81
Capital Spending growth rate, 5 year                                      67.78
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            -43.37
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                            -125.97
EPS Change % - year over year                                              8.36
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                                10.28
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          81.56
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                           55.43
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         -55.81
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                     -144.08
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                  -7.90
Net Income Change % - year over year                                      -7.90
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         46.10
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                           1.82
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            50.41
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          50.41
Revenue growth rate, 10 year                                              78.24
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                               53.34
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                                 .41
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                         18.18
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                         6,467
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                             1,830
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          6,467
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                         (14,411)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                        (5,627)
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                        (14,411)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                         (14,411)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                        (14,411)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                       (5,627)
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                        (14,411)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                         (14,411)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                               (8,130)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                   (2,719)
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                     (8,130)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              (7,693)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                           (9,018)
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  (2,594)
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (7,693)
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                          6,262
USD)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         2,911
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           6,262
Net Income available to common - most recent                           (14,411)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                            (5,627)
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                           (14,411)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                      (14,411)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                        (14,411)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                        (14,411)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                            4,212
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                            1,179
quarter ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - prior trailing                         3,237
12 month ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - trailing 12                            4,212
month ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             41,108
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 11,409
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             27,331
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                   41,108
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                       (14,411)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                       (14,411)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                 (465)
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                           (14,411)
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                -53.24
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                            -34.70
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                           -58.52
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                             -50.31
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                             -34.70
Return on average equity - 5 year average                             -1,461.12
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                           -124.68
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                          -281.69
(annualized)
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                            -124.68
Return on investment - 5 year average                                    -60.84
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                           -42.22
Return on investment - most recent quarter                               -73.45
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                 -42.22
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                                 452
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                                 452
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                               427
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                               427
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                               39
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                                39
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                              13
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                             (455)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                         (503)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                              (73)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                 (678)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                            (169)
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                         (474)
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                            (503)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                            (455)
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                              909
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             909
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            (251)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            (469)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            (173)
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                           (518)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                 (465)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           (469)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           (173)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                 (518)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (465)
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           (469)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           (173)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                 (518)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (465)
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                            (469)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                           (404)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                             (522)
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                           (86)
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (224)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                             (57)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                         (579)
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                              (404)
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                               614
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              614
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                             1,339
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                          1,405
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                    350
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              1,339
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                   23.56
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                       23.56
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                           18.29
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                   8.52
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                       7.66
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                   5.48
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         8.52
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                 24.86
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                              24.86
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                  19.91
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                              19.91
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                             21.08
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                             21.08
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                            -41.17
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                   -18.72
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                         -18.72
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 84.27
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 82.26
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             81.56
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        83.96
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          84.27
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                       -66.85
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                         -35.06
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                         -48.87
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                -49.32
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                            -48.87
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                  -35.06
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                            -19.78
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                            -33.91
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                        -42.92
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                   -23.84
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                     -19.78
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                               -35.06
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                               -48.87
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                           -67.56
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                      -49.32
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                        -35.06
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                            93.80
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                           97.47
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                             92.38
Float                                                                     31.55
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                        350,365
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             26.06
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            30.70
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          30.70
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         32.57
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          33.01
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              33.01
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                            29.98
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                              32.90
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         26.06
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            30.70
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           30.70
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           32.57
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            95.91



Share Related Items
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                          44,037
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         44,037
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                            46,360
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           46,360
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             41,530
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                          14,921
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         14,921
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                          8,196
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           14,092
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           14,092
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          30,014
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                          30,014
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            5,459
Inventory - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                5,459
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                           11,081
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                         11,081
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                             31,439
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                           31,439
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                          20,266
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         20,266
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          8,052
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              8,052
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                             14,921
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                           14,921
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          24,312
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              24,312
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                             436
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                            125
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                              436
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                      (12,394)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         (1,842)
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          (12,394)
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                         (365)
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        33
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                    106
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .99
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                          1.19
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                          .99
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                               1.38
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                   1.41
(annualized)
Inventory turnover - trailing 12 month                                     1.38
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                             6.41
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 6.08
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   6.41
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    3.97
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        3.97
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            9.45
Interest coverage - most recent fiscal year                               -1.30
Interest coverage - most recent quarter                                    -.93
Interest coverage - prior trailing 12 month                               -2.25
Interest coverage - trailing 12 month                                     -1.30
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  43.71
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      43.71
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                 135.82
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                     135.82
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                         301.40
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                           51.66
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                               51.66
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                      3.48
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                          3.48
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                              8.39
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         52.44
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             52.44
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             61.97
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            61.97
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                        162.93
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                            162.93
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                         301.40
year ago
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              1.00
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              1.00
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                         -2.23
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                 -2.23
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                 -2.23
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                       26.32
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                   26.32
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                  -3.81
Capital Spending growth rate, 5 year                                      67.78
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            -43.37
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                            -125.97
EPS Change % - year over year                                              8.36
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                                10.28
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          81.56
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                           55.43
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         -55.81
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                     -144.08
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                  -7.90
Net Income Change % - year over year                                      -7.90
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         46.10
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                           1.82
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            50.41
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          50.41
Revenue growth rate, 10 year                                              78.24
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                               53.34
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                                 .41
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                         18.18
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                         6,467
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                             1,830
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          6,467
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                         (14,411)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                        (5,627)
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                        (14,411)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                         (14,411)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                        (14,411)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                       (5,627)
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                        (14,411)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                         (14,411)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                               (8,130)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                   (2,719)
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                     (8,130)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              (7,693)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                           (9,018)
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  (2,594)
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (7,693)
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                          6,262
USD)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         2,911
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           6,262
Net Income available to common - most recent                           (14,411)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                            (5,627)
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                           (14,411)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                      (14,411)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                        (14,411)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                        (14,411)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                            4,212
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                            1,179
quarter ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - prior trailing                         3,237
12 month ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - trailing 12                            4,212
month ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             41,108
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 11,409
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             27,331
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                   41,108
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                       (14,411)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                       (14,411)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                 (465)
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                           (14,411)
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                -53.24
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                            -34.70
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                           -58.52
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                             -50.31
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                             -34.70
Return on average equity - 5 year average                             -1,461.12
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                           -124.68
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                          -281.69
(annualized)
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                            -124.68
Return on investment - 5 year average                                    -60.84
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                           -42.22
Return on investment - most recent quarter                               -73.45
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                 -42.22
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                                 452
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                                 452
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                               427
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                               427
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                               39
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                                39
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                              13
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                             (455)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                         (503)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                              (73)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                 (678)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                            (169)
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                         (474)
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                            (503)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                            (455)
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                              909
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             909
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            (251)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            (469)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            (173)
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                           (518)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                 (465)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           (469)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           (173)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                 (518)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (465)
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           (469)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           (173)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                 (518)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (465)
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                            (469)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                           (404)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                             (522)
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                           (86)
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (224)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                             (57)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                         (579)
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                              (404)
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                               614
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              614
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                             1,339
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                          1,405
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                    350
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              1,339
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                   23.56
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                       23.56
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                           18.29
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                   8.52
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                       7.66
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                   5.48
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         8.52
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                 24.86
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                              24.86
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                  19.91
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                              19.91
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                             21.08
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                             21.08
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                            -41.17
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                   -18.72
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                         -18.72
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 84.27
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 82.26
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             81.56
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        83.96
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          84.27
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                       -66.85
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                         -35.06
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                         -48.87
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                -49.32
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                            -48.87
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                  -35.06
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                            -19.78
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                            -33.91
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                        -42.92
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                   -23.84
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                     -19.78
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                               -35.06
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                               -48.87
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                           -67.56
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                      -49.32
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                        -35.06
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                            93.80
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                           97.47
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                             92.38
Float                                                                     31.55
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                        350,365
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             26.06
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            30.70
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          30.70
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         32.57
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          33.01
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              33.01
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                            29.98
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                              32.90
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         26.06
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            30.70
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           30.70
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           32.57
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            95.91

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
SECURITY TYPE: Ordinary Shares
EXCHANGE: NASDAQ
STOCK INDEX: TR Equity United States Index
TOTAL SHARES OUTSTANDING: 33,008,865
LISTING TYPE:  Ordinary Shares

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: Lurie, Besikof, Lapidus & Co.

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2017


                             315 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                              March 4, 2005 Friday

Death notice: June M. Graft;
May 29, 1942 -- March 2, 2005

SECTION: OBITUARIES

LENGTH: 104 words



SOUTH BEND  -- June M. Graft, 62, of North Sunnyside Avenue, died Wednesday in
Saint Joseph Regional Medical Center after an illness. Survivors include two
daughters, Vickie J. Landrum and Lisa M. Graft, both of South Bend; a son,
Ronald L. Wilson II of Osceola; two stepdaughters, Terrie Graft and Debbie
Stephens, both of Valparaiso, Ind.; a stepson, Robbie Graft of Valparaiso; two
sisters, Sally Herschleb of Three Rivers and Judy Dinda of Kalamazoo; and a
brother, Claude Weston of Paw Paw, Mich. Services will be at 11 a.m. Saturday in
Hanley & Sons Funeral Home, where friends may call from 4 to 8 p.m. today.


LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                 Copyright 2005 South Bend Tribune Corporation


                             316 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Medical Device Daily

                              June 11, 2001 Monday

Product Briefs

LENGTH: 956 words

Product Briefs

·CardioVasc (Menlo Park, California), developer of small-diameter vascular
stent-grafts and surface treatments to promote rapid endothelialization of
implants, said that the first patients have been implanted with its stent-graft
device. These devices include a surface treatment designed to enhance
endothelial cell adhesion after implantation. CardioVasc is initially targeting
lesions in diseased saphenous vein grafts. Christian Hamm, MD, of Kerckhoff
Heart Center (Bad Nauheim, Germany), lead investigator of the clinical trial,
commented, "We believe that the ability to grow a healthy endothelium may be
very important in the long-term patency of covered stents. We will implant more
stent-grafts in the next few days after this very promising procedure."

·ChromaVision Medical Systems (San Juan, Capistrano, California), a provider of
automated cell-imaging systems and manufacturer of the ACIS system, reported
launch of a private network system that allows clinicians to review and analyze
ACIS-generated images from remote locations. The initiative will enable
physicians to send patient specimens to a central laboratory where technologists
will prepare slides and perform ACIS image capture. The resulting data and
images will then be made available to physicians in other laboratories,
pathology practice groups or community hospitals through a secure local or wide
area network or the Internet. Development of this network expands the market for
ChromaVision by extending its products to physicians and laboratories whose test
volumes would not otherwise support a complete ACIS system.

·Irvine Biomedical (Irvine, California) reported receiving 510(k) clearance from
the FDA for its AFocus family of steerable diagnostic catheters. Specifically
designed for mapping in the atrial regions of the heart, the AFocus catheter
features a circular curve perpendicular to the catheter shaft, allowing
simultaneous, circumferential electrical recording. AFocus mapping catheters
enable the physician to identify electrical potential in specific anatomical
atrial structures and is able to steer open and closed, negating arduous sizing
of atrial structures. Peter Chen, PhD, president and CEO, said, "We believe the
AFocus catheter technology will ultimately provide an effective tool in
assisting with the ablation treatment of patients with paroxysmal atrial
fibrillation."

·Medtronic (Minneapolis, Minnesota) reported the U.S. launch of its R2 Rapid
Exchange Balloon Dilatation Catheter With Perfusion Technology and its
counterpart, the D2 Over-The-Wire Balloon Dilatation Catheter. The R2 and the D2
low compliance, extended pressure balloon catheters join the R1 and D1
semi-compliant balloon catheters, thus expanding the range of balloon
angioplasty treatment options now available from Medtronic. "The R2 and D2 carry
over many of the same delivery-enhancing features of the R1 and D1, while
incorporating the strongest performance characteristics of both semi-compliant
and non-compliant balloon catheters. The result is a highly versatile solution
that meets both patient needs and physician preferences," the company said in a
statement.

· Orhan Tuncay, MD, professor and chairman of the department of orthodontics and
division of pediatric dentistry at Temple University School of Dentistry
(Philadelphia, Pennsylvania), reports development of a procedure using 3-D
graphics and animation to plan a patient's treatment. Tuncay described the
procedure as "the first-ever animation of the human face using 3-D,
laser-generated images." Tuncay's procedure, called 3-D CIMAS, or
three-dimensional Craniofacial Imaging and Motion Animation System, allows both
the patient and clinician to view the proposed orthodontic treatment and the
treatment outcome before the work is begun. Tuncay's 3-D CIMAS uses a Minolta
Vivid 3-D Non-Contact Digitizer to scan a face in just 0.6 of a second,
capturing both 3-D surface geometry and color texture data for input into a PC
or laptop computer. It captures an object's image in 200 x 200 (40,000) range
points for surface mapping and in 400 x 400 (160,000) point color texture
mapping. The procedure uses Minolta scanning/registration and texture mapping
software included with the Vivid digitizer. Once the 3-D images are produced,
they are morphed and animated using 3-D Studio MAX, a commercial software
package used extensively in arts and entertainment.

·SIMS Portex (Keene, New Hampshire) said the U.S. Patent and Trademarks Office
has granted it reissue letters patent Re 37,110, titled, "Locking Safety Needle
Protection System." SIMS was the first to provide arterial blood sampling
syringes with needlestick protection in 1990 with the introduction of the
Needle-Pro device, which uses a one-handed technique that engages the needle
into a protected sheath. SIMS Portex, part of Smiths Group plc (London), makes a
wide range of single-use medical devices for the worldwide market.

·Tutogen Medical (Clifton, New Jersey) said that, beginning this month, Sulzer
Dental (formerly Sulzer Calcitek) will introduce Puros, Tutogen's human derived
bone grafting products, in France, and Navigraft, Tutogen's bovine bone grafting
products, in Germany. Tutogen said it plans to seek additional registration for
the sale of bovine material in France in conjunction with the launch of Puros.
Tutogen uses the patented Tutoplast process of tissue preservation and viral
inactivation to manufacture bioimplants for neurosurgical, orthopedic,
reconstructive and general surgical indications. Tutoplast processed tissues
have been used for more 25 years in more than 500,000 surgical transplant cases
without a single documented case of disease transmission, the company said.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                          Copyright 2001 AHC Media LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             317 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Medical Device Daily

                          November 21, 2012 Wednesday

Product Briefs

LENGTH: 242 words


o Dune Medical Devices (Framingham, Massachusetts) received an approvable letter
for its premarket approval application (PMA) from the FDA. The approvable letter
states that the MarginProbe System PMA is approvable subject to final agreement
with FDA on the design of the required post approval study. The device, which
would be used in conjunction with other methods to determine whether all of a
tumor has been removed from the breast, received a favorable vote from an
advisory panel at the FDA in June (Medical Device Daily, June 25, 2012).

o Vascular Flow Technologies (Dundee, UK) reported recent trial results for the
use of the Spiral Laminar Flow (SLF) grafts in lower extremity bypasses to
warrant continued usage and further long-term data acquisition. The study
followed up the implantation of 31 Spiral Flow peripheral vascular grafts with
prospective data on-going and a retrospective analysis of 136 conventional ePTFE
grafts. The patients all had lower extremity bypasses. The study showed that
primary patency for the SLF graft was 92% compared to 48% for the conventional
PTFE graft. The company says the design of the Spiral Flow Graft is different
from all other prosthetic vascular grafts. Near the distal end of the graft
there is a 'Spiral Flow Inducer' - an ePTFE helical ridge on the graft lumen
which remodels turbulent blood flow created by diseased vessels and conventional
grafts into the body's own natural spiral flow pattern.

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                          Copyright 2012 AHC Media LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             318 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Medical Device Daily

                              June 16, 2003 Monday

Product Briefs

LENGTH: 736 words


Product Briefs

· Clinimetrics Research Associates (San Jose, California) reported the
successful installation and validation of the Oracle Clinical Remote Data
Capture (RDC) System, a key feature of Clinimetrics' complete data management
solution. Clinimetrics now provides access for live, secure entry of clinical
trial data directly into the database; no data transfer uploads from the
clinical sites are necessary. RDC is a web-enabled process that saves valuable
drug development time by streamlining the data entry and validation process and
automating query resolution. Oracle Clinical RDC allows the real-time validation
of patient data for the investigative sites and interactive discrepancy
management. RDC has been shown to reduce queries and decrease the time needed to
lock the clinical database.

· Medtronic Sofamor Danek (Memphis, Tennessee) said an analysis of several
high-quality studies, featuring one of the largest number of patients reported
on in the spine-surgery field and published in a recent issue of the Journal of
Spinal Disorders & Techniques, found that the company's Infuse Bone Graft, used
with the LT-CAGE Lumbar Tapered Fusion Device, delivered statistically better
spinal fusion results than transplanted bone. Study authors analyzed the results
of four prospective groups, involving 679 patients who underwent spinal fusion,
or stabilization, surgery to treat degenerative disc disease of the lower back.
Infuse Bone Graft contains recombinant human bone morphogenetic protein
(rhBMP-2), the genetically engineered version of a naturally occurring protein
that is capable of inducing normal bone formation or bone regeneration in
specific, targeted areas in the spine. Earlier studies confirmed that the Infuse
Bone Graft/LT-CAGE device was equivalent to the traditional two-surgery spinal
stabilization procedure. Supported by a larger number of patients, the new data
show it to be superior in several ways. Compared to patients who underwent
autograft transplant surgery with LT-CAGE devices, Infuse Bone Graft patients
had a fusion success rate that was about 6% better two years after surgery; 33%
shorter surgery time, 34% less blood loss, shorter hospital stays and shorter
recovery times. Finally, Infuse Bone Graft patients felt less pain than
autograft patients three, six, 12 and 24 months after surgery.

· North American Scientific (Chatsworth, California) said that its Theseus
Imaging subsidiary responded to comments from the FDA resulting in the opening
of its investigational new drug application for Hynic-Annexin V, a molecular
imaging agent intended to provide early assessment of anti-cancer therapy on a
patient-by-patient basis. The planned Phase II studies in the U.S. are intended
to provide preliminary assessment of the predictive value of Hynic-Annexin V
imaging at various times following a single course of chemotherapy. The clinical
study also is designed to provide information about product safety,
biodistribution and imaging technique after initiation of chemotherapy in
patients with non-small cell lung cancer. The technology is currently in Phase
II clinical trials in Europe to assess early response of chemotherapy treatment
in patients with non-small cell and small-cell lung cancer.

· Pall (East Hills, New York) introduced the Pall AquaSafe Water Filter. The
point-of-use filter prevents the spread of Legionella and other potentially
lethal pathogens found in the water systems of hospitals and other healthcare
provider sites. AquaSafe provides an effective barrier from waterborne microbial
contamination, ensuring the availability of high-purity water for bathing,
showering, food preparation, drinking, rinsing of medical instruments and other
hygiene measures in hospitals and other sites. The AquaSafe Water Filter is a
disposable, sterilizing-grade filter (0.2um membrane) for faucets and shower
heads that reduces microbial contamination and is a barrier against common
contaminants. It provides seven days of filtration.

· RoboDesign International (Carlsbad, California) reported the issue of U.S.
patent No. 6,558,623 for "Microarray Dispensing with Real-time Verification and
Inspection," the core technology within its RoboArrayer line of products. The
patent describes RoboDesign's use of an in situ vision system, analysis software
and a single-pin rework head to address the problem of missing or poorly spotted
microarrays.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                          Copyright 2003 AHC Media LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             319 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            South Wales Evening Post

                           December 22, 2012 Saturday
                                   Edition 3;
                                National Edition

Morriston is first hospital to use NHS-sourced bone graft

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 228 words


MORRISTON Hospital has become the first hospital to use bone graft supplied by a
new bone bank.

Previously hospitals in the UK have used bone graft supplied by private
companies in the USA.

But that is set to change thanks to the NHS Blood and Transplant Tissue Services
in Liverpool.

Brian Girdwood, from Brynaman, is among the first patients to have the new graft
fitted after experiencing severe neck and arm pains.

He said: "This operation has changed my life.

"I'm better than normal. I'm a crane driver at Tata and the lack of movement in
the neck was making it hard for me to do my job.

"I can move my neck more now than ever, it's great. Honestly, I'm on cloud nine.

"I was surprised to learn that previously bone graft tissue came from as far
away as the USA. It seems crazy.

"I'm really looking forward to going back to work."

Consultant spinal surgeon Iona Collins said: "Mr Girdwood's operation isn't a
ground-breaking procedure. However, using NHS-sourced demineralised bone graft
(DBM) is a major advance in my opinion.

"It's great that we're the first hospital in the UK to use DBM from the NHS.

"By switching suppliers from a profit-making private company to an NHS
non-profit source, not only are we able to make financial savings, but, more
importantly, potentially improve patient safety.

"By using NHS-sourced DBM we know exactly where each vial has come from."

LOAD-DATE: December 22, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SWP


                    Copyright 2012 South Wales Evening Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             320 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                           January 28, 2017 Saturday

Head Line: WIPO PUBLISHES PATENT OF SANFORD HEALTH TITLED AS "BRIDGING STENT
GRAFT WITH INTERLOCKING FEATURES"

LENGTH: 196 words

DATELINE: New York


GENEVA: Publication No. WO/2017/015298 was published on January 26, 2017 by
WIPO.

Title of the invention: BRIDGING STENT GRAFT WITH INTERLOCKING FEATURES

Applicants: SANFORD HEALTH [US/US]; 1305 West 18th Street Sioux Falls, SD 57105
(US)


Inventors: KELLY, Patrick, W.; (US)

According to the abstract published by the World Intellectual Property
Organization on its website: "The present disclosure provides a stent graft
(100) comprising (a) a self-expandable stent structure (102) and a graft
covering (104) positioned over the self-expandable stent structure, the
self-expandable stent structure having a first end (106) and a second end (108).
wherein the self-expandable stent structure defines a lumen (110), and (b) at
least one annular channel defined by at least one of the self-expandable stent
structure and the graft covering and extending radially outward from the
self-expandable stent structure or at least one annular protrusion (116) defined
by at least one of the self-expandable stent structure and the graft covering
and extending radially inward from the self-expandable stent structure."

The patent was filed on 19.07.2016 under Application No. PCT/US2016/042992


LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             321 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 18, 2015 Wednesday

Rohm and Haas Electronic Materials LLC (Massachusetts) has applies for US Patent
titled as " SELF-ASSEMBLED STRUCTURES, METHOD OF MANUFACTURE THEREOF AND
ARTICLES COMPRISING THE SAME"

LENGTH: 259  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an application no.
20150072291 for US Patent, published on March 12, 2015, by Rohm and Haas
Electronic Materials LLC (Massachusetts), titled as " SELF-ASSEMBLED STRUCTURES,
METHOD OF MANUFACTURE THEREOF AND ARTICLES COMPRISING THE SAME" for the
registration of patent.

Inventors:   Cho; Sangho; (Bryan, TX) ; Sun; Guorong; (Bryan, TX) ; Wooley;
Karen L.; (College Station, TX) ; Thackeray; James W.; (Braintree, MA) ;
Trefonas, III; Peter; (Medway, MA)

Assignee:   ROHM AND HAAS ELECTRONIC MATERIALS LLC
Marlborough
MA

THE TEXAS A&M UNIVERSITY SYSTEM
College Station
TX

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office:
"Disclosed herein is a graft block copolymer comprising a first block polymer;
the first block polymer comprising a backbone polymer and a first graft polymer;
where the first graft polymer comprises a surface energy reducing moiety that
comprises a halocarbon moiety, a silicon containing moiety, or a combination of
a halocarbon moiety and a silicon containing moiety; a second block polymer; the
second block polymer being covalently bonded to the first block; wherein the
second block comprises the backbone polymer and a second graft polymer; where
the second graft polymer comprises a functional group that is operative to
undergo acid-catalyzed deprotection causing a change of solubility of the graft
block copolymer in a developer solvent."


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             322 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Medical Device Daily

                             July 14, 2011 Thursday

MDD's Ortho Extra

LENGTH: 1555 words

Keeping you up to date on recent developments in orthopedics

Graft size and patient age may be predictor of need for future ACL revisions,
study suggests . . . A smaller sized hamstring graft in an anterior cruciate
ligament (ACL) reconstruction patients less than 20 years old may increase
revision rates, according to research presented at the American Orthopaedic
Society for Sports Medicine's (AOSSM; Rosemont, Illinois) annual meeting in San
Diego."Hamstring grafts are commonly used in ACL reconstruction surgeries and
vary in size, with the average being 8 mm in diameter. Our research illustrated
that when a patient was younger than 20 years old and had a graft of less than 8
mm, they were more likely to have a future revision surgery," said lead
researcher, Robert Magnussen of Duke Sports Medicine (Durham, North Carolina).
The researchers studied 256 patients who ranged in age from 11 to 52 years old.
Eighteen individuals (7%) underwent revision ACL surgery at an average of 12
months after the initial surgery.

Only 1.7% of the individuals with grafts greater than 8 mm had revisions while
13.6% of the patients with grafts 7 mm or less had revisions. One revision was
required in the 137 patients age 20 or older but 17 revisions were required in
the 119 patients under 20. No statistically significant association was
determined between the ratio of graft size to patient weight, height or body
mass index. "Increased activity levels of younger patients may contribute to the
increased revision rates noted in the patients studied," said Magnussen.
"However, research into why the smaller grafts failed at higher rates is
ongoing. We hope to improve ACL reconstruction outcomes for young athletes and
help them get back on the field safely."

Previous cancer history increases chances of clotting disorders after knee
surgery, study suggests . . . A history of cancer was a significant risk factor
for developing blood clotting issues following knee arthroscopy, according to a
study being presented at the AOSSM annual meeting in San Diego. Researchers from
the Mayo Clinic (Rochester, Minnesota0 analyzed the records of more than 12,000
patients who had undergone the common knee procedure. "A history of malignancy
has not been widely recognized as a significant risk factor for developing a VTE
(venous thromboembolytic event) following knee arthroscopy," said Diane Dahm,
MD, Associate Professor of Orthopedic Surgery at the Mayo Clinic. "VTEs are a
rare but potentially serious complication and our research may help doctors
better analyze when thromboprophylaxis therapy is necessary and when it isn't."
Dahm and her colleagues analyzed the records of 12,595 patients who underwent
knee arthroscopy between 1985 and 2005. Forty-three cases of VTE occurred (1 in
294 surgeries). Of the 43 cases, several risk factors were associated with the
individuals who developed a clotting issue, including cancer (4), prior VTE
history (8) and history of two or more of the following other risk factors - age
greater than 65, BMI greater than 30, use of oral contraceptives or hormone
replacement therapy, regular use of tobacco, and chronic venous insufficiency.
"As patients with a history of cancer are clearly more likely to develop VTEs
following surgery, more careful monitoring and initiation of thromboprophylaxis
therapy may be justified in order to help prevent this potentially life
threatening complication" said Dahm.

Loss of motion after knee surgery may increase osteoarthritis risk . . . The
onset of osteoarthritis may be related to a loss of knee motion after
reconstructive ACL surgery, as noted in new research presented at the AOSSM
annual meeting. Patients who showed motion limitations after surgery were more
likely to develop arthritic changes in the knee. "Our research shows that
patients given rehabilitation that emphasizes full motion be obtained and
maintained throughout time after surgery have more favorable results on X-rays
than patients who lose motion," said lead researcher K. Donald Shelbourne, MD,
Founder, Shelbourne Knee Center (Indianapolis). The study examined data from 780
patients who were at least five years after ACL reconstruction with a patellar
tendon graft. In individual follow-ups, patients were evaluated and rated based
on knee range of motion tests and radiographs. The percentage of patients with
normal radiographs (no arthritic changes in the knee) was 71% in patients with
normal range of motion compared to 55% of patients who showed deficits in
motion. In patients who had similar meniscus removal, osteoarthritis was
observed more in patients who had motion deficits. "Something like
osteoarthritis can be debilitating," said Shelbourne, "and our goal is to
continually find new ways to help patients avoid such a problem." This study
adds to previous research identifying major risk factors for the development of
osteoarthritis after ACL reconstruction, including meniscectomy (removal of the
meniscus) and articular cartilage damage.

New research points to a possible gender link in knee injuries . . . Gender may
be associated with an increased risk of cartilage lesions in anterior cruciate
ligament (ACL) injured knees, according to research being presented at the AOSSM
annual meeting in San Diego. "Having articular cartilage lesions (a hole or
rough spot in the cartilage of the knee) is considered a predictor of future
osteoarthritis-a debilitating joint condition," said lead author Jan Harald
Roetterud, MD, from Akershus University Hospital (Lørenskog, Norway). "Our
research is exciting because it highlights the possibility of gender as a
significant risk factor, along with age, knee trauma and time between injury and
surgery exceeding 1 year, in these types of injuries." Researchers examined data
from 15,783 patients (aged 8-69 years) undergoing primary ACL reconstructions
between 2005 and 2008. Of these patients, 1,012 (6.4%) had full-thickness
cartilage lesions, with 372 of the total occuring in females (5.6%) and 640 in
the male population (7%). Additional stress on cartilage around the knee
following an ACL injury can cause full-thickness lesions. Treatment typically
involves ACL reconstruction to relieve this pressure and hopefully protect the
cartilage. "The goal of this type of research is to continually identify risk
factors for injury," Roetterud, commented. "With this information we will
hopefully be able to improve prevention and treatment, as well as provide new
guidelines for an athlete's return to sports." Of additional note, male team
handball players also showed a higher rate of full-thickness articular cartilage
injuries compared to male athletes of other sports, though the explanation for
this remains unclear.

Poor bone health may start early in people with multiple sclerosis . . .
Osteoporosis and low bone density are common in people in the early stages of
multiple sclerosis (MS), according to a new study published in the July 12,
2011, print issue of Neurology. "We've known that people who have had MS for a
long time are at a greater risk of low bone density and broken bones, but we
didn't know whether this was happening soon after the onset of MS and if it was
caused by factors such as their lack of exercise due to lack of mobility, or
their medications or reduced vitamin D from lack of sun exposure," said study
author Stine Marit Moen, MD, of Oslo University Hospital (Ulleval in Norway).
Low vitamin D levels are associated with an increased risk of MS. Low vitamin D
levels can lead to reduced calcium absorption and bone mineralization, or the
process the body uses to turn minerals into bone structure. "Our hypothesis was
that if vitamin D exerts a major effect on the risk of MS, then the effects of
low vitamin D levels on bone density would be apparent soon after the onset of
MS," Moen said. The study involved 99 people with an average age of 37 who were
recently diagnosed with MS or clinically isolated syndrome, which means they had
a first episode of symptoms like those in MS but have not yet been diagnosed
with the disease. All had no or minor physical disability from the disease. The
participants had bone density tests an average of 1.6 years after the first time
they had any symptoms suggestive of MS. Their tests were compared to bone tests
of 159 people of similar age, gender and ethnicity who did not have the disease.
A total of 51% of those with MS had either osteoporosis or osteopenia, compared
to 37% of those who did not have the disease. Osteoporosis is a disease where
low bone density causes the bones to become thin and brittle, making them more
likely to break. Osteopenia is low bone density that is less severe than
osteoporosis but puts a person at risk for osteoporosis. The results remained
the same after researchers adjusted for other factors that can affect bone
density, such as smoking, alcohol use and hormone treatment. "These results
suggest that people in the early stages of MS and their doctors need to consider
steps to prevent osteoporosis and maintain good bone health," Moen said. "This
could include changing their diet to ensure adequate vitamin D and calcium
levels, starting or increasing weight-bearing activities and taking
medications."

- Compiled by Holland Johnson, MDD Managing Editor


LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                          Copyright 2011 AHC Media LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             323 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        Progressive Media - Company News

                           November 15, 2012 Thursday

FDA clears Medtronic tubular stent graft for aortic transection repair

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY; Treatment

LENGTH: 258 words



HIGHLIGHT: The US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has cleared the expanded
use of Medtronic's tubular stent graft for the endovascular repair of isolated
lesions (excluding dissections) of the descending segment of the thoracic aorta.



The US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has cleared the expanded use of
Medtronic's tubular stent graft for the endovascular repair of isolated lesions
(excluding dissections) of the descending segment of the thoracic aorta.

Comprising a specially woven fabric sewn onto a flexible wire-mesh frame, the
Valiant Captivia system is inserted using a catheter to pass through several
arteries in the abdomen and up the aorta to treat transections (commonly known
as blunt traumatic aortic injuries).

The approval is based on the positive results of the 50 patient-based RESCUE
trial, designed to assess the safety and efficacy of the stent graft.

The study met its primary endpoint with a 30-day all-cause mortality rate of
8.0%, according to the company.

The stent graft, which creates a new path for blood flow from top to bottom,
also stabilises bleeding from descending thoracic aortic transections as an
alternative to invasive surgery.

Harbor-UCLA Medical Centre vascular surgery chief and study principal
investigator Dr Rodney White said the new indication of the Valiant Captivia
stent graft system reduces the morbidity and mortality rates associated with
surgical repair of transected aortas.

"When surgery is the only other option for repairing an aortic transection, the
Valiant Captivia system can literally be a life-saver," White said.

The company is planning to present six-month results from the RESCUE trial later
in this week in New York, US.

Image: Medtronic corporate headquarters in Fridley, Minnesota, US. Photo:
Courtesy of Bobak Ha'Eri.

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2012 Progressive Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             324 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2013 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                       GlobalData - Business Description

                                January 9, 2013

                                ApaTech Limited

                     370 Centennial Avenue, Centennial Park
                        Elstree,  Hertfordshire WD6 3TJ
                                 United Kingdom

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

OVERVIEW

   ApaTech Limited (ApaTech) is a medical device company focused on the
development of synthetic bone repair material products by utilizing its bone
grafting technology. The company is a subsidiary of Baxter International Inc.
The company's technology provides effective bone graft material that resembles
natural bone and provides an osteoconductive scaffold for growth of new bone.
The two product categories of the company include Actifuse and Apapore.

   Actifuse is a synthetic bone graft developed by the company. The product
contains bioactive synthetic bone graft materials that combines both
osteoconductive and osteo-stimulatory activities. This combination helps in
facilitating quick and continued bone in growth. The product outperforms
traditional hydroxyapatite and Ac-tri-calcium phosphate scaffolds. Acifuse is a
three-dimensional structure and is a safe alternative to autograft, which is
considered as a standard among bone graft materials. The product offers various
benefits such as optimal handling and placement, sterile in nature, synthetic
and disease free.

   ApaTech's Actifuse ABX is a moldable and cohesive biostimulative bone graft
with improved graft placement and intra-operative retention, designed for use in
a range of spine and orthopaedic procedures. Its Actifuse MIS Synthetic Bone
Graft Substitute System is used in open and minimally invasive procedures with
extended reach, controlled delivery and precise placement and it also has easily
replaceable cartridges for additional volume requirements. Actifuse Shape is a
biostimulative bone graft that accelerates bone formation. The company also
offers Actifuse Granules, Actifuse Easy Prep granules and Actifuse
Microgranules.

   ApaTech's Apapore is a synthetic and porous hydroxyapatite. It is indicated
to be packed gently into bony voids or gaps of the skeletal system (extremities,
spine and pelvis). These defects may be surgically created osseous defect or
osseous defects created from traumatic injury to the bone. The product provides
a bone void filler that resorbs and is replaced by bone during the healing
process. It consists of a single-phase calcium hydroxylapatite scaffold. The
interconnected and open porous structure of Apapore is similar to human
cancellous bone. It provides high levels of interconnectivity between micro and
macropores. Apapore helps in fast bone ingrowth, encouraging revascularisation,
enhancing long term graft stability and providing continuous host bone or graft
composite. Apapore is available in Australia and Europe.

   It carries out its sales activities through direct sales force located in the
US, the UK, Germany and more than 33 other countries all over the world.

   ApaTech has strong focus on its research and development (R&D) activities.
The company has many clinical studies ongoing in multiple European countries and
the US. Its product Actifuse is tested against the 'gold standard' bone graft
materials, autograft, rhBMPs and against other approaches. Further, the company
also has collaborations with institutes and organizations to develop new
products


* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Business Description                    Company Investment Analysis
Company Overview                        Company Statement
Events                                  History
Investments                             Key Employee Biographies
Key Employees                           Key Facts
Locations and Subsidiaries              Major Products and Services
Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2013


                             325 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2015 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                       GlobalData - Business Description

                                December 4, 2015

                          BioMimetic Therapeutics, LLC

                              389 Nichol Mill Lane
                                 Franklin 37067
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

OVERVIEW

   BioMimetic Therapeutics, LLC (BioMimetic) ) is a biotechnology company that
focuses on the development of regenerative medicine. It undertakes the
development and commercialization of drug-device combination products that
enhance the healing of orthopedic, spine and sports injuries. Its range of
products and product candidates combine recombinant protein therapeutics with
tissue specific scaffolds that stimulate tissue healing and regeneration. The
company's lead products include Augment Bone Graft and Augmatrix Biocomposite
Bone Graft. The company's lead product, Augment Bone Graft is used as a
substitute for autograft in foot and ankle fusions. It consists of two sterile
components, namely, Medical grade ÃY-TCP (1000-2000 Âµm) granules and rhPDGF-BB
solution (0.3 mg/mL). The product is marketed in Canada, Australia and New
Zealand. The company is conducting its pivotal study in North America for the
same indication. It is also studied in other parts of the world for broader
indications. In January, 2013, the BioMimetic initiated Phase II clinical trial
to assess the safety and efficacy of Augment chronic tendinopathy as a treatment
for lateral epicondylitis, commonly known as tennis elbow. It has completed
pilot clinical trial In Canada to assess the safety and clinical utility of
Augment Rotator Cuff Graft for the repair of large rotator cuff tears.

   BioMimetic also markets Augmatrix biocomposite bone graft for orthopeadic
indications and is available in multiple forms for various bone grafting
challenges. The product material is a composition of synthetic carbonated
apatite (55% w/w) and Bovine Type I collagen (45% w/w). Augmatrix biocomposite
bone graft family is available in a variety of configurations including, 2 cc
pad (2 x 2 x 0.5 cm); 5 cc strip (2 x 5 x 0.5 cm); 10 cc block (2 x 6.25 x 0.8
cm); 15 mm plug (6 and 9 mm diameter); and paste (2, 5, and 10 cc volume). The
company also offers a sterile, single-use 11 gauge needle (4) to assist with
bone marrow aspiration. These products are designed for minimally invasive,
percutaneous administration to a fracture site without surgically intervening.
The sports applications target repair and regeneration cartilage, ligament and
tendon. Augmatrix biocomposite bone graft is commercially available in the US.

   BioMimetic's some of the major product candidates include Augment injectable
bone graft, an alternative to autograft in orthopedic surgery; Augment Chronic
Tendiopathy for the treatment of lateral epicondylitis (tennis elbow) and
Augment Rotator Cuff, for the primary surgical treatment of full thickness
rotator cuff tears as a complement to standard surgical repair.

   The company's four wholly owned subsidiaries are BioMimetic Therapeutics
Limited, UK; BioMimetic Therapeutics Pty Ltd., Australia; BioMimetic
Therapeutics USA, Inc., the US and BioMimetic Therapeutics Canada, Inc.


* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Business Description                    Company Investment Analysis
Corporate Strategy                      Company Overview
Events                                  History
Investments                             Key Employee Biographies
Key Employees                           Key Facts
Major Products and Services             SWOT Analysis
Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: December 4, 2015


                             326 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 6, 2014 Thursday

US Patent granted to Smith & Nephew, Inc (Tennessee) on March 04 titled as
"Tissue graft anchor assembly and instrumentation for use therewith"

LENGTH: 199  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 8,663,325, on
March 04, 2014, to Smith & Nephew, Inc (Tennessee), titled as "Tissue graft
anchor assembly and instrumentation for use therewith"

Inventors:  Graf; Ben K. (Madison, WI), Berube; Rod (North Attleboro, MA),
McCarthy; Gary R. (East Bridgewater, MA)

Assignee:  Smith & Nephew, Inc. (Memphis, TN)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "The
present disclosure relates to a soft tissue graft anchor. The anchor includes a
plurality of prongs, each prong including a distal end and a proximal end,
wherein the prongs are coupled at their distal ends to form an inner cavity
having an opening, at least one of the prongs including a fin, the fin extending
perpendicular to a longitudinal axis of the prong and including a pointed end. A
tissue graft anchor assembly, a method for tissue repair, and instrumentation
for use therewith are also disclosed."

The patent was filed on July 8, 2010 Application no.  12/832,616

For more information please visit: http://www.uspto.gov/. In case of any query
regarding this article or other content needs please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             327 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Medical Device Daily

                            October 7, 2003 Tuesday

Product Briefs

LENGTH: 357 words


Product Briefs

· Angiotech Pharmaceuticals (Vancouver, British Columbia) has started enrollment
in its first human peripheral bypass study that will evaluate its drug-loaded
vascular wrap. The wrap is designed to prevent or reduce stenosis at the by-pass
attachment site. Patients diagnosed with peripheral vascular disease undergoing
"below the knee" femoral-popliteal arterial bypass surgery will receive a
traditional graft, or a graft plus Angiotech's paclitaxel-loaded, biodegradable
vascular wrap. When applied to the outside wall of the vessel, the wrap delivers
drug to the blood vessel wall in a targeted manner to prevent stenosis
associated with by-pass surgery. If successful, the drug-loaded vascular wrap
could potentially be used in peripheral graft procedures to prolong the life of
the by-pass grafts and expand the possible application into the treatment of the
more difficult smaller vessels. The 60-patient, open-label randomized study is
expected to include up to six sites in Europe as well as the Netherlands
Antilles.

· Encore Medical (Austin, Texas) received FDA approval for the Cyclone Anterior
Cervical Plate, a new spinal implant to be used in spinal fusion surgeries.
Encore will be highlighting the release of the Cyclone at the North American
Spine Society meeting in San Diego, California, Oct. 23-25. The benefits of the
product, compared to competitive systems, can be seen in the low profile,
locking mechanism and the one-step instrumentation for accurate screw placement,
the company said.

· Given Imaging (Yokneam, Israel) said that the American Medical Association has
assigned a permanent CPT code for reimbursement of capsule endoscopy, effective
Jan. 1. The permanent code for capsule endoscopy will be CPT 91110.
Reimbursement value of the new code is expected to be published later this year
by the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services as part of the 2004 physician
fee schedule. With CPT 91110, the billing process will be streamlined, enabling
physicians to use one code for submitting reimbursement claims for capsule
endoscopy to insurers, applicable to both private insurers and Medicare.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                          Copyright 2003 AHC Media LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             328 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                        May 25, 2001 Friday CITY EDITION

FDA APPROVES ST. JUDE NEEDLE-FREE GRAFT SYSTEM;
DEVICE MAKER LEADS IN SUTURE-LESS BYPASS

BYLINE: SHERYL JEAN STAFF WRITER

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 637 words


Device maker St. Jude Medical Inc. said Thursday the U.S. Food and Drug
Administration has approved its system allowing vein grafts in heart bypass
surgery without using a needle and thread or cross clamps.

The approval is the first step toward a potentially suture-less heart bypass
surgery and beating-heart surgery, in which an operation is performed while the
heart continues to pump blood. It's a faster, safer and simpler process with the
potential for a better recovery, analysts said.

The approval puts Little Canada-based St. Jude at the head of the pack of
medical technology firms racing to develop systems to allow bypass surgery
without sutures. At least three other companies, including Fridley-based
Medtronic Inc., are working on products similar to St. Jude's aortic connector,
analysts said.

"We are the first in the U.S. market," said Steven J. Healy, president of the
cardiac surgery division. "We'll be able to get a large number of people trained
before our competitors come in."

St. Jude has been developing products for the potential $1 billion heart bypass
grafting market that would complement its heart valve products. Most of the work
done by surgeons who buy St. Jude's heart valves is bypass surgery, Healy said.
More than 750,000 coronary bypass graft surgeries are performed worldwide each
year.

The product allows heart surgeons to attach a vein graft from the leg to the
aorta in a few seconds, instead of the five to 15 minutes needed to sew the
graft to the aorta. Surgeons cut a tiny hole in the aorta. Then, they load a
vein into a device, which looks something like an electric toothbrush, and
insert it through the hole. By pushing a button, a star-shaped connector at the
end of the device opens (to about 1 centimeter in size) to hold the graft in
place with little metal hooks.

The aorta doesn't need to be clamped for stitching, which reduces stress on the
aorta and eliminates leaking if the graft is not sewn on well enough, said
Sandra Hollenhorst, an analyst for Prudential Securities Research. In addition,
a clamp can crush the aorta, causing chunks of plaque to break off from the
aorta walls and float through blood vessels to the brain, potentially causing a
stroke, she said.

St. Jude's aortic connector has been available at 55 hospitals in Europe and
used in more than 100 implants for the past year.

"We expect this new business to drive significant growth for St. Jude Medical in
the years ahead," St. Jude chief executive Terry Shepherd said in a statement.
St. Jude acquired the vein graft technology when it purchased Vascular Sciences
Inc., a small Minneapolis company, in 1999.

The company expects the device, which it will sell for $450, to generate sales
of $3 million to $5 million this year. Analyst Sanjiv Arora of Dain Rauscher
expects the device to post $15 million to $20 million in revenue next year. St.
Jude posted net income of $47.1 million for the first quarter, on revenue of
$326.1 million. St. Jude is developing other products for heart bypass artery
connections and expects to gain FDA approval for its distal connector to join
the vein graft to the coronary artery -- the second part of bypass graft surgery
-- in the second half of 2002, Healy said. The company will immediately begin
marketing the aortic connector to certain hospitals and start training classes
for heart surgeons next week, he said.

One of St. Jude's biggest challenges is to convince conservative U.S. heart
surgeons to adopt the technology, analysts said. It helps that the device
appears to be easy to learn to use, they said. St. Jude shares rose 52 cents
Thursday to close at $61.08. The stock has climbed 74.5 percent in the past
year.

Sheryl Jean can be reached at sjean@pioneerpress.com or (651) 228-5576.

LOAD-DATE: November 1, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo
IN ST. JUDE'S BYPASS SYSTEM, A CONNECTOR HEAD (TOP PHOTO) OPENS TO DELIVER A
VEIN GRAFT THROUGH A STAR-SHAPED CONNECTOR (BOTTOM PHOTO). HOOKS ON THE POINTS
OF THE STAR HOLD THE GRAFT TO THE AORTA. BOTTOM PHOTO IS NOT TO SCALE; ACTUAL
DEVICE IS ABOUT 1 CENTIMETER WIDE.

                     Copyright 2001 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             329 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 20, 2015 Friday

US Patent granted to Smith & Nephew, Inc (TN) on Februaty 17 titled as "Tissue
graft anchor assembly and instrumentation for use therewith"

LENGTH: 190  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 8,956,395, on
February 17, 2015, to Smith & Nephew, Inc (TN), titled as "Tissue graft anchor
assembly and instrumentation for use therewith"

Inventors: Graf; Ben K. (Madison, WI), Berube; Alfred R. (North Attleboro, MA),
McCarthy; Gary M. (East Bridgewater, MA)
Assignee: Smith & Nephew, Inc. (Memphis, TN)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "The
present disclosure relates to a soft tissue graft anchor. The anchor includes a
plurality of prongs, each prong including a distal end and a proximal end,
wherein the prongs are coupled at their distal ends to form an inner cavity
having an opening, at least one of the prongs including a fin, the fin extending
perpendicular to a longitudinal axis of the prong and including a pointed end. A
tissue graft anchor assembly, a method for tissue repair, and instrumentation
for use therewith are also disclosed."

The patent was filed on. February 20, 2014 Application no. 14/185,428

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             330 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 2, 2014 Saturday

US Patent granted to Cook Biotech Incorporated (Indiana) on July 29 titled as "
Graft for hysterotomy closure"

LENGTH: 163  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 8,790,414, on
July 29, 2014, to Cook Biotech Incorporated (Indiana), titled as "Graft for
hysterotomy closure"

Inventors: O'Brien, Jr.; John Michael (Lexington, KY), Whetham; Daniel K.
(Bloomington, IN), Hiles; Michael (Lafayette, IN)
Assignee: Cook Biotech Incorporated (West Lafayette, IN)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
graft and method of using a graft are described that should decrease the
incidence of abnormal placentation and uterine rupture that result from cesarean
section and restore the anatomic integrity of the uterus at a hysterotomy
surgical site, while not disturbing the involution of the postpartum uterus."

The patent was filed on. November 9, 2007 Application no. 11/938,070

For more information please visit: http://www.uspto.gov/. In case of any query
regarding this article or other content needs please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             331 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2015 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                            GlobalData - Investments

                                 July 21, 2015

                        Hancock Jaffe Laboratories, Inc.

                                   70 Doppler
                                  Irvine 92618
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * INVESTMENTS * * * * * * * * * *


CryoLife Enters Into Distribution Agreement With Hancock Jaffe Labs For ProCol
Vascular Bioprosthesis

   3/27/2014 12:00:00 AM

   CryoLife, Inc., a medical device and tissue processing company, entered into
a three-year exclusive worldwide distribution agreement with Hancock Jaffe
Laboratories, Inc. (HJL), a developer of bioprosthetic vascular grafts, for the
ProCol Vascular Bioprosthesis. Under the agreement, CryoLife receives worldwide
distribution rights for HJL's ProCol. CryoLife will reimburse HJL for up to US$
2.3m of its ProCol production costs over the next four quarters, beginning from
second quarter of 2014, with no more than US$0.65m payable in any quarter.
Profits from sales of ProCol after the initial approximately 4,000 units will be
shared equally by the parties, subject to the transfer price paid to Hancock
Jaffe and a distribution fee earned by CryoLife. CryoLife has the two one-year
renewal option to extend the agreement period. In addition, CryoLife has the
right to acquire the ProCol product line from Hancock Jaffe, after 24 months
from execution of the agreement. <P/>ProCol is a natural biological graft
derived from a bovine mesenteric vein that provides vascular access for
end-stage renal disease (ESRD) hemodialysis patients. It is intended for the
creation of a bridge graft for vascular access subsequent to at least one
previously failed prosthetic access graft. ProCol is complementary to CryoLife's
HeRO Graft (Hemodialysis Reliable Outflow), which also serves patients with
ESRD. ProCol provides vascular access for earlier-stage ESRD patients, while
HeRO Graft is designed for patients with limited access options and central
venous obstruction.<P/>This agreement enables CryoLife to strengthen its
products portfolio; and it allows Hancock Jaffe Laboratories to expand the
availability of its product globally.<P/>Norman Jaffe, co-founder of HJL, said,
We are excited to enter a distribution agreement with CryoLife. We expect both
companies to benefit from the reintroduction of ProCol through CryoLife's
established sales and marketing organization, which has a significant presence
in the cardiovascular and vascular access markets. The ProCol vascular
bioprosthesis has been shown to provide patients with ESRD with a viable access
option. In US clinical studies ProCol demonstrated improved patency compared
with ePTFE grafts. We believe CryoLife is in a strong position to drive
utilization of ProCol with its existing customers as well as to expand awareness
with new customers through its commercial presence and physician education
events, such as their Central Venous Pathology Summit.<P/>
* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Company Overview                        Investments
Key Employees                           Key Facts
Major Products and Services             Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2015


                             332 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Medical Device Daily

                              May 3, 2012 Thursday

MDD's Ortho Extra

LENGTH: 1536 words


Additional Developments in One of Med-Tech's Key Sectors


Keeping you up to date on recent developments in orthopedics

Improved bone repair with high-strength silk scaffolds . . . Biomedical
engineers at Tufts University's (Boston) School of Engineering have demonstrated
the first all-polymeric bone scaffold material that is fully biodegradable and
capable of providing significant mechanical support during repair. The new
technology uses micron-sized silk fibers to reinforce a silk matrix, much as
steel rebar reinforces concrete. It could improve the way bones and other
tissues are repaired following accident or disease. The discovery is reported in
the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences online early edition this
week.

In the U.S. an estimated 1.3 million people undergo bone graft surgeries each
year, notes the paper. Human bones are hard but relatively lightweight, able to
withstand considerable pressure while being sufficiently elastic to withstand
moderate torsion. Inside the hard, mineralized tissue is a matrix in which bone
cells can proliferate and adhere. Natural bone is the obvious choice for grafts.
However autologous grafts mean putting the patient through additional surgery
and the supply of self-donated tissue is, obviously, limited. Donor grafts pose
risks of disease, graft rejection and other long-term complications. A handful
of all-polymeric biomaterials, such as collagen, are currently used for bone
regeneration, but they lack strength. Incorporating ceramics or metals into
polymers improves mechanical properties but such composites often sacrifice
optimum bone remodeling and regeneration. By bonding silk protein microfibers to
a silk protein scaffold, the Tufts bioengineers were able to develop a fully
biodegradable composite with high-compressive strength and improved cell
responses related to bone formation in vitro. The study found that silk
microfiber-protein composite matrices mimicked the mechanical features of native
bone including matrix stiffness and surface roughness that enhanced human
mesenchymal stem cell differentiation compared to control silk sponges. In
combination with inherent silk fiber strength, compact fiber reinforcement
enhanced compressive properties within the scaffolds. "By adding the microfibers
to the silk scaffolds, we get stronger mechanical properties as well as better
bone formation. Both structure and function are improved," said David Kaplan,
PhD, chair of biomedical engineering at Tufts University. "This approach could
be used for many other tissue systems where control of mechanical properties is
useful and has broad applications for regenerative medicine." The Tufts
scientists used a novel approach to manufacturing the silk microfibers: applying
alkaline hydrolysis (the use of alkali chemicals to break down complex molecules
into their building blocks). This greatly reduced the time and cost of making
the microfibers in a variety of sizes. Microfibers ranging from 10 to 20 um were
obtained in one minute, compared with production of 100 um plus size fibers
after 12 minutes of conventional processing. Although significant improvements
in compressive properties were observed in the silk composite scaffolds, values
were still significantly lower than that of stronger native bone. The Tufts
researchers suggest that such scaffolds can play a valuable role as temporary
biodegradable support for native cells to grow and replace.

Osteoporosis, fracture and mortality risks greater following early menopause . .
. Women who go through the menopause early are nearly twice as likely to suffer
from osteoporosis in later life, suggests new research published in BJOG: An
International Journal of Obstetrics and Gynaecology. The Swedish study looked at
the long-term effects of early menopause on mortality, risk of fragility
fracture and osteoporosis. In 1977, 390 white north European women aged 48 were
recruited in the Malmo Perimenopausal Study, an observational study where women
were followed from age 48 onwards. The women were divided into two categories;
women who started the menopause before 47 and women who started the menopause at
age 47 or later. The women's bone mineral density (BMD) was measured. At the age
of 77, all eligible women were re-measured for BMD. At this point, 298 women
were still alive while 92 had died. One hundred out of the 298 women still alive
had relocated or declined further participation, leaving 198 women to attend the
follow-up measurement. The study found that at the age of 77, 56% of women with
early menopause had osteoporosis, in comparison with 30% of women with late
menopause. Women who started the menopause early were also found to have a
higher risk of fragility fracture and of mortality. The mortality rate was 52.4%
in the early menopause group compared to 35.2% in the late menopause group. The
fracture incidence rate was 44.3% in the early menopause group compared to 30.7%
in the late menopause group. Ola Svejme, orthopaedic surgeon at the Skåne
University Hospital (Malmo, Sweden), and main author of the paper said, "The
results of this study suggest that early menopause is a significant risk factor
for osteoporosis, fragility fracture and mortality in a long-term perspective.
To our knowledge, this is the first prospective study with a follow-up period of
more than three decades." BJOG Deputy Editor-in-Chief, Pierre Martin-Hirsch,
added: "The study's strength is the length of time the women were observed. "The
higher mortality rate in women with an early menopause needs to be explored
further as many other factors could affect this such as medication, nutrition,
smoking and alcohol consumption."

Safer automated process of lengthening children's limbs . . . Another day,
another four turns of the screw. That's just a part of life for people,
primarily children, undergoing the long and difficult process of distraction
osteogenesis, a method to correct bone deformities that leave one limb shorter
than the other. A team of Rice University (Houston) undergraduates has invented
a device they hope will make the process safer and easier. In collaboration with
Shriners Hospital for Children (Houston), the students came up with "LinDi," a
self-adjusting, automated linear distractor. It eliminates manual manipulation
of the screw with a motorized process that makes the gradual growth of new bone
a more natural process. And for the first time in such a device, they have built
in a force-feedback loop that protects fragile tissues and nerves from being
overstressed. To correct deformities suffered by as many as 10 million children
due to trauma, infection or congenital causes, surgeons break a bone and apply a
distractor that stretches the bone as it heals and gently nudges the arm or leg
to a more appropriate length. The distractor incorporates long pins sunk right
into the bone on either side of the surgical break. As the bone heals, but
before it sets, the patient uses an Allen wrench to give the drive screw a
quarter turn four times a day and push the pins further apart a tiny bit at a
time. That's inconvenient, even risky if a child or parent forgets to make the
adjustment, said Rice mechanical engineering student Raquel Kahn. And wearing
the bulky brace is no treat, either. Team members Kahn, Alvin Chou, Mario
Gonzalez, Stephanie Herkes and Elaine Wong took LinDi on as their senior design
capstone project at the behest of Gloria Gogola, an orthopedic hand and
upper-extremity surgeon at Shriners who specializes in pediatrics. "The process
of limb lengthening - essentially creating a localized mini-growth spurt - works
well for bones, but is very hard on the soft tissues such as nerves and blood
vessels," Gogola said. "This team has done an outstanding job of designing a
creative solution. Their device not only protects the soft tissues, it will
ultimately speed up the entire process." "The problem with the current device is
that there's a lot of room for error," Kahn said. "You can imagine that one
might forget to turn it once, or turn it the wrong way, or turn it too much. And
a lot of problems can arise in the soft tissue and the nerves surrounding the
bone. That's the limiting factor of this process. But LinDi implements a motor
to make the distraction process nearly continuous." Kahn said the motorized,
battery-operated LinDi adjusts the device almost 1,000 times every day, "so the
process is more gradual and continuous, similar to actual bone growth." "One of
the big features of this project is the force sensor," she said. "If the loads
on the tissue are too high, the device shuts the motor off," said Marcia
O'Malley, an associate professor of mechanical engineering and materials science
and the team's faculty adviser. O'Malley said early tests with strain gauges
paid off in the team's level of confidence when the time came to build a working
prototype. Though the students are about to graduate, they expect another team
to continue development of the LinDi. One goal will be to make the device less
bulky, and therefore curtail wear and tear on both the distractor and the
patient.

- Compiled by Holland Johnson, MDD Managing Editor


LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                          Copyright 2012 AHC Media LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             333 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                         GlobalData - Company Overview

                                January 12, 2017

                                Cook Biotech Inc

                             1425 Innovation Place
                              West Lafayette 47906
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *


   Cook Biotech Inc (CBI), a subsidiary of Cook Group Inc is a medical device
company that develops and manufactures biologic tissue grafts. The company
utilizes extracellular matrix technology for developing biologic tissue grafts.
Its products include dural graft, extracellular membrane, SIS ophthalmic, wound
matrix, staple line reinforcement, pericardial closure, and others. CBI provides
cormatrix for cardiac tissue repair, hernia graft, incision graft, umbilical
hernia graft, and fistula plug among others. The company's products are used for
the treatment of hernia repair, fistula and pelvic organ prolapsed. It
distributes its products to different parts of the world. CBI is headquartered
in West Lafayette, Indiana, the US.


* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Company Overview                        Events
Investments                             Key Employees
Key Facts                               Major Products and Services
Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect .

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2017


                             334 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                           November 9, 2016 Wednesday

Head Line: US Patent granted to S. Jude Medical, Cardiology Division, Inc
(Minnesota) on November 8, 2016 titled as "Vascular delivery system and method"

LENGTH: 245 words

DATELINE: New York


ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no.
9,486,348 on November 8, 2016, to S. Jude Medical, Cardiology Division, Inc
(Minnesota) titled as "Vascular delivery system and method"

Inventors: Heidner; Matthew C. (Maple Grove, MN), Patrick; Bryan (Brooklyn Park,
MN), Mauch; Grant Abraham (Delano, MN), Krans; Mark (St. Louis Park, MN)


Assignee: S. Jude Medical, Cardiology Division, Inc. (St. Paul, MN) (Minnesota)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
delivery device and method for deploying a stent-graft within a body lumen of a
patient are provided. According to one embodiment, the delivery device includes
a tubular member lock that couples an outer tubular member of the device with an
inner tubular member, such that as the outer tubular member is retracted to
deploy the stent-graft, the distal-most end of the delivery device is also
retracted. In one embodiment, the delivery device also includes a stent lock
disposed on an intermediate tubular member that is configured to releasably
couple the stent-graft and the intermediate tubular member. The inner tubular
member and the outer tubular member are configured to be coupled to one another
such that movement of the outer tubular member results in movement of the inner
tubular member with respect to the intermediate tubular member so as to deploy
the stent-graft."

The patent was filed on February 1, 2011 Application No. 13/018,802


LOAD-DATE: November 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             335 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 23, 2014 Thursday

US Patent granted to Trivascular, Inc (California) on October 21 titled as
"Method of delivering advanced endovascular graft and system"

LENGTH: 241  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 8,864,814, on
October 21, 2014, to Trivascular, Inc (California), titled as "Method of
delivering advanced endovascular graft and system"

Inventors: Chobotov; Michael V. (Santa Rosa, CA)
Assignee: Trivascular, Inc. (Santa Rosa, CA)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
flexible low profile delivery system for delivery of an expandable
intracorporeal device, specifically, an endovascular graft, which has at least
one belt circumferentially disposed about the device in a constraining
configuration. The belt is released by a release member, such as a release wire,
by retracting the wire from looped ends of the belt. Multiple belts can be used
and can be released sequentially so as to control the order of release and
placement of the endovascular graft. An outer protective sheath may be disposed
about the endovascular graft while in a constrained state which must first be
refracted or otherwise removed prior to release of the graft from a constrained
state. The delivery system can be configured for delivery over a guiding device
such as a guidewire. The delivery system can also be configured for delivery of
bifurcated intracorporeal devices."

The patent was filed on. September 27, 2011 Application no. 13/246,651

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             336 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        Progressive Media - Company News

                             August 3, 2015 Monday

Lombard buys endovascular stent graft developer Altura

SECTION: DIAGNOSIS; Business Expansions

LENGTH: 315 words



HIGHLIGHT: US-based medical device company Lombard Medical has acquired Silicon
Valley based endovascular stent graft developer Altura Medical for $50.5m.


US-based medical device company Lombard Medical has acquired Silicon Valley
based endovascular stent graft developer Altura Medical for $50.5m.

Under the agreement, Lombard will issue $15m worth of common stock at $4 per
share to Altura, apart from assuming $5.5m in bank debt and $2.5m in certain
liabilities and transaction related costs.

Altura will also receive $27.5m based on the achievement of certain commercial
and regulatory milestones that are expected in the next five years.

The agreement also provides Lombard with an option to pay the additional
consideration in either cash or stock.

Lombard Medical CEO Simon Hubbert said: "The acquisition of Altura and the
launch of its new AAA stent graft will provide a near-term and substantial
increase in revenues.

"In fact, we believe this innovative technology could account for up to 20% of
our 2016 total revenue."

Altura developed an ultra-low profile endovascular stent graft technology that
provides a simple and predictable solution to treat abdominal aortic aneurysm
(AAA) anatomies.

University Hospital Leipzig, Interventional Angiology Division chairman Dierk
Scheinert said: "The added benefits of this smart system are the ability to
reposition during deployment and place each graft accurately to each renal
artery enabling physicians to utilise all the available aortic neck.

"It also removes the need for cannulation and therefore provides a simple,
intuitive, safe and consistent deployment system with predictable and shorter
procedure times."

The Altura endograft system obtained CE Mark approval this year and plans to
introduce the device in Europe in early 2016, followed by a broader
international roll out later in the same year.

Lombard plans to file for an investigational device exemption from US Food and
Drug Administration early next year with the intent to start recruitment for a
US clinical study later this year.

LOAD-DATE: August 04, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2015 Progressive Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             337 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          December 24, 2014 Wednesday

US Patent granted to The Cleveland Clinic Foundation (OH) on December 23 titled
as "Stent graft fixation coupling"

LENGTH: 145  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 8,915,955, on
December 23, 2014, to The Cleveland Clinic Foundation (OH), titled as "Stent
graft fixation coupling"

Inventors: West; Karl J. (Geneva, OH), Greenberg; Roy K. (Bratenahl, OH)
Assignee: The Cleveland Clinic Foundation (Cleveland, OH)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
small vessel stent graft with a fixation coupling that has a hyperboloid shape
positioned at or near the proximal end of the graft. The coupling may be
deployed within the fenestration of a fenestrated graft to provide
multi-directional movement without compromising the integrity of the sealing
zone."

The patent was filed on. August 24, 2009 Application no. 12/546,232

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             338 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 24, 2014 Friday

US Patent granted to The Cleveland Clinic Foundation (Ohio) on October 21 titled
as "Endoluminal delivery assembly"

LENGTH: 185  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 8,864,808, on
October 21, 2014, to The Cleveland Clinic Foundation (Ohio), titled as
"Endoluminal delivery assembly"

Inventors: Greenberg; Roy K. (Bratenahl, OH), Hartley; David Ernest (Subiaco,
AU)
Assignee: The Cleveland Clinic Foundation (Cleveland, OH)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
stent graft delivery system in which a stent graft (6) is retained on a delivery
device (2) such that a longitudinal portion of the stent graft is releasably
retained on the delivery device to bend therewith. The delivery device (2) has a
guide wire catheter (3) and the stent graft is retained onto the guide wire
catheter by a release wire (24) which can be withdrawn. The release wire is
wound around the guide wire catheter and through the stent graft or suture loops
engage around the guide wire catheter and release wire."

The patent was filed on. September 21, 2006 Application no. 11/524,855

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             339 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                             August 13, 2010 Friday

High school football: Focus on details seen as key to success for Snow Canyon

BYLINE: James Edward Deseret News

LENGTH: 928 words


Note: Snow Canyon finished with a 3-6 overall record in 2009 and a 2-4 record in
the combined Region 9. It did not qualify for the playoffs ST. GEORGE ? Snow
Canyon football coach Jay Graft believes the little things make all the
difference. His players often don't see the significance of such things as
punctuality and always wearing white socks to practice, but Graft believes those
little things instill a sense of discipline that translates onto the football
field.

In 2009, the seniors were committed to those details but the underclassmen
struggled with the concepts. Graft believes the contention contributed to the
team's win-loss record. "We were 17 points away from losing only two games last
year. The only game we weren't in a position to win last year was Dixie," Graft
said. "It was those little things that we just didn't get done, and hopefully
they realize the importance of that this year. And I think we'll be a lot
better." Snow Canyon's close losses included Morgan (28-26), Las Vegas (17-10),
Hurricane (27-26) and Desert Hills (21-14). The latter two region losses
ultimately cost the Warriors a playoff berth. "The big key for us is playing
together. I think in high school football, if you ask most coaches, you can be
as talented as you can be but if your kids won't play together and care about
each other you're suspect," Graft said. The talent and cohesion appear to be
there with the 2010 season just around the corner. Combined with an abundance of
experience a return to the playoffs seems likely. A good chunk of that
experience is on the offensive side of the ball, with eight returning starters.
Quarterback Austin Larsen is back after throwing for more than 1,000 yards last
season, and he could easily double that output with the players he'll be
throwing to. Wide receiver Dillon Appel is a big, strong receiver who has
verbally committed to Southern Utah, whereas Jake Brown is a 6-foot-6 tight end
with great athleticism. Tanner Smith could be another weapon at receiver, but
he's been dealing with a stress fracture in one his vertebrae and as of early
August there was no official timetable for his return. "He's a handful to tackle
at receiver," Graft said. Snow Canyon features three returning starters on the
offensive line as well with right tackle Ryan Manguso, right guard Tavish Nelson
and center Bryce Hasshaw. Graft is particularly excited about Hasshaw. "The last
time we had a legitimate offensive lineman at center was in 1999 when we won
it," Graft said. Defensively, Graft is thrilled to have experience back in the
secondary with so many teams running the spread offense these days. Graft
believes returning starters Connor Heward, Trayston Frazier, Reggie Gates and
Tanner Smith will be a big bonus against run-oriented teams like Morgan,
Hurricane and Cedar. Snow Canyon will be fairly quick defensively and a bit
bigger in the trenches than usual. "It's a good group, they've always been very,
very athletic. I think we'll be a little more physical up front. Good weight
training, the kids worked hard this year," Graft said He's hopeful the trend
continues in the coming years as Snow Canyon looks to re-establish itself as a
Region 9 contender after a few down years. "In the future I think our sophomore
class and junior class mix real well. So I think in the next couple years if
they'll continue to pay the price and continue to get better good things can
happen," Graft said. Snow Canyon Warriors at a glance Coach: This is Jay Graft's
second year in his second stint as Snow Canyon's head coach. Last year he
finished with a 3-6 record, and his overall head coaching record in five season
is 27-23. He is a graduate of Woodbridge High in Virginia. Offense (8 returning
starters; Spread offense) Quality returning starters on the offensive line, at
wide receiver and quarterback have the Warriors thinking big in 2010. Nelson,
Manguso and Hasshaw will anchor the line and protect Larsen who is back for his
second year at starting quarterback. Appel, Brown and Smith are outstanding
targets for him to throw to. Running back JP Neilson isn't a returning starter,
but the coaching staff has big plans for him in the offense. Defense (6
returning starters) Snow Canyon's defense was very inconsistent last year,
giving up 49 points to Dixie one week and holding Pine View to seven the next.
With plenty of returning starters, the coaching staff is hoping for more
stability this year. A secondary featuring returning starters Heward, Frazier,
Gates and Smith will be the strength of the defense, but middle linebackers
Shaydon Gates and Curtis Bulloch are expected to make big contributions as well.
Brown will be a key contributor on the defensive line as well. Coaches preseason
Region 9 (4A) straw poll: Second Deseret News Region 9 (4A) prediction: Second
Bottom line: The Warriors missed the playoffs last year, but they have enough
returning starters to reverse that trend this year. It won't be easy, though,
especially in the split Region 9 where the 3A teams are every bit as good as the
4A teams. Improvement needs to be made on both sides of the ball, as Snow Canyon
only averaged 21.4 ppg last year and conceded 21.3 ppg. If that trend continues
it will be nothing better than a .500 team. 2010 Schedule Aug. 20 ? at Olympus,
7 p.m. Aug. 27 ? MORGAN, 7 p.m. Sept. 3 ? LAS VEGAS, NEV., 7 p.m. Sept. 10 ?
CANYON VIEW, 7 P.M. Sept. 17 ? HURRICANE, 7 p.m. Sept. 24 ? at Cedar, 7 p.m.
Oct. 1 ? at Desert Hills, 7 p.m. Oct. 8 ? DIXIE, 7 p.m. Oct. 14 ? at Pine View,
7 p.m. e-mail: jedward@desnews.com

LOAD-DATE: August 14, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2010 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                             340 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                           February 16, 2017 Thursday

Head Line: US Patent granted to Bioventus, LLC (North Carolina) on February 14,
2017 titled as "Moldable bone graft compositions"

LENGTH: 125 words

DATELINE: New York


ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no.
9,566,368 on February 14, 2017, to Bioventus, LLC (North Carolina) titled as
"Moldable bone graft compositions"

Inventors: Brunelle; John E. (Huntington Beach, CA), Cook; Russell L. (Newport
Beach, CA), Antone; Duraid S. (Laguna Niguel, CA)


Assignee: Bioventus, LLC (Durham, NC) (North Carolina)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "The
present disclosure relates to compositions useful in synthetic bone graft
applications. Particularly, the disclosure teaches moldable bone graft
compositions, methods of making said compositions, and methods of utilizing the
same."

The patent was filed on November 12, 2015 Application No. 14/939,902


LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             341 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Medical Device Daily

                             March 17, 2014 Monday

Patent Watch: Tesa Medical gains patent for device to treat ACL injuries

LENGTH: 248 words

Staff Report

Tesa Medical (Baton Rouge, Louisiana) reported the issuance of a US patent that
covers a pioneering device designed to aid surgeons performing anterior cruciate
ligament (ACL) reconstruction and to improve patient outcomes after surgery.

Patent number 8,603,115 is for invention of the GraftGrab, a novel device to fix
an ACL graft with a single fluid motion to maintain graft tension and reduce
surgery time and instrumentation. Successful restoration of ACL function using
soft tissue grafts requires stable fixation with sufficient stiffness to
withstand the repetitive loading forces that occur in the early post operative
rehabilitation period and during routine activities.

ACL injuries are one of the most common knee injuries, especially among
athletes, with an estimated 200,000 occurring each year in the US. Ligament
reconstruction has become the treatment of choice for patients who experience
instability following ACL rupture. Unfortunately, clinically significant knee
laxity occurs in 10% to 30% of knees within four months of ACL reconstruction.

"Loss of initial graft tension continues to be a problem with soft tissue
interference screws and can contribute to problems associated with joint
instability," said Mandi Lopez, co-inventor.  "The bioabsorbable GraftGrab is
positioned on the cortical surface of the tibial bone tunnel and has a simple
mechanism for anchoring the graft immediately after tensioning that minimizes
the likelihood of graft tension loss."

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


          Copyright 2014 Thompson Media Group, LLC d/b/a AHC Media LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             342 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Orange County Register (California)

                             June 24, 2004 Thursday

Reception for city administrator is today

BYLINE: The Huntington Beach Wave

SECTION: HUNTINGTON

LENGTH: 172 words


Penelope Culbreth-Graft, who started June 1 as the new city administrator, will
be the guest of honor at a reception today at City Hall.

The city and the Chamber of Commerce are co-sponsoring the event, which starts
at 5 p.m. in the Civic Center amphitheater at 2000 Main St.

Residents are invited to come by and welcome the new administrator.

Culbreth-Graft, 46, comes to Huntington Beach from Riverside where she served as
assistant city manager. She was hired after a nation-wide search. She has also
served as city manager for Grover Beach near San Luis Obispo and has been an
assistant city manager in San Diego, Chino and Tucson, Ariz.

Culbreth-Graft has a doctorate degree in public administration from the
University of La Verne.

She was hired to replace Ray Silver, who retired after seven years as
administrator. Like Culbreth-Graft, Silver was also hired following a
nation-wide search. He was serving as Huntington Beach's assistant city
administrator under Mike Uberuaga when Uberuaga was hired as city manager of San
Diego.

LOAD-DATE: July 9, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Story

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2004 Orange County Register


                             343 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Medical Device Daily

                            November 4, 2002 Monday

Sofamor Danek's Infuse graft attracts interest from surgeons

LENGTH: 1238 words


North American Spine Symposium

Sofamor Danek's Infuse graft attracts interest from surgeons

A Medical Device Daily Staff Report  As expected, much of the early focus at the
17th annual North American Spine Symposium (NASS; LaGrange, Illinois) being held
in Montreal, Quebec, was on Medtronic's (Minneapolis, Minnesota) rollout of
Infuse, minimally invasive spinal techniques in development and artificial disc
replacement.

Results reported on at NASS and published in the Nov. 1 issue of the Journal of
Spinal Disorders and Techniques, revealed that for patients undergoing spinal
fusion surgery for the crippling pain of degenerative disc disease, using a new,
genetically engineered protein instead of bone harvested from their own bodies
yields higher fusion rates.

The study also found that using Medtronic subsidiary Sofamor Danek's (Memphis,
Tennessee) Infuse Bone Graft reduces pain by eliminating the second surgery
associated with the traditional spinal fusion procedure, which is required to
harvest bone from the patient.

The new device, which was given FDA approval this summer (Medical Device Daily,
July 11, 2002), is designed to eliminate the second surgery required to harvest
bone from a patient's hip, as is done in traditional spinal fusion procedures,
which essentially weld two or more vertebrae together to eliminate the pain
caused by a damaged disc in the spine. To fuse the vertebrae together, surgeons
typically insert pieces of the patient's own bone between the vertebrae to
prompt the body to grow new bone.

The study, sponsored by Medtronic, compared the results of 279 patients who
underwent spinal fusion surgery using the Infuse LT-Cage lumbar tapered fusion
device. Among the 143 patients who received the Infuse Bone Graft, 94.5%
achieved solid fusions, compared to 88.7% of the 136 patients who underwent the
traditional procedure.

"The results of our study further support Infuse Bone Graft as a major advance
in spine surgery," said Kenneth Burkus, MD, principal investigator of the study
and a spine surgeon at the Hughston Clinic (Columbus, Georgia). "Unlike
traditional procedures that require a second surgery to harvest the patient's
own bone, this combination of a biological product with a medical device
produced high rates of fusion that could be consistently duplicated.  When you
combine those findings with the elimination of the often painful and disfiguring
harvesting portion of the surgery, it becomes clear that Infuse Bone Graft, used
with the LT-Cage device, is poised to become the new gold standard for spinal
fusions."

The large-scale, multi-center, prospective, randomized, two-year study assessed
the safety, efficacy and therapeutic benefits of Infuse as compared to
traditional autograft procedures. Approximately half of the patients in the
study received autograft bone, and the other half received Infuse.

Infuse Bone Graft contains recombinant human bone morphogenetic protein (rhBMP-2
also called BMP), the genetically engineered version of a naturally occurring
protein that is capable of jump starting bone growth in specific, targeted areas
in the spine. The Infuse is approved for use with the LT-Cage Lumbar Tapered
Fusion Device, although the Infuse graft does not have to be packaged with the
bone graft, opening the door for possible use of existing cages.

To use Infuse, surgeons reconstitute the BMP powder with sterile water and then
apply it to collagen sponges, made by Integra LifeSciences (Plainsboro, New
Jersey). The sponges are inserted inside two cages, which are then implanted
between the vertebrae. The cages stabilize the spine while it is fusing and also
maintain the proper height between the vertebrae.

According to Lynn Pieper, an analyst for Thomas Weisel Partners (San Francisco,
California) who attended the NASS meeting, spine surgeons have shown "widespread
interest and demand for Infuse."

However, she noted that the prohibitive cost - thus far not reimbursed - has
"limited use to date." She estimated that the Infuse could contribute $54
million in revenue in FY03 and $195 million in FY04. The latter number, she
noted, could prove conservative "as patient demand drives more prolific use."
She also said that currently Medtronic has about 43% of the estimated $2.2
billion spine industry and that the Infuse addresses a $525 million market.

There are at least four new studies presented at NASS to support the use of
Infuse Bone Graft in spinal fusion surgery. The research includes a review of
potential new approaches to spinal fusions with rhBMP-2, as well as an economic
analysis of the use of bone morphogenetic proteins in fusions. Several animal
studies regarding the basic science of rhBMP-2, such as research on gene
expression and modulation of bone modeling, are also being presented.

In other news from the NASS meeting:

·ArthroCare (Sunnyvale, California), a medical device company that develops
products based on its patented Coblation technology, said that orthopedic
surgeons and interventional physiatrists who performed some of the first disc
nucleoplasty procedures in the fall of 2000 report sustained symptomatic relief
for their patients.

Disc decompression is proven to treat symptomatic patients with back and/or leg
pain associated with contained herniated discs, the company said. Disc
decompression relieves pressure and typically reduces irritation to surrounding
nerves - and the pain symptoms it causes. Disc nucleoplasty, which uses
ArthroCare's Coblation technology, is a method of minimally invasive
intervertebral disc decompression.

The first disc nucleoplasty procedures were performed in 2000 on more than a
dozen patients in the U.S. According to a study by Lewis Sharps, MD, and
Zacharia Isaac, MD, published in the April 2002 issue of Pain Physician, the
nucleoplasty procedure achieved a success rate of 79% when measured by standard
indexes for patient satisfaction, reduction of symptoms, absence of narcotic use
and return to work.

· Endius (Plainville, Massachusetts), which focuses on endoscopic spine surgery,
demonstrated recently announced FDA-cleared enhancements to its Atavi Atraumatic
Spine Fusion System during the meeting.

The Atavi endoscopic spine fusion system treats patients with serious spine
disorders including stenosis, spondylolisthesis and degenerative disc disease.
According to the company, Atavi is the only single, integrated surgical system
to combine unique access technology, and sophisticated endoscopic visualization
and instrumentation capabilities to enable surgeons to perform a complete
posterolateral lumbar spine fusion - including preparation of the fusion bed,
delivery of bone graft and placement of posterior fixation devices - along with
the ability to place an interbody spinal implant and perform decompression,
endoscopically all through the same access portal.

Recent Endius milestones include the new MiLIF procedure (Minimally Invasive
Lumbar Interbody Fusion), which includes the Endius MiCOR Precision Bone
Allograft, developed in conjunction with TissueNet, and new specialized Atavi
instrumentation

In the coming months, Endius said it would announce additional initiatives that
will further accelerate adoption of Atavi, including expanded surgeon training
programs to support its aggressive rollout of Atavi across the U.S.  More than
225 surgeons are expected to be trained on Atavi by 2003.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                          Copyright 2002 AHC Media LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             344 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     April 13, 1999, Tuesday, Final Edition

THE CUTTING EDGE

SECTION: HEALTH; Pg. Z05; THE CUTTING EDGE

LENGTH: 892 words


YOUNG SMOKERS RISK GREATER DNA DAMAGE

Young smokers incur more severe or persistent DNA damage than adults, placing
them at increased risk of lung cancer, according to a new study.

The study of 143 lung cancer patients measured levels of chemically altered
segments of DNA. Known as DNA adducts, these segments are believed to represent
the first step in the pathway that leads to lung cancer.

This is one of the first studies to pinpoint the age at which smoking begins as
a predictor of smoke-related DNA damage. It was done by researchers at the
University of California at San Francisco (UCSF) and Harvard University in
Boston.

Reporting in last week's Journal of the National Cancer Institute, the research
team said DNA adduct levels were lowest in those lung cancer patients who had
never smoked.

Levels were nearly four times higher in former smokers than in nonsmokers and
eight times higher among current smokers with lung cancer than in nonsmokers
with lung cancer.

All smokers sustain DNA damage to their lungs. The best predictor of such damage
among former smokers is the age at which they began smoking, according to the
study. The highest levels of DNA damage were found in study participants who
began smoking between ages 9 and 12, the researchers reported.

Even when researchers accounted for both the number of years and the number of
cigarettes the participants smoked, the study still found that smoking in
adolescence produced more DNA damage than in adulthood.

"Our finding suggests that young smokers incur more severe or persistent DNA
damage than adults," said John K. Wiencke, associate professor of epidemiology
at UCSF and the study's lead author.

Why the DNA damage is worse in teenagers who smoke is not known.

It may be that smoking in childhood and adolescence produces more physiologic
changes to developing lungs than to more mature adult lungs. This in turn may
set the stage for persistent and elevated DNA damage, he said. Or it could be
that younger smokers are markedly more susceptible to DNA damage than adults.

Even if they quit smoking as adults, the damage may be greater than in those who
don't start smoking until later in life, Weincke said.

--Sally Squires

GENE THERAPY RESEARCH ON ARTERIES, HEMOPHILIA

Promising results from two recent tests of gene therapy in animals suggest that
the new techniques may someday be used to treat human patients who suffer from
blocked arteries or hemophilia.

In one study, researchers at Stanford University's Institute of Bioengineering
and Molecular Medicine reported that a form of gene therapy improved the success
of bypass surgery used to treat blocked arteries in rabbits.

Sections of a leg vein are often used surgically as grafts to bypass such
blockages, but in the first few weeks after surgery, clots can form inside the
grafts, either shutting off blood flow immediately or contributing to graft
failure later.

To remedy this problem, researchers inserted the gene for tissue plasminogen
activator (tPA), a clot-busting drug, into healthy rabbit leg veins before using
the vessels as bypass grafts in rabbits with blocked leg arteries.

Cells in the walls of treated veins churned out tPA for two to four weeks after
surgery, which reduced clotting in grafts by 75 percent, the researchers
reported. Since tPA production occurred only within the graft, the treatment
didn't cause bleeding--an occasional and dangerous side effect of giving tPA
intravenously, according to lead researcher Michael Kuo.

If the procedure works equally well in humans, it could improve long-term
results of bypass grafts in heart surgery and leg surgery, Kuo suggested.

"If you can minimize clot formation early on, you can significantly decrease
problems of long-term clogging," he said.

The results were reported at last month's meeting of the Society of
Cardiovascular and Interventional Radiology.

In another study, scientists at the Salk Institute for Biological Science
successfully treated hemophilia in mice with gene therapy.

The mice suffered from hemophilia B, caused by a defect in the gene for a
blood-clotting protein called factor IX. (Hemophilia A, caused by a defective
gene for a different protein, factor VIII, is the more common form of this
inherited disease.)

Using a modified gene-carrying virus specially designed to infect liver cells
without causing illness, Salk researchers injected the gene for factor IX into
the portal veins of affected mice. (The portal vein supplies blood to the liver,
which makes the body's clotting proteins.)

A single injection of the virus successfully incorporated the gene into liver
cells and corrected the mice's hemophilia for five months, about a quarter of
their lifespan, reported Inder Verma, a professor at the Salk Institute and lead
author of the study.

"If the same could be achieved in people, it would be like curing a hemophiliac
for 20 years with a single shot," Verma said in a statement.

The virus used in the study cannot accommodate the larger gene that would be
needed to correct factor VIII deficiency. Verma's laboratory is developing other
carrier viruses that may be able to do so.

The results of the study were reported in the March 30 issue of the journal
Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.

--Susan Okie

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1999 The Washington Post


                             345 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                 The Tribune-Democrat (Johnstown, Pennsylvania)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           November 4, 2015 Wednesday

Vora, known as Johnstown's 'Bag Lady,' may face 'skin grafts' after suffering
burns

BYLINE: Randy Griffith, The Tribune-Democrat, Johnstown, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 791 words


Nov. 04--A well-known Johnstown homeless woman believes someone tampered with
the propane cylinders on her cooking stove, causing an explosion that has her
recovering in a Pittsburgh burn unit.

Chandan Vora, known by many as Johnstown's "Bag Lady," said she had to use a
different brand of propane for her small stove.

"It was one of the conspirators," Vora said in a telephone interview from the
West Penn Burn Center of Allegheny Health Network in Pittsburgh.

A hospital spokeswoman said Vora was in fair condition at the burn unit Tuesday
afternoon.

"Not too good," Vora said when asked how she was doing.

She was taken to Pittsburgh from Conemaugh Memorial Medical Center, where she
was initially treated Saturday night.

Police say she walked into Kernville Sheetz store at 208 Haynes St. shortly
before 10:30 p.m. Saturday with obvious burns on her hands. Vora said her face
and back are also burned.

Vora said she was heating up some food at a location in the 300 block of Bedford
Street downtown.

She couldn't get the good Coleman brand propane cylinder and had to settle for a
store brand, she noted.

"I walked a half mile to the Sheetz to make sure my brother gets the message
that I've been burned," Vora said. "He and his wife can come to this country and
take care of me like my parents took care of me in 1949 when I was burned."

Vora said this is the fifth time she has been burned, but in the past her
family's gene therapy helped her heal with no scarring.

"They scheduled me for skin grafts (Wednesday)," Vora said on Tuesday. "I don't
know if I want to do skin grafts."

She said she recognizes that the Pittsburgh physicians are experts in their
field.

She expects to be in the hospital for an some time.

"An Italian nurse told me it would be at least until the end of December," Vora
said.

"I'm not doing too well," she continued. "I can't get up without help of
somebody right now. I can't even take a step these days."

Vora has been a familiar sight on Johnstown streets, pushing baby strollers
laden with bags of recyclables and other found items.

"It is not garbage or anything like that," Vora told The Tribune-Democrat in
2011. "It is property that can be used."

Registered with the Immigration Bureau as a resident alien, the native of India
taught at then-St. Francis College in Loretto from 1982-1983, records show.

Vora holds two doctorates in mathematics.

It has been reported the first came in 1973 at Indiana University in
Bloomington, Ind., where her major was topology, a study of properties of
geometric figures.

The second, in statistics, was completed in the early 1980s at Ohio State
University.

From 1973 to 1976, she taught at University of Tehran in Iran.

Vora admits she has been diagnosed with paranoid schizophrenia, but said in 2011
"it was a fabrication." The psychiatrists were part of the conspiracy against
her, she said.

Vora sees opponents at all levels of government, filing numerous lawsuits, often
listing "The Conspirators" among the defendants.

In an email sent last week to city officials, Vora asked for help retrieving her
possessions she believes were removed by contractors demolishing a Swallow Place
structure. She said the stroller and its contents were parked near the structure
because of a mechanical failure.

"When conspirators tampered with my baby cart with tire coming off often, I
could not move the baby cart with my three bags of items like tools, woolen
gloves etc.," Vora wrote, adding there was also a spare stroller that needed
repairs.

News of her injuries brought an outpouring of support this week on social media.

A Facebook page, "A Voice For Dr. Chandan Vora," had more than 800 "likes" by
Tuesday evening. Its post asking for prayers was shared by almost 900 Facebook
users and collected more than 300 comments.

The page administrators said a GoFundMe account may be in the works.

Vora has often sought and received help from the Johnstown Salvation Army. She
spent a month in its former homeless shelter after her Robb Street home was
condemned in 2010.

The Salvation Army is ready to help again, Lt. Ashley Mineard said.

"We will be here to help her with what we can," Mineard said. "We don't push
ourselves on anyone. We take her under our wing and make sure she is fed.

"She is a very strict vegetarian, so we do our best to help meet that need of
hers."

But helping Vora can be a challenge, she added.

"She's very particular about what she wants and how she wants to be helped,"
Mineard said.

Randy Griffith is a multimedia reporter for The Tribune-Democrat. He can be
reached at 532-5057. Follow him on Twitter @PhotoGriffer57.

___ (c)2015 The Tribune-Democrat (Johnstown, Pa.) Visit The Tribune-Democrat
(Johnstown, Pa.) at www.tribune-democrat.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: November 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20151104-JO-Vora-known-as-Johnstown-s-Bag-Lady-may-face-skin-grafts
-after-suffering-burns-1104-20151104

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JO


                      Copyright 2015 The Tribune-Democrat


                             346 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 20, 2013 Thursday

US Patent granted to Scimed Life Systems, Inc. (Minnesota) on June 18 titled as
"Variable length endovascular graft prosthesis adapted to prevent endoleaks"

LENGTH: 246  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 8,465,538 on
June 18, 2013, to Scimed Life Systems, Inc. (Minnesota), titled as "Variable
length endovascular graft prosthesis adapted to prevent endoleaks"

Inventors:  DiMatteo; Kristian J. (Waltham, MA), Thistle; Robert C.
(Bridgewater, MA)
Assignee:  Scimed Life Systems, Inc. (Maple Grove, MN)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
variable length endovascular prosthesis to prevent endoleaks includes a
substantially tubular first graft member having an interior surface, an exterior
surface, and an open end, and a substantially tubular second graft member
engaged coaxially within the first graft member, the second graft member having
a proximal end. The prosthesis further includes a substantially tubular
fluid-tight connecting member attached at one end to the first graft member and
attached at another end to the second graft member, where the connecting member
is axially compressible and expandable to facilitate engagement of the proximal
end of the second graft member within the first graft member while maintaining a
seal between the proximal end of the second graft member and the open end of the
first graft member."

The patent was filed on June 22, 2010 Application no.  12/820,777

For more information please visit: http://www.uspto.gov/. In case of any query
regarding this article or other content needs please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             347 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                           September 20, 2013 Friday

New skin graft method in use at Provo hospital

BYLINE: Sam Penrod Deseret News

LENGTH: 361 words


PROVO ? A new option is available for people with chronic wounds that won't
heal, and it doesn't involve surgery. People with poor circulation, diabetes or
large wounds often need a skin graft to help them heal.

Now a new procedure, which doctors say is not any worse than ripping a Band-Aid
off a thigh, can help skin to grow. Nena Lundgreen was the first patient to
undergo the new treatment at the Utah Valley Regional Medical Center in Provo.
Lundgreen, a BYU graduate student, has been recovering since April after a
climbing accident in Rock Canyon nearly claimed her left foot. A boulder three
times the size of her body came down on the foot, crushing her toes. "There were
more fractures than anyone wanted to tell me," Lundgreen said. Two of her toes
had to be amputated, and a large open wound would not heal. Lundgreen said
doctors told her it would take two years to heal without a skin graft. However,
doctors tried a new option of "epidermal skin graft harvesting" to treat
Lundgreen. Unlike traditional grafts, which slice a patch of skin and then
stretch it out over the wound, this procedure uses suction and heat to remove
skin cells that are then transferred to the wound on a transparent film. "This
takes just a thinner layer of the epidermis, which is essentially the dead outer
layer of the skin that can be laid over the graft and leaves the donor site over
the thigh with little to no scarring and little to no pain at all," said Dr.
Marc Robins of the Wound Care Center at Utah Valley Regional Medical Center. The
skin cells placed on the wound start to grow within a week ? all without
surgery. Lundgreen said the treatment was a success. "The best part is there was
no scarring from the harvest site, because all the other traditional types of
skin grafts, they leave big horrible scars from the donor site," she said. "You
can't hardly even see the mark on my leg at all." The medical center in Provo
has been using this method for the past couple of months and have treated eight
patients so far. A few other hospitals in Utah are also trying the method, and
reports indicate that the results are promising. EMAIL: spenrod@deseretnews.com

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2013 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                             348 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                         GlobalData - Company Overview

                                February 6, 2017

                                   AlloSource

                                6278 S Troy Cir
                                Centennial 80111
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *


   AlloSource is a non-profit medical device company. It promotes human tissue
donation and carries out the processing and distribution of specialized bone and
soft tissue allografts that are used in a number of medical treatments. Its
major products includes osteobiologics grafts, general orthopedic grafts, spinal
grafts, sports medicine grafts, large grafts, specialty grafts, and burn care
and wound care allografts. AlloSource offers more than 200 types of allografts
that are used in clinical applications such as orthopedic, spine, joint
restoration, oral maxillofacial, podiatry, periodontal, urology, cancer, trauma,
and allograft skin. It also undertakes community programs for the improvement of
the process of tissue recovery and support to the donor families. AlloSource is
headquartered in Centennial, Colorado, the US.


* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Business Description                    Company Overview
Company Product Pipeline Analysis       Company Statement
Events                                  History
Investments                             Key Employee Biographies
Key Employees                           Key Facts
Locations and Subsidiaries              Major Products and Services
SWOT Analysis                           Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect .

LOAD-DATE: February 6, 2017


                             349 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                           February 16, 2017 Thursday

Head Line: US Patent granted to W. L. Gore & Associates, Inc. (Delaware) on
February 14, 2017 titled as "Devices and methods for in situ fenestration of a
stent-graft at the site of a branch vessel"

LENGTH: 197 words

DATELINE: New York


ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no.
9,566,149 on February 14, 2017, to W. L. Gore & Associates, Inc. (Delaware)
titled as "Devices and methods for in situ fenestration of a stent-graft at the
site of a branch vessel"

Inventors: Shaw; Edward E. (Flagstaff, AZ)


Assignee: W. L. Gore & Associates, Inc. (Newark, DE) (Delaware)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "The
present disclosure includes a stent-graft comprising a first portion that is
configured to engage a vessel wall, a second portion that is configured not to
engage the vessel wall, and a perfusion window that is configured to permit
blood flow. The stent-graft may further comprise a transition portion between
the first portion and the second portion, and the perfusion window may be formed
in the first portion, the second portion, and/or the transition portion. In a
variety of embodiments, one of the first and the second portion may have a
smaller diameter than the other. Similarly, in a variety of embodiments, the
transition portion may be frustoconically shaped."

The patent was filed on November 1, 2011 Application No. 13/286,980


LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             350 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Daily Star (Oneonta, New York)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             July 2, 2016 Saturday

EDITORIAL: 'Honest graft' gets OK from Supreme Court

BYLINE: The Daily Star, Oneonta, N.Y.

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 548 words


July 02--When it comes to understanding America's relationship with crooked
politicians, it behooves us to consult the writings of an expert. Now, where are
we to find such a maven?

Well, New York, of course, where corruption is the state sport.

Our man is George Washington Plunkitt, 1842-1924, a Tammany Hall bigwig back
when the Tammany Hall political machine set the standard for corruption in New
York City and most of the state.

Mr. Plunkitt got very rich on graft, and made no apologies about it.

Believe it or not, there's a difference, he insisted in a speech, between
dishonest graft and honest graft.

Now, we might think the term "honest graft" is an oxymoron of the first order,
but Plunkitt would strongly disagree if he were still around.

For dishonest graft, one works only in his own interests, he said. Taking honest
graft, however, benefits one's party and state as well as himself.

"I seen my opportunities," Plunkitt famously said, "and I took 'em."

Nearly a century later, two of the most powerful politicians in New York state
saw their opportunities, and "took 'em," too. They went to trial, were
convicted, forced out of the Legislature and -- thanks to a Supreme Court ruling
this week that would have pleased Plunkitt enormously -- will probably never see
the inside of a prison cell.

We're referring to Democrat Sheldon Silver, a former longtime speaker of the
Assembly, and Republican Dean Skelos, who ruled the state Senate as its leader.

Silver had a scheme that earned -- although that's probably the wrong word for
it -- about $4 million in bribes and kickbacks disguised as legal fees. Skelos
and his son Adam conspired to trade legislative treats for personal and
political benefits.

Just to show that not all corrupt politicians come from New York, former
Virginia Gov. Bob McDonnell -- convicted along with his wife of using his
position on behalf of someone who gave them $177,000 in loans, vacations and
gifts -- was the subject of a decision Monday that will likely result in Skelos
and Silver receiving "get out of jail free" cards.

The Supreme Court unanimously vacated McDonnell's public corruption conviction.
It seems that it is rather difficult for the highest court in the land to
determine what is corrupt and what is just "politics as usual." For instance,
big contributors have always been rewarded with ambassadorships by grateful
presidents after elections, so where exactly should the line be drawn?

Silver's attorneys said in a statement that what the Supreme Court did "makes
clear that the federal government has gone too far in prosecuting state
officials for conduct that is part of the everyday functioning of those in
elected office."

The "everyday functioning of those in elected office?"

Isn't that awful? Isn't that sad? Is this how low expectations have sunk for
those on the public payroll?

Silver, Skelos and McDonnell have been disgraced. They have violated the public
trust, and yet, based on the decision Monday, what they have done it's not
considered worthy of punishment.

Silver and Skelos will almost certainly file successful revised motions for bail
pending appeal.

"Honest graft," indeed.

___ (c)2016 The Daily Star (Oneonta, N.Y.) Visit The Daily Star (Oneonta, N.Y.)
at www.thedailystar.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: July 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160702-OY-EDITORIAL-Honest-graft
-gets-OK-from-Supreme-Court-0702-20160702

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OY


                         Copyright 2016 The Daily Star


                             351 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                          February 22, 2017 Wednesday

Head Line: US Patent granted to C.R. Bard, Inc. (New Jersey) on February 21,
2017 titled as "Self-sealing PTFE graft with kink resistance"

LENGTH: 214 words

DATELINE: New York


ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no.
9,572,654 on February 21, 2017, to C.R. Bard, Inc. (New Jersey) titled as
"Self-sealing PTFE graft with kink resistance"

Inventors: Edwin; Tarun J. (Shah Alam, MY), Abbott; Jamie (Fort Edward, NY),
Cole; Heidi R. (Phoenix, AZ), Pathak; Chandrashekhar P. (Phoenix, AZ), Bogert;
David L. (Labelle, FL), Elton; Richard (Queensbury, NY
Assignee: C.R. Bard, Inc. (Murray Hill, NJ) (New Jersey)



According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
self-sealing vascular graft, including a substrate with a sealant layer and
several optional additional layers, is described. The substrate can be ePTFE and
the material used for the sealant and additional layers can be polyurethane. The
sealant layer and additional layers may include one or more base layers, one or
more foam layers, beading of different sizes and shapes, and ePTFE tape. A
flared cuff may be integral to one or both ends of the substrate or may be
attached to one or both ends. Various methods of making a self-sealing vascular
graft are also described, including methods of disposition, methods of forming,
methods of bonding and methods of attaching."

The patent was filed on November 14, 2012 Application No. 13/677,165


LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             352 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                              GlobalData - Events

                                 March 8, 2017

                         Epidarex Capital Partners LLC

                        Suite 1210, 7910 Woodmont Avenue
                                 Bethesda 20814
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * EVENTS * * * * * * * * * *


UK based medical device company announces two new patents granted by the US
Patent and Trademark Office

   Jan 27, 2017

   SIRAKOSS Ltd., a UK-based medical device company developing innovative bone
grafting solutions for the $3 billion global orthopaedic market, has announced
that the United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) has granted two
patents for its bone graft technologies. SIRAKOSSâ[#x20ac][#x2dc] patent
portfolio encompasses advanced synthetic bone graft technologies which form the
company's product pipeline designed to address the significant clinical need for
a fully-synthetic, standalone bone void filler. SIRAKOSS' technologies provide
consistently effective bone regeneration without the established risks found by
using either autograft or therapeutics-based products such as BMP's.The two new
granted patents are important additions to SIRAKOSS&rsquointellectual property
estate and significantly enhance the company&rsquos technology and product
pipeline.&nbspPatent US 9,492,591 describes novel formulations of putty
products, where the SIRAKOSS core technology may be combined with modified
resorbable polymer carriers to produce a bone graft with improved handling
characteristics and enhanced efficacy. The second patent (US 9,492,585)
describes a range of bone graft technologies with specific microstructural
properties that expands the potential products that SIRAKOSS can develop. These
two new patents add to SIRAKOSS&rsquorobust existing granted patents in Europe,
Japan, Australia and China, and to the company&rsquos core IP estate in the USA,
Japan and Australia.&nbsp&nbsp&nbspThese patent grants occur as SIRAKOSS is
advancing the development of its lead technology in Europe toward market. The
company&rsquos proprietary technology is entirely synthetic, containing no human
tissue and can be manufactured in consistent, high quality batches.&nbspSurgeon
feedback on pre-clinical performance data and handling properties of the
SIRAKOSS bone graft substitutes, when compared to currently available products,
has been very encouraging. The alternative approach against which all other
options are measured is autograft &ndashthe &lsquogold standard&rsquo- where
healthy bone is harvested from the patient&rsquos hip and replanted at the
defect site. The amount of bone that is available for grafting is limited,
particularly in children, and requires two invasive operative procedures,
increasing the risk for the patient and the cost for the hospital.&nbspOther
alternatives have seen products derived from cadaver bone, but these can be
inconsistent in their performance. Brian Butchart, CEO of SIRAKOSS, said
&ldquoThe granting of these two patents endorses the breadth of our technology
and provides SIRAKOSS further protection for its unique product offerings in the
largest single market for bone graft substitutes.&rdquo Investor director,
Sinclair Dunlop, Managing Partner at Epidarex Capital, said &ldquothis welcome
expansion of SIRAKOSS&rsquoglobal IP estate furthers the competitiveness of the
company&rsquos core technology and its potential for meeting a large market,
driven by patient needs&rdquo Synthetic bone grafts are used in trauma, spinal
and dental surgery to fuse bones together to correct congenital or degenerative
conditions (such as curvature of the spine) or following a traumatic injury
where the bone fails to heal.
* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Company Overview                        Events
Financial Ratios                        Key Operational Employees
Key Employees                           Key Facts
Locations and Subsidiaries              Major Products and Services
Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2017


                             353 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 17, 2014 Wednesday

USPTO Published Patent application of Cook Medical Technologies LLC titled as
"Implantable Graft to Close a Fistula"

LENGTH: 168  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an application no.
20140257376, published on September 11, 2014, by Cook Medical Technologies LLC,
titled as "Implantable Graft to Close a Fistula" for the registration of patent.

Inventors:   Armstrong; David N.; (Atlanta, GA)
Assignee:   Cook Medical Technologies LLC
Bloomington
IN

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "An
implantable graft, which may be inserted into a fistula tract to occlude the
primary opening of the fistula, is provided. The graft may have a curved,
generally conical shape with a trumpet-like head end that continuously tapers to
a smaller tail end. The graft may be an integral unit made of a single material,
such as a heterograft material. Methods of closing single and multiple fistulae
are also provided."

The Patent was filed on May 20, 2014 under application No. 20140257376

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             354 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 17, 2014 Wednesday

USPTO Published Patent application of Cook Medical Technologies LLC titled as
"Implantable Graft to Close a Fistula"

LENGTH: 168  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an application no.
20140257376, published on September 11, 2014, by Cook Medical Technologies LLC,
titled as "Implantable Graft to Close a Fistula" for the registration of patent.

Inventors:   Armstrong; David N.; (Atlanta, GA)
Assignee:   Cook Medical Technologies LLC
Bloomington
IN

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "An
implantable graft, which may be inserted into a fistula tract to occlude the
primary opening of the fistula, is provided. The graft may have a curved,
generally conical shape with a trumpet-like head end that continuously tapers to
a smaller tail end. The graft may be an integral unit made of a single material,
such as a heterograft material. Methods of closing single and multiple fistulae
are also provided."

The Patent was filed on May 20, 2014 under application No. 20140257376

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             355 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Medical Device Daily

                           February 16, 2010 Tuesday

Product Briefs

LENGTH: 250 words


&bull; BSD Medical (Salt Lake City) reports initiation of a randomized,
multicenter Phase III clinical study using the BSD-2000 Hyperthermia System in
combination with chemotherapy for the treatment of pancreatic cancer patients
after R0/R1 surgical resection of their tumor (complete removal or only
microscopic tumor remaining). The study will compare hyperthermia with
chemotherapy (gemcitabine) to chemotherapy (gemcitabine) alone. BSD Medical is
makes systems used to deliver precision-focused microwave/RF energy to diseased
sites in the body, including cancer. Its treatments are used to kill cancer
directly and increase the effectiveness of companion radiation treatments for
certain tumors. The BSD-2000 is restricted to investigational use in the U.S.

&bull; C. R. Bard (Murray Hill, New Jersey) reported the publication of trial
results by The New England Journal of Medicine showing the Bard Flair
endovascular stent graft maintains the patency of dialysis access grafts more
effectively than balloon angioplasty alone. It is the first prospective study to
demonstrate the superiority of a new therapy over balloon angioplasty for
hemodialysis patients who experience stenoses, or narrowing, where the graft
connects with a vein, that can limit blood flow and lead to ineffective dialysis
treatment. The Flair endovascular stent graft is an FDA-approved interventional
implant technology for use in the treatment of stenoses at the venous
anastomosis of ePTFE or other synthetic AV grafts.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                          Copyright 2010 AHC Media LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             356 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Medical Device Daily

                           February 16, 2010 Tuesday

Product Briefs

LENGTH: 250 words


&bull; BSD Medical (Salt Lake City) reports initiation of a randomized,
multicenter Phase III clinical study using the BSD-2000 Hyperthermia System in
combination with chemotherapy for the treatment of pancreatic cancer patients
after R0/R1 surgical resection of their tumor (complete removal or only
microscopic tumor remaining). The study will compare hyperthermia with
chemotherapy (gemcitabine) to chemotherapy (gemcitabine) alone. BSD Medical is
makes systems used to deliver precision-focused microwave/RF energy to diseased
sites in the body, including cancer. Its treatments are used to kill cancer
directly and increase the effectiveness of companion radiation treatments for
certain tumors. The BSD-2000 is restricted to investigational use in the U.S.

&bull; C. R. Bard (Murray Hill, New Jersey) reported the publication of trial
results by The New England Journal of Medicine showing the Bard Flair
endovascular stent graft maintains the patency of dialysis access grafts more
effectively than balloon angioplasty alone. It is the first prospective study to
demonstrate the superiority of a new therapy over balloon angioplasty for
hemodialysis patients who experience stenoses, or narrowing, where the graft
connects with a vein, that can limit blood flow and lead to ineffective dialysis
treatment. The Flair endovascular stent graft is an FDA-approved interventional
implant technology for use in the treatment of stenoses at the venous
anastomosis of ePTFE or other synthetic AV grafts.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                          Copyright 2010 AHC Media LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             357 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                           December 13, 2016 Tuesday

Head Line: US Patent granted to Neograft Technologies, Inc. (Massachusetts) on
December 13, 2016 titled as "Graft apparatus"

LENGTH: 253 words

DATELINE: New York


ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no.
9,517,069 on December 13, 2016, to Neograft Technologies, Inc. (Massachusetts)
titled as "Graft apparatus"

Inventors: Zilla; Peter P. (Cape Town, ZA), Rafiee; Nasser (Andover, MA),
Bezuidenhout; Deon (Cape Town, ZA), Franz; Thomas (Devils Peak, ZA), Yeoman;
Mark (East Sussex, GB), Bowles; Hellmut C. (Bloubergrant, Z
Assignee: Neograft Technologies, Inc. (Taunton, MA) (Massachusetts)



According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office:
"Stents and methods of using stents are provided. Stents of the invention
provide external support structure for a blood vessel segment disposed within,
wherein the stents are capable of resilient radial expansion in a manner
mimicking the compliance properties of an artery. The stent may be formed of a
knitted or braided mesh formed so as to provide the needed compliance
properties. A venous graft with the stent and a vein segment disposed within is
provided, wherein graft is capable of mimicking the compliance properties of an
artery. Methods of selecting stents for downsizing and methods of using the
stents of the invention in downsizing and smoothening are provided. Methods of
replacing a section of an artery with a venous graft including a stent of the
invention are provided. Methods of reducing intimal hyperplasia in implanted
vein segment in a venous graft using stents of the invention are provided."

The patent was filed on July 31, 2014 Application No. 14/448,694


LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             358 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                           November 9, 2016 Wednesday

Head Line: US Patent granted to Cook Medical Technologies LLC (Indiana) on
November 8, 2016 titled as "Pre-loaded multiport delivery device"

LENGTH: 258 words

DATELINE: New York


ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no.
9,486,343 on November 8, 2016, to Cook Medical Technologies LLC (Indiana) titled
as "Pre-loaded multiport delivery device"

Inventors: Greenberg; Roy K. (Bratenahl, OH), Ivancev; Krasnodar (London, GB),
Hartley; David Ernest (Wannanup, AU), Ducke; Werner D. (Queensland, AU),
Rasmussen; Erik (Slagelse, DK)


Assignee: Cook Medical Technologies LLC (Bloomington, IN) (Indiana)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
pre-loaded stent graft delivery device and stent graft, the stent graft delivery
device. The stent graft has at least one fenestration or side arm and the
fenestration is preloaded with an indwelling guide wire. Indwelling access
sheaths are provided within auxiliary lumens of a pusher catheter and dilators
are preloaded into the access sheaths along with the indwelling guide wire. A
handle assembly at a distal end of the guide wire catheter. The handle includes
a multiport manifold with access ports to the auxiliary lumens in the pusher
catheter. Upon deployment of the stent graft into the vasculature of a patient,
the indwelling guide wire can be used to facilitate cathertization of a side
branch or target vessel through the fenestration or be used to stabilize the
access sheath during catheterization, advancement of the access sheath into the
target vessel and deployment of a covered or uncovered stent therein through the
access sheath."

The patent was filed on April 28, 2014 Application No. 14/263,633


LOAD-DATE: November 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             359 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 17, 2015 Tuesday

USPTO Published Patent application of GLOBUS MEDICAL, INC titled as "Graft
Delivery System and Methods Thereof"

LENGTH: 192  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an application no.
20150045889, published on February 12, 2015, by GLOBUS MEDICAL, INC, titled as "
Graft Delivery System and Methods Thereof" for the registration of patent.

Inventors:  Klimek; Jennifer; (King of Prussia, PA) ; Adams; Allison;
(Philadelphia, PA) ; Laskowitz; Daniel; (Lancaster, PA)
Assignee:       GLOBUS MEDICAL, INC
Audubon
PA
US

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "The
present invention relates to minimally invasive graft delivery systems and
devices. The systems and devices provide a means to deliver graft material
minimally invasively, such as to a spacer within a disc space. A particular
system can include a cannula, a syringe and an extrusion tool. The extrusion
tool can be used to extrude material from the cannula and syringe, and can have
multiple modes of operation to accommodate the extrusion of materials of
different viscocities."

The Patent was filed on August 5, 2014 under application No. 20150045889

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             360 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 17, 2015 Tuesday

USPTO Published Patent application of GLOBUS MEDICAL, INC titled as "Graft
Delivery System and Methods Thereof"

LENGTH: 192  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an application no.
20150045889, published on February 12, 2015, by GLOBUS MEDICAL, INC, titled as "
Graft Delivery System and Methods Thereof" for the registration of patent.

Inventors:  Klimek; Jennifer; (King of Prussia, PA) ; Adams; Allison;
(Philadelphia, PA) ; Laskowitz; Daniel; (Lancaster, PA)
Assignee:       GLOBUS MEDICAL, INC
Audubon
PA
US

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "The
present invention relates to minimally invasive graft delivery systems and
devices. The systems and devices provide a means to deliver graft material
minimally invasively, such as to a spacer within a disc space. A particular
system can include a cannula, a syringe and an extrusion tool. The extrusion
tool can be used to extrude material from the cannula and syringe, and can have
multiple modes of operation to accommodate the extrusion of materials of
different viscocities."

The Patent was filed on August 5, 2014 under application No. 20150045889

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             361 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                     Marin Independent Journal (Marin, CA)

                             June 17, 2003 Tuesday

Guidant to stop producing device

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 343 words


Aortic graft associated with 12 deaths

Aortic graft associated with 12 deaths

Aortic graft associated with 12 deaths

INDIANAPOLIS - A subsidiary of medical device manufacturer Guidant Corp. is
ending production of an aortic abdominal graft, only days after the unit pleaded
guilty to criminal charges for covering up problems involving the product that
may have led to 12 deaths.

The guilty plea spawned at least two competing lawsuits against Guidant seeking
class-action status for those injured by the device or from relatives of loved
ones who died. But in a hearing later this month regarding nine pending injury
and wrongful death cases against Guidant, the Indianapolis medical-device maker
will ask a California federal judge to toss the suits.

Guidant's argument: Notwithstanding that it admitted in criminal court to
hoodwinking the FDA about the safety of the Ancure system, it is contending in
civil court that it is immune to lawsuits under California product liability
laws because the FDA approved the device in 1999.

Endovascular Technologies Inc., a subsidiary of Indianapolis-based Guidant,
pleaded guilty to 10 felonies last week involving its Ancure "stent-graft"
device, including shipping misbranded products and making false statements to
government regulators.

Endovascular faces $92.4 million in federal penalties for actions surrounding
the device.

Guidant officials said yesterday that Menlo Park-based Endovascular would
continue to ship the device and provide support to patients until October. The
company then will cease ongoing operations other than continuing to provide
long-term services for patients who have received the device.

The problems with the device, used during operations to treat abdominal aortic
aneurysms, were resolved after the device was voluntarily recalled in March 2001
and before it was reintroduced five months later, the company said.

The device, inserted through the groin, was designed to let doctors patch the
aneurysm without requiring risky surgery to open the abdomen.

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

    Copyright 2003 Marin Independent Journal, a MediaNews Group publication


                             362 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 6, 2014 Thursday

US Patent granted to Trivascular, Inc (California) on March 04 titled as
"Asymmetric stent apparatus and method"

LENGTH: 172  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 8,663,309, on
March 04, 2014, to Trivascular, Inc (California), titled as "Asymmetric stent
apparatus and method"

Inventors:  Chobotov; Michael V. (Santa Rosa, CA)

Assignee:  Trivascular, Inc. (Santa Rosa, CA)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
stent-graft system comprising a graft member and a stent having a connection end
interconnected with the graft member and a free end opposed thereto. The stent
includes a plurality of struts extending between the connection end and the free
end and at least two of the struts having different lengths such that the free
end has a nonuniform profile. A method of securing at least one end of a stent-
graft within a vessel is also provided."

The patent was filed on September 26, 2007 Application no.  11/861,828

For more information please visit: http://www.uspto.gov/. In case of any query
regarding this article or other content needs please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             363 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            The Times (South Africa)

                             June 12, 2012 Tuesday

Pippie 'doing well' after skin graft

BYLINE: Katharine Child

SECTION: HEALTH

LENGTH: 392 words


Pippie 'doing well' after skin graft THREE-year-old burn victim Isabella
"Pippie" Kruger, who underwent an advanced skin graft procedure last night, was
responding well, her doctor said. Plastic surgeon Dr Ridwan Mia, who performed
the operation at Netcare Garden City Hospital in Johannesburg, said it went
"very smoothly". The toddler, who was severely burnt in December, became the
first South African to receive the treatment, in which her own skin was grown in
a laboratory in Boston, US. Mia said Pippie's heart and lungs functioned well
during the operation.

"Her wounds were clean. I am quite pleased. Let's hope she stays strong." Fewer
than 1 000 people have had the operation that Pippie underwent. Eighty percent
of her body was burnt when a gel firelighter exploded in her father's hands
while he was lighting a braai fire. Mia said much of Pippie's skin was damaged,
making it difficult for doctors to take skin from one part of her body and graft
it onto the burned area. Three weeks ago, doctors sent two skin grafts measuring
2cmx6cm to the US, where they were multiplied into 41 sheets of 50cmx50cm -
enough skin to cover her body. Dr Sven Kili of Sanofi, the company that grew the
skin, flew into South Africa yesterday to assist with the operation. He said it
would save Pippie years of operations. Pippie has spent the past six months in
the hospital's intensive care unit and even celebrated her third birthday with a
party in hospital on Saturday. A few hours before the operation, her mother,
Anice Kruger, said: "I am beyond excited. I feel like I am gonna pop." Kili said
only about 100 to 150 patients worldwide have had the operation each year as it
was very expensive even though the arm of the company that grew the skin did not
make a profit. "It is personalised medical care at its best." The total cost of
Pippie's skin was almost R730000. The cost of transporting the skin alone was
R250000 as it was brought by a courier on a plane and even had its own seat.
This is because the skin has to be used within 24 hours of leaving the
laboratory and remain in similar laboratory-type conditions while being
transported. Kili said the skin grafted onto Pippie's body was about four cells
thick. The skin on a person's hand is about 500 cells thick. Doctors will know
in seven to 10 days if the skin has grown onto Pippie's body.

LOAD-DATE: June 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: The Times


                         Copyright 2012 AVUSA Media LTD
                              All Rights Reserved


                             364 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Press Democrat, Santa Rosa, Calif.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 21, 2010 Tuesday

BRIEF: TriVascular's stent graft gets European approval

BYLINE: Steve Hart, The Press Democrat, Santa Rosa, Calif.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 252 words


Sept. 21--Santa Rosa medical technology startup TriVascular Inc. has received
European regulatory approval for its first product, a system for repairing
abdominal aortic aneurysms, it said Tuesday.

The Ovation Abdominal Stent Graft is designed to fit a broad range of patients,
the company said.

"Commercial approval for Ovation is a huge milestone for our organization," said
Michael Chobotov, TriVascular's CEO. "As we invest in our international team,
what excites me most is the prospect of bringing advanced technology to
physicians and patients."

Abdominal aortic aneurysms are bulges in the aorta that can rupture, causing
internal bleeding and death.

TriVascular's Ovation abdominal stent graft is a small, tubelike
metal-and-fabric device that is snaked through a patient's artery and implanted
at the aneurysm site. It reinforces the weak spot and lets blood flow normally.

TriVascular has about 260 employees in Santa Rosa and plans to add 100 workers
over the next year as it begins commercial production, marketing and sales, the
company said.

To see more of The Press Democrat, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.pressdemocrat.com. Copyright (c) 2010, The Press Democrat, Santa
Rosa, Calif. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail
services@mctinfoservices.com, or call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States,
call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100921-UR-BRF-TriVascular-s-stent-graft
-gets-European-approval-0921-20100921

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UR


                                 Copyright 2010


                             365 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 7, 2015 Saturday

US Patent granted to ArthroCare Corporation (Texas) on March 3 titled as "ACL
implants, instruments, and methods"

LENGTH: 237  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 8,968,402, on
March 3, 2015, to ArthroCare Corporation (Texas), titled as "ACL implants,
instruments, and methods"

Inventors:  Myers; Thomas H (Marietta, GA), Lorang; Douglas M. (San Jose, CA),
Lewis; Chad W. (Layton, UT), Selvik; Eric (Austin, TX), Rodriguez; Christopher
(Costa Mesa, CA), White; George W. (Corona, CA), Amador, Jr.; Luis
(Pflugerville, TX)
Assignee:  ArthroCare Corporation (Austin, TX)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office:
"Systems for single tunnel, double bundle anterior cruciate ligament
reconstruction include implant constructs and instruments. The implant
constructs provide a combination of cortical fixation and bone tunnel aperture
fixation. The implant constructs separate a graft into distinct bundles. The
instruments are used to prepare shaped bone tunnels to receive the implant
constructs and graft bundles. The instruments are also used to exercise and
insert the ligament graft constructs. Methods for reconstructing the
antero-medial and postero-lateral bundles of the anterior cruciate ligament may
rely on a single femoral tunnel, single or double tibial tunnels, and one or
more ligament grafts."

The patent was filed on October 18, 2012 Application no. 13/655,186

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             366 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 7, 2015 Saturday

US Patent granted to ArthroCare Corporation (Texas) on March 3 titled as "ACL
implants, instruments, and methods"

LENGTH: 237  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 8,968,402, on
March 3, 2015, to ArthroCare Corporation (Texas), titled as "ACL implants,
instruments, and methods"

Inventors:  Myers; Thomas H (Marietta, GA), Lorang; Douglas M. (San Jose, CA),
Lewis; Chad W. (Layton, UT), Selvik; Eric (Austin, TX), Rodriguez; Christopher
(Costa Mesa, CA), White; George W. (Corona, CA), Amador, Jr.; Luis
(Pflugerville, TX)
Assignee:  ArthroCare Corporation (Austin, TX)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office:
"Systems for single tunnel, double bundle anterior cruciate ligament
reconstruction include implant constructs and instruments. The implant
constructs provide a combination of cortical fixation and bone tunnel aperture
fixation. The implant constructs separate a graft into distinct bundles. The
instruments are used to prepare shaped bone tunnels to receive the implant
constructs and graft bundles. The instruments are also used to exercise and
insert the ligament graft constructs. Methods for reconstructing the
antero-medial and postero-lateral bundles of the anterior cruciate ligament may
rely on a single femoral tunnel, single or double tibial tunnels, and one or
more ligament grafts."

The patent was filed on October 18, 2012 Application no. 13/655,186

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             367 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                             April 8, 1988, Friday

RESEARCH INDUSTRIES GETS ARTIFICIAL BLOOD VESSEL TECHNOLOGY FROM VASCULAR

BYLINE: Journal of Commerce Staff

SECTION: CHEMICALS/PLASTICS, Pg. 13B

LENGTH: 263 words

DATELINE: SALT LAKE CITY


Research Industries Corp.'s medical subsidiary has acquired the assets to
develop and manufacture a proprietary copolyurethane blood vessel, or vascular
graft, from Vascular International Inc.

Based upon completed animal tests, the Food & Drug Administration has authorized
the company to begin human testing of this man-made, small diameter vascular
graft. If approved for market by the FDA, the product would be the first
polyurethane replacement device for damaged vessels under 7mm in iameter.

The small diameter blood vessel technology was acquired with an initial payment
of approximately $ 450,000 in cash and stock with additional estimated payments
of $ 1.8 million to be paid to Vascular upon FDA approval to market artificial
blood vessels utilizing the acquired technology.

Royalties will be paid to Vascular and the University of Utah, where human will
be performed.

Gary Crocker, president of Research Industries, said, The FDA has already
authorized the implantation of peripheral (lower leg) vascular grafts in humans
utilizing this patented technology.

Research Industries, a manufacturer and marketer of cardiovascular disposables,
nerve repair implants and specialty pharmaceuticals, estimates the U.S. market
potential for the peripheral graft alone at approximately $ 350 million.

Mr. Crocker noted that the patented small diameter vascular graft would address
large existing markets in both vascular and cardiovascular medicine, with
approximately 225,000 peripheral grafts and 800,000 coronary grafts annually in
the United States.

LOAD-DATE: January 7, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1988 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                             368 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Medical Device Daily

                          September 18, 2003 Thursday

Significant new data, product rollouts continue at rapid pace

LENGTH: 1119 words


TCT notebook

Significant new data, product rollouts continue at rapid pace

A Medical Device Daily Staff Report  WASHINGTON - The frenetic pace of discovery
at the 15th annual Transcatheter Cardiovascular Therapeutics (TCT) Symposium
continues, with additional important presentations by physicians in the
cardiology field from around the world. The high-energy atmosphere appears ready
to carry on through to tomorrow, when the meeting concludes at the Washington
Convention Center, although participants have their eye on the pending arrival
of Hurricane Isabel along the mid-Atlantic states.

Spectranetics (Colorado Springs, Colorado) unveiled results from the CORAL LAKE
registry, a single-center, retrospective registry that studied the use of its
excimer laser for the treatment of degenerated saphenous vein grafts at the
conference.

The registry yielded an acute procedural success rate of 98% and an acute major
adverse cardiac event (MACE) rate of 5%.

CORAL LAKE included 119 patients treated with the excimer laser at Lakeland
Regional Medical Center (Lakeland, Florida), by Douglas Ebersole, MD, and other
interventional cardiologists at the hospital. The goal of the registry was to
quantify acute outcomes in saphenous vein grafts after excimer laser treatment,
as evidenced by procedural success and MACE events. Procedural success was
defined as having a final residual stenosis less than 50% of the original
stenosis.

Randomized clinical trials have shown that treatment of saphenous vein grafts
with traditional therapies such as balloons and stents result in 30-day MACE
events approaching 20%. The 30-day MACE rate shown in randomized trials with
traditional catheter-based therapies plus embolic protection devices has been
reduced to approximately 10%. A key contributing factor to MACE events is distal
embolization, or the dislodging of plaque, thrombus, or other atherosclerotic
debris that can form blockages elsewhere in the vascular system.

"The findings of Dr. Ebersole's registry further supports our belief that the
excimer laser can benefit patients with blocked bypass grafts," said John
Schulte, president and chief executive officer of Spectranetics. "This is
encouraging, as it supports our multi-center clinical registry that is already
under way at 12 hospitals in the U.S. This larger CORAL [COronary graft Results
following Atherectomy with Laser] registry is a 250 patient study that also will
be documenting the ability of the excimer laser to successfully treat diseased
saphenous vein grafts."

Treating blocked saphenous vein bypass grafts is one of Spectranetics' seven
FDA-approved indications within the coronary vascular system.

In other TCT news:

· Raoul Bonan, MD, an interventional cardiologist at the Montreal Heart
Institute (Montreal, Quebec), will present results of his mild hypothermia
safety and feasibility study today at the conference.

The study was designed to demonstrate the safety and feasibility of rapidly
inducing hypothermia using a non-invasive approach. His lecture, titled
"Non-invasive Surface Cooling to Induce Systemic Hypothermia," will be presented
at 5:55 p.m. EDT in Room 202B of the Washington Convention Center during the
Innovative Devices and Futuristic Therapies Symposium.

Bonan's study was sponsored by Medivance (Louisville, Colorado) and used the
Arctic Sun 2000 Temperature Management System, which Medivance unveiled earlier
in the week.

"The early initiation of mild hypothermia as an adjunctive treatment in heart
attack can be done non-invasively, safely, comfortably and rapidly upon arrival
to the emergency room to potentially reduce damage to the heart muscle," said
Bonan. "I am excited about the success of the feasibility study with this new
non-invasive device and believe it will enable cooling therapy for a significant
patient population."

Based on the initial safety and feasibility results of this study, Medivance
said it plans to initiate a larger U.S.-based feasibility study - the Chill-ER
Study - that begins next month. That five-center study will focus on the safety,
feasibility and potential benefits of the early initiation of cooling.

Medivance is developer of therapeutic temperature management solutions.

· Toshiba America Medical Systems (TAMS; Tustin, California) is showcasing the
company's latest technology advancements for the Infinix Dual Plane i-Series
(DP-i) system on the TCT exhibit floor.

Designed for cardiologists seeking the best technology for interventional
cardiovascular procedures, the Infinix DP-i imaging system offers traditional
cardiac imaging as well as traditional peripheral imaging in one room. The Dual
Plane design allows one C-arm with a 9" image intensifier to be dedicated to
cardiac and the second C-arm with a 16" image intensifier to be dedicated to
peripheral procedures. Both the 9" and 16" image intensifiers can be upgraded to
flat panel detectors. These are field upgrades at the component level.

"We are dedicated to delivering innovative technology that enhances the
usability and accuracy of cardiac and angio procedures," said Don Volz, director
of Toshiba's Vascular X-ray Business Unit. "With the Infinix DP-i system,
cardiologists can obtain extremely high-quality diagnostic information for
quick, accurate diagnosis of cardiac and peripheral vascular diseases and
disorders."

Built on a PC platform with dual Pentium processors that offer subcomponent
communication, the Infinix DP-i system was designed to meet the demands of the
industry by providing greater throughput and productivity. This completely new
system architecture permits real-time processing of fluoro and recorded images
and at the same time background transfers images to the network. The real-time
processing is more sophisticated than its previous system, the company said,
giving the user additional low dose settings without compromising image quality.
With synchronis frame rate selection, dose mod selection and digital zoom
fluoro, users can reduce dose by more than 80%.

The Infinix DP-i system includes a high-performance liquid-metal bearing X-ray
tube designed to meet the toughest clinical demands. The liquid-metal bearing
X-ray tube provides anti-abrasion performance for a long tube life. Its 3.0 MHU
X-ray tube anode heat-capacity rating is the industry's highest, Toshiba said.
This anode rating virtually eliminates overheating and ensures high patient
throughput. Additionally, a triple-focus design provides small focal spot
redundancy for what the company terms "fail-safe cardiac imaging." And the quiet
operating design of the liquid bearing permits clear communication in the
examination room among the physician, staff and patient.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                          Copyright 2003 AHC Media LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             369 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                            January 5, 2017 Thursday

Head Line: US Patent granted to SPINAL U.S.A on January 3, 2017 titled as
"Anterior lumbar interbody graft inserter"

LENGTH: 94 words

DATELINE: New York


ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no.
9,532,813 on January 3, 2017, to SPINAL U.S.A titled as "Anterior lumbar
interbody graft inserter"

Inventors: Barrett; Pat (Jackson, MS)
Assignee: SPINAL U.S.A. (Pearl, MS)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "An
anterior lumbar interbody graft (ALIG) inserter includes prongs at the tip of
the inserter which can optionally grasp, and thus insert, anterior and
anterior-lateral grafts."

The patent was filed on July 23, 2013 Application No. 13/948,427



LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             370 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Irish Times

                             June 26, 2012 Tuesday

Cloned skin graft a success

SECTION: HEALTH; News Focus; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 617 words


A three-year-old South African girl who suffered third-degree burns all over her
body is set to recover after a revolutionary cloned skin graft operation, writes
BILL CORCORANin Cape Town

THE SOUTH African parents of a toddler who suffered 80 per cent burns to her
body were given the news they craved last week when doctors confirmed the rare
skin graft surgery performed on their daughter was a success.

Isabella  Pippie  Kruger was given little chance of survival after she suffered
third-degree burns last New Year s Eve to most of her body when a container of
lighter fluid her father was holding while at a barbecue exploded, covering her
from head to toe.

The three-year-old was admitted to a Johannesburg hospital where, for several
months, her injuries left her battling pneumonia and kidney failure.

She also suffered several cardiac arrests before she was considered stable
enough to undergo the groundbreaking surgery.

The skin graft procedure used on the child has been performed in the US and
Europe in the past, but never before in Africa.

However, on Monday last week doctors confirmed the vast majority of the 41
sheets of skin grown for the child from two small grafts of her own skin   which
had been protected from the lighter fluid by her nappy   and stapled to her body
had attached as they had hoped.

Overall we can say it s a success,  plastic surgeon Dr Ridwan Mia told
reporters, before adding there were only isolated islands on the little girl s
body that had yet to attach properly following the surgery that took place a
week earlier.

Aside from being the first person in Africa to have her own skin grown
artificially for her in a laboratory in the US, the local doctors said the child
is also the first to have survived such severe burns in South Africa.

The day she was admitted to hospital, doctors told her parents she would not
survive; after the first 24 hours they gave her a 10 per cent chance of pulling
through.

The breakthrough surgery is of huge importance to all South Africans given it is
estimated that more than 15,000 children in the country, predominately from
poorer areas, suffer serious burn injuries each year due to the use of candles,
paraffin stoves and open fires.

When doctors decided that the skin graft surgery was a viable option, skin
samples from Isabella were sent to Genzyme laboratory in Boston, where they were
cloned using mouse cells as a scaffold.

The skin took months to grow and the day before the surgery took place a special
courier took the grafts back to South Africa on a flight that took 18 hours.

The skin grafts had to be attached within 24 hours of leaving the US laboratory.

The medical courier delivering the precious cargo was fast-tracked through
customs in less than five minutes upon his arrival at Oliver Tambo International
airport and, even though he arrived during peak-hour traffic, the skin was at
Garden City Hospital in 16 minutes.

Mia and his team then took possession of the skin and began stapling the grafts
in pieces on to Isabella s body. On her face the doctors used absorbent stitch
material instead of staples to lessen the chance of scarring.

Following the operation the child was wrapped in foam and protective dressing to
ensure she remained free of infection, and she was also sedated to reduce her
movement, which could cause the fragile grafts to tear.

Although Isabella will continue to have operations on her body at least until
she turns 18, she is now expected to recover.

Isabella s mother, Anice Kruger, summed up her feelings after getting the good
news last Monday by saying:  They gave her a 10 per cent chance of survival and
90 per cent of the skin took   so for me that is a 100 per cent miracle.

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2012 The Irish Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             371 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                           November 2, 2016 Wednesday

Swiss Federal Institute of Intellectual Property granted patent to THE CLEVELAND
CLINIC FOUNDATION on October 26, 2016 titled as "STENT GRAFT FIXATION COUPLING"

LENGTH: 146 words

DATELINE: New York


Bern: Swiss Federal Institute of Intellectual Property Office has granted patent
no. EP2349084 on October 26, 2016, to THE CLEVELAND CLINIC FOUNDATION, titled as
"STENT GRAFT FIXATION COUPLING"

Inventors: WEST KARL [US]; GREENBERG ROY K [US] + (WEST, KARL, ; GREENBERG, ROY,
K)



Assignee: CLEVELAND CLINIC FOUNDATION [US] + (THE CLEVELAND CLINIC FOUNDATION)

According to the abstract released by the Swiss Federal Institute of
Intellectual Property Office: "A small vessel stent graft (30; 62) with a
fixation coupling (10; 50) that has a hyperboloid shape positioned at or near
the proximal end of the graft (30; 62). The coupling (10; 50) may be deployed
within the fenestration (42; 65) of a fenestrated graft (40; 60) to provide
multi-directional movement without compromising the integrity of the sealing
zone."

The patent was filed on 24.08.2009 Application no. EP20090789194


LOAD-DATE: November 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             372 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

             Copyright 2017 Thomson Financial, All Rights Reserved
                            Reuters Knowledge Direct

                               February 27, 2017

                              Lombard Medical Inc

                             Lombard Medical House
                        4 Trident Park, Basil Hill Road
                                DIDCOT OX11 7HJ
                                 United Kingdom

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: Main Phone: 44-1235-750800, Contact Phone: 44-949-3708500
FAX: 44-1235-750879
URL: Home Page: http://www.lombardmedical.com/

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
TICKER: EVAR
CUSIP: G55598109
CIK: 0001597426
ISIN: KYG555981094
SEDOL: BL25F15
Reuters Instrument Code: EVAR.O
Display RIC: EVAR.OQ

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: January 16, 2014
LEGAL STATUS: Equity Issue
OPERATING STATUS: Active
EMPLOYEES: 111

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
CONTACT: Matthew Clawson, IR Contact Officer



OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS
NAME            CURRENT TITLE (DATE)      OFFICER      DIRECTOR     AGE   SEX
                                          SINCE        SINCE
Simon Hubbert   Chief Executive Officer,  2011                      45    M
                Director
Mr. William     Chief Financial Officer   2014                      50    M
Kullback        (2014)
Dr. Peter       Chief Technology Officer  2011                      54    M
Phillips        (2011)
Mr. Raymond     Non-Executive Independent              2013         56    M
Cohen           Chairman of the Board
                (2013)
Mr. David Milne Director (2015)                        2015         53    M
Mr. Michael     Non-Executive Director                 2015         44    M
Carrel          (2015)
Mr. Timothy     Independent Director                   2011         57    M
Haines          (2011)
Mr. Simon       Senior Independent                     2007         65    M
Neathercoat     Director (2007)

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   Lombard Medical, Inc., incorporated on January 16, 2014, is a medical
technology company. The Company specializes in developing, manufacturing and
marketing endovascular stent-grafts that address medical needs in the repair of
aortic aneurysms. The Company's Aorfix is an abdominal aortic aneurysm (AAA)
stent-graft for the treatment of AAAs with angulation at the neck of the
aneurysm of over 90 degrees. The Company supplies Aorfix pre-loaded into a
delivery system, Aorflex, which is designed for accurate placement of Aorfix in
the abdominal aorta. Once Aorfix is properly placed within the abdominal aorta,
it provides a conduit for blood flow, thereby relieving pressure within the
weakened or aneurysmal section of the vessel wall, which reduces the potential
for the AAA to rupture. Outside of the United States, the Company markets Aorfix
through its direct sales forces in Germany and the United Kingdom and through
various countries-exclusive distribution agreements with partners in other
European Union countries, Latin America and Asia.

   The Company's Aorfix is a two-part modular implant consisting of a bifurcated
main body section and a (contralateral) plug-in leg. The main body section
bifurcates into a full-length (ipsilateral) leg section and a short leg mating
section on the plug in side (the socket). The plug-in leg is joined during the
procedure to the socket to form the complete bifurcated system. The Company also
supplies accessories that allow extension of the stent-graft. The Company's
Altura Endovascular Stent Graft system features an ultra-low profile
endovascular stent graft technology that offers a solution to the treatment of
standard AAA anatomies. The Company's Aorflex delivery system has been designed
to improve the treating physician's control of the Aorfix stent-graft during its
deployment. The Company's IntelliFlex LP is a delivery system technology created
for its Aorfix AAA stent graft. IntelliFlex enhances the precision and control
of Aorfix deployment and placement. In addition, the system incorporates an
integrated exchange sheath designed to reduce the possibility of vessel trauma
during the procedure.

   The Company competes with Medtronic, Inc., Cook Medical, W.L. Gore &
Associates, Inc., Endologix, Inc., Vascutek-Terumo, Bolton Medical and Jotec.

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
PRIMARY NAICS:
334510 - Electromedical and Electrotherapeutic Apparatus Manufacturing
SECONDARY NAICS:
325412 - Pharmaceutical Preparation  Manufacturing
PRIMARY SIC:
3845 - Electromedical Equipment
SECONDARY SIC:
2834 - Pharmaceutical Preparations

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: December 31, 2015

MOST RECENT EXCHANGE RATE:  1.0
CHART OF ACCOUNTS:  Industry
ACCOUNTING STANDARD:  U.S. GAAP
LATEST AVAILABLE ANNUAL:  20170227

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS ('000 USD)
                                    12/31/2015      12/31/2014      12/31/2013
Cash & Equivalents                      32,332          53,334          40,866
Cash and Short Term                     32,332          53,334          40,866
Investments
Accounts Receivable - Trade,             4,168           3,912           1,378
Net
Receivables - Other                      1,618           2,065           2,433
Total Receivables, Net                   5,786           5,977           3,811
Total Inventory                          6,462           4,895           3,361
Total Current Assets                    44,580          64,205          49,814
Property/Plant/Equipment,                3,043           3,087           2,411
Total - Net
Intangibles, Net                        21,889           5,259           2,221
Other Long Term Assets                     176             348             523
Other Long Term Assets, Total              176             348             523
Total Assets                            85,740          72,899          58,470



LIABILITIES ('000 USD)
                                    12/31/2015      12/31/2014      12/31/2013
Accounts Payable                         8,236           5,434           1,846
Total Current Liabilities                8,236           5,434           6,579
Long Term Debt                          23,115           2,632           2,500
Total Long Term Debt                    23,115           2,632           2,500
Total Debt                              23,115           2,632           2,500
Total Liabilities                       42,625           8,066           9,137



EQUITY ('000 USD)
                                    12/31/2015      12/31/2014      12/31/2013
Common Stock                               199             162          52,406
Common Stock, Total                        199             162          52,406
Additional Paid-In Capital              63,853          49,608         134,305
Retained Earnings (Accumulated       (227,893)       (192,868)       (160,657)
Deficit)
Translation Adjustment                   1,270           2,245           4,192
Other Equity                           205,686         205,686          19,087
Other Equity, Total                    206,956         207,931          23,279
Total Equity                            43,115          64,833          49,333
Total Liabilities &                     85,740          72,899          58,470
Shareholders' Equity
Shares Outs - Common Stock              16,186          16,186          14,822
Primary Issue
Total Common Shares                     16,186          16,186          14,822
Outstanding



RATIOS
                                    12/31/2015      12/31/2014      12/31/2013
Total Current Assets less               38,118          59,310          46,453
Inventory('000 USD)
Quick Ratio                                  5              11               7
Current Ratio                                5              12               8
Net Debt Incl. Pref.Stock &            (9,217)        (50,702)        (38,366)
Min.Interest('000 USD)
Tangible Book Value, Common              5,174          59,574          43,611
Equity('000 USD)
Tangible Book Value per Share,               0               4               3
Common Eq (USD)

* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


('000 USD)
                                    12/31/2015      12/31/2014      12/31/2013
Net Sales                               15,114          13,277           6,960
Revenue                                 15,114          13,277           6,960
Total Revenue                           15,114          13,277           6,960
Cost of Revenue                          8,296           7,541           4,315
Cost of Revenue, Total                   8,296           7,541           4,315
Gross Profit                             6,818           5,736           2,645
Selling/General/Administrative          34,832          31,163          15,716
Expense
Selling/General/Admin.                  34,832          31,163          15,716
Expenses, Total
Research & Development                  11,279           9,213           6,963
Total Operating Expense                 54,407          49,420          26,994
Operating Income                      (39,293)        (36,143)        (20,034)
Interest Expense -                       (860)            (83)           (449)
Non-Operating
Interest Expense, Net                    (860)            (83)           (449)
Non-Operating
Interest Income -                          134             247             164
Non-Operating
Interest/Invest Income -                   134             247             164
Non-Operating
Interest                                 (726)             164           (285)
Inc.(Exp.),Net-Non-Op., Total
Net Income Before Taxes               (40,019)        (35,979)        (20,319)
Provision for Income Taxes             (2,215)         (1,227)         (1,115)
Net Income After Taxes                (37,804)        (34,752)        (19,204)
Net Income Before Extra. Items        (37,804)        (34,752)        (19,204)
Income Available to Com Excl          (37,804)        (34,752)        (19,204)
ExtraOrd
Basic Weighted Average Shares           17,757          14,556          14,822
Basic EPS Excluding                        (2)             (2)             (1)
Extraordinary Items
Diluted Weighted Average                17,757          14,556          14,822
Shares
Diluted EPS Excluding ExtraOrd             (2)             (2)             (1)
Items



EXTRAORDINARY ('000 USD)
                                    12/31/2015      12/31/2014      12/31/2013
Net Income                            (37,804)        (34,752)        (19,204)
Income Available to Com Incl          (37,804)        (34,752)        (19,204)
ExtraOrd



NORMALIZED ('000 USD)
                                    12/31/2015      12/31/2014      12/31/2013
Normalized Income Before Taxes        (40,019)        (34,476)        (20,319)
Inc Tax Ex Impact of Sp Items          (2,215)           (701)         (1,115)
Normalized Income After Taxes         (37,804)        (33,775)        (19,204)
Normalized Inc. Avail to Com.         (37,804)        (33,775)        (19,204)
Basic Normalized EPS                       (2)             (2)             (1)
Diluted Normalized EPS                     (2)             (2)             (1)



RATIOS
                                    12/31/2015      12/31/2014      12/31/2013
Gross Margin                                45              43              38
Operating Margin                          -260            -272            -288
Pretax Margin                             -265            -271            -292
Net Profit Margin                         -250            -262            -276
Normalized EBIT('000 USD)             (39,293)        (34,640)        (20,034)
Normalized EBITDA('000 USD)           (37,495)        (33,469)        (19,461)



SUPPLEMENTAL ('000 USD)
                                    12/31/2015      12/31/2014      12/31/2013
Basic EPS Including                        (2)             (2)             (1)
Extraordinary Items
Diluted Net Income                        (38)            (35)            (19)
Diluted EPS Including ExtraOrd             (2)             (2)             (1)
Items



FOOTNOTE
                                    12/31/2015      12/31/2014      12/31/2013
Interest Expense, Supplemental             860              83             449
Depreciation, Supplemental               1,798             773             430
Research & Development Exp,             11,279           9,213           6,963
Supplemental

* * * * * * * * * * CASHFLOW STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


('000 USD)
                                    12/31/2015      12/31/2014      12/31/2013
Net Income/Starting Line              (40,019)        (35,979)        (20,319)
Depreciation                             1,798           1,171             573
Depreciation/Depletion                   1,798           1,171             573
Other Non-Cash Items                     6,089           3,549           1,434
Non-Cash Items                           6,155           3,549           1,434
Accounts Receivable                      (185)           (483)         (1,922)
Inventories                            (1,779)         (1,841)           (122)
Accounts Payable                           234           (790)           2,601
Changes in Working Capital             (1,730)         (2,947)             520
Cash from Operating Activities        (33,796)        (34,206)        (17,792)
Purchase of Fixed Assets               (1,239)         (1,481)         (1,807)
Purchase/Acquisition of                   (15)           (266)         (2,070)
Intangibles
Capital Expenditures                   (1,254)         (1,747)         (3,877)
Cash from Investing Activities         (1,367)         (1,747)         (3,877)
Other Financing Cash Flow                (688)         (5,342)         (2,180)
Financing Cash Flow Items                (688)         (5,342)         (2,180)
Common Stock, Net                        (438)          55,000          55,341
Issuance (Retirement) of                 (438)          55,000          55,341
Stock, Net
Cash from Financing Activities          14,543          49,658          55,661
Foreign Exchange Effects                 (382)         (1,237)           2,424
Net Change in Cash                    (21,002)          12,468          36,416
Net Cash - Beginning Balance            53,334          40,866           4,450
Net Cash - Ending Balance               32,332          53,334          40,866

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY SPECIFIC:


Balance Sheet
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                          44,580
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         25,349
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                            85,740
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           64,143
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             77,779
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                          43,115
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         17,664
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         54,275
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                            5,174
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                         (18,958)
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           9,857
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                          32,332
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            6,462
Inventory - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                8,942
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                            8,236
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                         10,785
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                             42,625
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                           46,479
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                          23,115
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         23,423
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          5,786
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              6,550
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                             43,115
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                           17,664
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          23,115
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              26,065
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                           1,798
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                            652
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                            2,310
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                      (35,050)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         (4,863)
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          (31,175)
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                       (1,903)
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                         5
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     16
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .19
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .18
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                          .16
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                               1.46
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                   1.24
(annualized)
Inventory turnover - trailing 12 month                                     1.38
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                             3.74
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 2.45
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   2.63
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    5.41
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        2.35
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            5.34
Interest coverage - most recent fiscal year                              -54.12
Interest coverage - most recent quarter                                  -12.79
Interest coverage - prior trailing 12 month                              -81.96
Interest coverage - trailing 12 month                                    -18.57
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  26.96
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      36.52
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                  53.61
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                     132.60
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                          31.49
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                           34.90
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                               53.56
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                      4.63
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                          1.52
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                              4.74
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         26.96
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             40.64
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             34.90
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            59.61
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                         53.61
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                            147.56
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                          34.25
year ago
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              2.25
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                               .90
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                       -106.36
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                             -1,010.90
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                               -106.36
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                      -29.83
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                   17.61
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                             17.41
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                              10.74
EPS Change % - year over year                                             10.83
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                                14.69
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                           34.77
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                          12.27
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                       10.74
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                  -1.35
Net Income Change % - year over year                                      -8.78
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                        -27.99
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                         -19.96
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                           -24.91
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          13.84
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                         8,296
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                             2,694
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                         10,133
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                         (37,804)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                        (7,422)
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                        (34,948)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                         (37,804)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                        (40,019)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                       (7,583)
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                        (36,088)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                         (40,019)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              (39,293)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                   (6,765)
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (33,298)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             (37,495)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                          (33,469)
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  (6,113)
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                   (30,988)
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                            860
USD)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           547
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           1,902
Net Income available to common - most recent                           (37,804)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                            (7,422)
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                           (34,948)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                      (37,804)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                        (37,804)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                        (37,804)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                           11,279
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                            1,739
quarter ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - prior trailing                        10,698
12 month ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - trailing 12                            9,654
month ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             15,114
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  3,044
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             16,929
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                   12,712
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                         (2,215)
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                               (161)
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                               (1,140)
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                       (37,804)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                       (34,948)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                               (1,724)
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                           (34,300)
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                            -47.66
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                           -44.94
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                             -39.85
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                             -44.93
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                            -70.04
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                          -137.78
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                             -54.59
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                             -97.16
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                           -52.15
Return on investment - most recent quarter                               -52.57
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                 -51.63
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               2,664
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               1,091
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                               320
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                           (1,171)
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                               71
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                                24
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                               1
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                           (2,028)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                       (2,307)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                             (391)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                               (1,365)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                            (340)
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                       (1,683)
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                            (939)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                          (1,641)
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            1,998
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             609
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          (1,558)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                          (2,129)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            (373)
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                         (2,059)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                               (1,757)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                         (2,129)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           (373)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                               (2,059)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                         (1,757)
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                         (2,129)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           (373)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                               (2,059)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                         (1,757)
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                          (2,129)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                         (1,974)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                           (2,470)
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                          (454)
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (981)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (245)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                       (2,325)
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                            (1,567)
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                             1,428
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            1,447
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                               851
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                            614
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                    153
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                639
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                     .24
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                         .60
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            1.06
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                    .86
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                       1.06
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                   3.95
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         1.02
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                  2.50
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                    .51
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                                .86
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              4.22
fiscal year
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                  -248.08
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                        -243.77
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 45.11
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 43.20
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        11.50
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          20.29
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                        -250.13
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                        -261.75
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                               -243.82
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                           -203.69
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                 -274.92
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                           -259.98
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                           -272.22
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                  -231.73
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                    -269.78
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                              -264.78
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                              -270.99
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                     -249.11
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                       -283.89
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                           230.46
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                          176.61
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                            206.29
Float                                                                      9.69
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                         12,926
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             16.82
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            19.89
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          17.76
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         19.89
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          16.19
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              16.19
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                            16.19
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                              19.89
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         16.82
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            19.89
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           17.76
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           19.89
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            48.73



Cash Flow
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                          44,580
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         25,349
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                            85,740
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           64,143
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             77,779
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                          43,115
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         17,664
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         54,275
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                            5,174
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                         (18,958)
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           9,857
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                          32,332
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            6,462
Inventory - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                8,942
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                            8,236
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                         10,785
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                             42,625
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                           46,479
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                          23,115
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         23,423
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          5,786
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              6,550
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                             43,115
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                           17,664
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          23,115
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              26,065
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                           1,798
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                            652
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                            2,310
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                      (35,050)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         (4,863)
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          (31,175)
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                       (1,903)
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                         5
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     16
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .19
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .18
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                          .16
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                               1.46
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                   1.24
(annualized)
Inventory turnover - trailing 12 month                                     1.38
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                             3.74
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 2.45
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   2.63
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    5.41
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        2.35
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            5.34
Interest coverage - most recent fiscal year                              -54.12
Interest coverage - most recent quarter                                  -12.79
Interest coverage - prior trailing 12 month                              -81.96
Interest coverage - trailing 12 month                                    -18.57
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  26.96
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      36.52
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                  53.61
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                     132.60
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                          31.49
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                           34.90
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                               53.56
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                      4.63
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                          1.52
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                              4.74
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         26.96
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             40.64
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             34.90
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            59.61
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                         53.61
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                            147.56
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                          34.25
year ago
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              2.25
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                               .90
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                       -106.36
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                             -1,010.90
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                               -106.36
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                      -29.83
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                   17.61
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                             17.41
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                              10.74
EPS Change % - year over year                                             10.83
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                                14.69
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                           34.77
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                          12.27
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                       10.74
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                  -1.35
Net Income Change % - year over year                                      -8.78
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                        -27.99
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                         -19.96
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                           -24.91
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          13.84
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                         8,296
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                             2,694
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                         10,133
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                         (37,804)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                        (7,422)
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                        (34,948)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                         (37,804)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                        (40,019)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                       (7,583)
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                        (36,088)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                         (40,019)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              (39,293)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                   (6,765)
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (33,298)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             (37,495)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                          (33,469)
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  (6,113)
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                   (30,988)
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                            860
USD)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           547
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           1,902
Net Income available to common - most recent                           (37,804)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                            (7,422)
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                           (34,948)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                      (37,804)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                        (37,804)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                        (37,804)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                           11,279
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                            1,739
quarter ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - prior trailing                        10,698
12 month ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - trailing 12                            9,654
month ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             15,114
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  3,044
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             16,929
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                   12,712
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                         (2,215)
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                               (161)
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                               (1,140)
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                       (37,804)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                       (34,948)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                               (1,724)
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                           (34,300)
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                            -47.66
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                           -44.94
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                             -39.85
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                             -44.93
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                            -70.04
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                          -137.78
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                             -54.59
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                             -97.16
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                           -52.15
Return on investment - most recent quarter                               -52.57
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                 -51.63
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               2,664
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               1,091
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                               320
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                           (1,171)
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                               71
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                                24
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                               1
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                           (2,028)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                       (2,307)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                             (391)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                               (1,365)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                            (340)
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                       (1,683)
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                            (939)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                          (1,641)
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            1,998
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             609
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          (1,558)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                          (2,129)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            (373)
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                         (2,059)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                               (1,757)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                         (2,129)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           (373)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                               (2,059)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                         (1,757)
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                         (2,129)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           (373)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                               (2,059)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                         (1,757)
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                          (2,129)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                         (1,974)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                           (2,470)
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                          (454)
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (981)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (245)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                       (2,325)
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                            (1,567)
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                             1,428
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            1,447
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                               851
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                            614
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                    153
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                639
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                     .24
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                         .60
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            1.06
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                    .86
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                       1.06
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                   3.95
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         1.02
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                  2.50
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                    .51
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                                .86
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              4.22
fiscal year
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                  -248.08
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                        -243.77
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 45.11
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 43.20
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        11.50
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          20.29
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                        -250.13
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                        -261.75
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                               -243.82
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                           -203.69
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                 -274.92
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                           -259.98
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                           -272.22
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                  -231.73
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                    -269.78
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                              -264.78
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                              -270.99
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                     -249.11
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                       -283.89
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                           230.46
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                          176.61
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                            206.29
Float                                                                      9.69
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                         12,926
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             16.82
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            19.89
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          17.76
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         19.89
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          16.19
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              16.19
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                            16.19
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                              19.89
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         16.82
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            19.89
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           17.76
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           19.89
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            48.73



Descriptive
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                          44,580
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         25,349
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                            85,740
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           64,143
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             77,779
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                          43,115
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         17,664
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         54,275
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                            5,174
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                         (18,958)
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           9,857
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                          32,332
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            6,462
Inventory - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                8,942
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                            8,236
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                         10,785
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                             42,625
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                           46,479
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                          23,115
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         23,423
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          5,786
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              6,550
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                             43,115
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                           17,664
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          23,115
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              26,065
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                           1,798
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                            652
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                            2,310
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                      (35,050)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         (4,863)
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          (31,175)
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                       (1,903)
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                         5
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     16
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .19
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .18
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                          .16
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                               1.46
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                   1.24
(annualized)
Inventory turnover - trailing 12 month                                     1.38
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                             3.74
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 2.45
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   2.63
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    5.41
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        2.35
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            5.34
Interest coverage - most recent fiscal year                              -54.12
Interest coverage - most recent quarter                                  -12.79
Interest coverage - prior trailing 12 month                              -81.96
Interest coverage - trailing 12 month                                    -18.57
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  26.96
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      36.52
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                  53.61
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                     132.60
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                          31.49
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                           34.90
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                               53.56
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                      4.63
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                          1.52
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                              4.74
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         26.96
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             40.64
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             34.90
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            59.61
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                         53.61
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                            147.56
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                          34.25
year ago
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              2.25
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                               .90
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                       -106.36
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                             -1,010.90
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                               -106.36
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                      -29.83
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                   17.61
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                             17.41
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                              10.74
EPS Change % - year over year                                             10.83
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                                14.69
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                           34.77
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                          12.27
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                       10.74
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                  -1.35
Net Income Change % - year over year                                      -8.78
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                        -27.99
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                         -19.96
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                           -24.91
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          13.84
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                         8,296
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                             2,694
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                         10,133
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                         (37,804)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                        (7,422)
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                        (34,948)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                         (37,804)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                        (40,019)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                       (7,583)
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                        (36,088)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                         (40,019)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              (39,293)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                   (6,765)
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (33,298)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             (37,495)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                          (33,469)
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  (6,113)
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                   (30,988)
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                            860
USD)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           547
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           1,902
Net Income available to common - most recent                           (37,804)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                            (7,422)
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                           (34,948)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                      (37,804)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                        (37,804)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                        (37,804)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                           11,279
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                            1,739
quarter ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - prior trailing                        10,698
12 month ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - trailing 12                            9,654
month ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             15,114
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  3,044
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             16,929
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                   12,712
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                         (2,215)
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                               (161)
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                               (1,140)
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                       (37,804)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                       (34,948)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                               (1,724)
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                           (34,300)
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                            -47.66
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                           -44.94
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                             -39.85
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                             -44.93
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                            -70.04
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                          -137.78
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                             -54.59
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                             -97.16
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                           -52.15
Return on investment - most recent quarter                               -52.57
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                 -51.63
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               2,664
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               1,091
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                               320
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                           (1,171)
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                               71
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                                24
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                               1
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                           (2,028)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                       (2,307)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                             (391)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                               (1,365)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                            (340)
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                       (1,683)
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                            (939)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                          (1,641)
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            1,998
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             609
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          (1,558)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                          (2,129)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            (373)
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                         (2,059)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                               (1,757)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                         (2,129)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           (373)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                               (2,059)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                         (1,757)
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                         (2,129)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           (373)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                               (2,059)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                         (1,757)
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                          (2,129)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                         (1,974)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                           (2,470)
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                          (454)
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (981)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (245)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                       (2,325)
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                            (1,567)
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                             1,428
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            1,447
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                               851
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                            614
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                    153
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                639
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                     .24
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                         .60
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            1.06
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                    .86
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                       1.06
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                   3.95
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         1.02
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                  2.50
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                    .51
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                                .86
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              4.22
fiscal year
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                  -248.08
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                        -243.77
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 45.11
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 43.20
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        11.50
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          20.29
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                        -250.13
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                        -261.75
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                               -243.82
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                           -203.69
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                 -274.92
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                           -259.98
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                           -272.22
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                  -231.73
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                    -269.78
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                              -264.78
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                              -270.99
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                     -249.11
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                       -283.89
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                           230.46
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                          176.61
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                            206.29
Float                                                                      9.69
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                         12,926
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             16.82
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            19.89
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          17.76
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         19.89
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          16.19
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              16.19
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                            16.19
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                              19.89
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         16.82
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            19.89
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           17.76
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           19.89
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            48.73



Efficiency Ratios
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                          44,580
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         25,349
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                            85,740
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           64,143
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             77,779
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                          43,115
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         17,664
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         54,275
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                            5,174
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                         (18,958)
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           9,857
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                          32,332
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            6,462
Inventory - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                8,942
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                            8,236
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                         10,785
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                             42,625
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                           46,479
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                          23,115
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         23,423
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          5,786
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              6,550
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                             43,115
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                           17,664
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          23,115
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              26,065
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                           1,798
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                            652
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                            2,310
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                      (35,050)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         (4,863)
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          (31,175)
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                       (1,903)
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                         5
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     16
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .19
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .18
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                          .16
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                               1.46
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                   1.24
(annualized)
Inventory turnover - trailing 12 month                                     1.38
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                             3.74
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 2.45
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   2.63
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    5.41
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        2.35
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            5.34
Interest coverage - most recent fiscal year                              -54.12
Interest coverage - most recent quarter                                  -12.79
Interest coverage - prior trailing 12 month                              -81.96
Interest coverage - trailing 12 month                                    -18.57
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  26.96
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      36.52
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                  53.61
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                     132.60
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                          31.49
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                           34.90
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                               53.56
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                      4.63
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                          1.52
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                              4.74
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         26.96
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             40.64
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             34.90
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            59.61
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                         53.61
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                            147.56
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                          34.25
year ago
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              2.25
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                               .90
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                       -106.36
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                             -1,010.90
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                               -106.36
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                      -29.83
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                   17.61
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                             17.41
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                              10.74
EPS Change % - year over year                                             10.83
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                                14.69
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                           34.77
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                          12.27
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                       10.74
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                  -1.35
Net Income Change % - year over year                                      -8.78
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                        -27.99
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                         -19.96
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                           -24.91
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          13.84
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                         8,296
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                             2,694
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                         10,133
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                         (37,804)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                        (7,422)
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                        (34,948)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                         (37,804)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                        (40,019)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                       (7,583)
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                        (36,088)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                         (40,019)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              (39,293)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                   (6,765)
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (33,298)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             (37,495)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                          (33,469)
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  (6,113)
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                   (30,988)
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                            860
USD)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           547
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           1,902
Net Income available to common - most recent                           (37,804)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                            (7,422)
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                           (34,948)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                      (37,804)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                        (37,804)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                        (37,804)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                           11,279
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                            1,739
quarter ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - prior trailing                        10,698
12 month ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - trailing 12                            9,654
month ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             15,114
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  3,044
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             16,929
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                   12,712
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                         (2,215)
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                               (161)
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                               (1,140)
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                       (37,804)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                       (34,948)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                               (1,724)
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                           (34,300)
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                            -47.66
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                           -44.94
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                             -39.85
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                             -44.93
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                            -70.04
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                          -137.78
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                             -54.59
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                             -97.16
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                           -52.15
Return on investment - most recent quarter                               -52.57
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                 -51.63
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               2,664
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               1,091
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                               320
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                           (1,171)
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                               71
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                                24
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                               1
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                           (2,028)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                       (2,307)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                             (391)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                               (1,365)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                            (340)
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                       (1,683)
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                            (939)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                          (1,641)
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            1,998
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             609
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          (1,558)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                          (2,129)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            (373)
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                         (2,059)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                               (1,757)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                         (2,129)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           (373)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                               (2,059)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                         (1,757)
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                         (2,129)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           (373)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                               (2,059)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                         (1,757)
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                          (2,129)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                         (1,974)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                           (2,470)
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                          (454)
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (981)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (245)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                       (2,325)
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                            (1,567)
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                             1,428
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            1,447
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                               851
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                            614
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                    153
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                639
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                     .24
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                         .60
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            1.06
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                    .86
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                       1.06
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                   3.95
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         1.02
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                  2.50
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                    .51
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                                .86
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              4.22
fiscal year
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                  -248.08
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                        -243.77
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 45.11
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 43.20
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        11.50
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          20.29
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                        -250.13
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                        -261.75
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                               -243.82
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                           -203.69
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                 -274.92
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                           -259.98
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                           -272.22
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                  -231.73
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                    -269.78
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                              -264.78
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                              -270.99
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                     -249.11
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                       -283.89
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                           230.46
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                          176.61
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                            206.29
Float                                                                      9.69
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                         12,926
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             16.82
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            19.89
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          17.76
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         19.89
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          16.19
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              16.19
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                            16.19
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                              19.89
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         16.82
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            19.89
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           17.76
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           19.89
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            48.73



Financial Strength
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                          44,580
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         25,349
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                            85,740
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           64,143
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             77,779
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                          43,115
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         17,664
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         54,275
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                            5,174
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                         (18,958)
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           9,857
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                          32,332
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            6,462
Inventory - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                8,942
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                            8,236
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                         10,785
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                             42,625
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                           46,479
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                          23,115
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         23,423
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          5,786
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              6,550
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                             43,115
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                           17,664
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          23,115
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              26,065
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                           1,798
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                            652
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                            2,310
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                      (35,050)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         (4,863)
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          (31,175)
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                       (1,903)
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                         5
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     16
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .19
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .18
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                          .16
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                               1.46
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                   1.24
(annualized)
Inventory turnover - trailing 12 month                                     1.38
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                             3.74
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 2.45
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   2.63
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    5.41
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        2.35
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            5.34
Interest coverage - most recent fiscal year                              -54.12
Interest coverage - most recent quarter                                  -12.79
Interest coverage - prior trailing 12 month                              -81.96
Interest coverage - trailing 12 month                                    -18.57
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  26.96
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      36.52
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                  53.61
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                     132.60
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                          31.49
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                           34.90
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                               53.56
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                      4.63
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                          1.52
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                              4.74
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         26.96
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             40.64
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             34.90
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            59.61
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                         53.61
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                            147.56
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                          34.25
year ago
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              2.25
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                               .90
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                       -106.36
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                             -1,010.90
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                               -106.36
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                      -29.83
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                   17.61
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                             17.41
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                              10.74
EPS Change % - year over year                                             10.83
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                                14.69
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                           34.77
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                          12.27
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                       10.74
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                  -1.35
Net Income Change % - year over year                                      -8.78
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                        -27.99
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                         -19.96
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                           -24.91
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          13.84
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                         8,296
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                             2,694
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                         10,133
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                         (37,804)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                        (7,422)
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                        (34,948)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                         (37,804)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                        (40,019)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                       (7,583)
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                        (36,088)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                         (40,019)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              (39,293)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                   (6,765)
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (33,298)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             (37,495)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                          (33,469)
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  (6,113)
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                   (30,988)
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                            860
USD)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           547
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           1,902
Net Income available to common - most recent                           (37,804)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                            (7,422)
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                           (34,948)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                      (37,804)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                        (37,804)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                        (37,804)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                           11,279
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                            1,739
quarter ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - prior trailing                        10,698
12 month ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - trailing 12                            9,654
month ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             15,114
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  3,044
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             16,929
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                   12,712
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                         (2,215)
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                               (161)
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                               (1,140)
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                       (37,804)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                       (34,948)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                               (1,724)
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                           (34,300)
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                            -47.66
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                           -44.94
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                             -39.85
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                             -44.93
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                            -70.04
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                          -137.78
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                             -54.59
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                             -97.16
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                           -52.15
Return on investment - most recent quarter                               -52.57
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                 -51.63
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               2,664
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               1,091
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                               320
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                           (1,171)
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                               71
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                                24
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                               1
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                           (2,028)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                       (2,307)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                             (391)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                               (1,365)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                            (340)
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                       (1,683)
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                            (939)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                          (1,641)
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            1,998
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             609
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          (1,558)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                          (2,129)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            (373)
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                         (2,059)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                               (1,757)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                         (2,129)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           (373)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                               (2,059)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                         (1,757)
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                         (2,129)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           (373)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                               (2,059)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                         (1,757)
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                          (2,129)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                         (1,974)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                           (2,470)
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                          (454)
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (981)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (245)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                       (2,325)
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                            (1,567)
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                             1,428
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            1,447
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                               851
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                            614
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                    153
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                639
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                     .24
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                         .60
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            1.06
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                    .86
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                       1.06
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                   3.95
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         1.02
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                  2.50
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                    .51
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                                .86
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              4.22
fiscal year
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                  -248.08
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                        -243.77
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 45.11
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 43.20
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        11.50
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          20.29
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                        -250.13
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                        -261.75
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                               -243.82
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                           -203.69
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                 -274.92
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                           -259.98
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                           -272.22
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                  -231.73
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                    -269.78
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                              -264.78
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                              -270.99
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                     -249.11
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                       -283.89
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                           230.46
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                          176.61
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                            206.29
Float                                                                      9.69
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                         12,926
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             16.82
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            19.89
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          17.76
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         19.89
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          16.19
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              16.19
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                            16.19
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                              19.89
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         16.82
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            19.89
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           17.76
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           19.89
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            48.73



Growth Rates
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                          44,580
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         25,349
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                            85,740
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           64,143
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             77,779
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                          43,115
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         17,664
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         54,275
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                            5,174
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                         (18,958)
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           9,857
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                          32,332
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            6,462
Inventory - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                8,942
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                            8,236
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                         10,785
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                             42,625
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                           46,479
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                          23,115
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         23,423
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          5,786
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              6,550
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                             43,115
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                           17,664
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          23,115
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              26,065
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                           1,798
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                            652
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                            2,310
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                      (35,050)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         (4,863)
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          (31,175)
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                       (1,903)
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                         5
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     16
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .19
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .18
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                          .16
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                               1.46
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                   1.24
(annualized)
Inventory turnover - trailing 12 month                                     1.38
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                             3.74
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 2.45
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   2.63
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    5.41
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        2.35
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            5.34
Interest coverage - most recent fiscal year                              -54.12
Interest coverage - most recent quarter                                  -12.79
Interest coverage - prior trailing 12 month                              -81.96
Interest coverage - trailing 12 month                                    -18.57
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  26.96
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      36.52
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                  53.61
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                     132.60
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                          31.49
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                           34.90
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                               53.56
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                      4.63
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                          1.52
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                              4.74
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         26.96
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             40.64
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             34.90
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            59.61
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                         53.61
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                            147.56
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                          34.25
year ago
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              2.25
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                               .90
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                       -106.36
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                             -1,010.90
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                               -106.36
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                      -29.83
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                   17.61
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                             17.41
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                              10.74
EPS Change % - year over year                                             10.83
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                                14.69
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                           34.77
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                          12.27
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                       10.74
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                  -1.35
Net Income Change % - year over year                                      -8.78
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                        -27.99
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                         -19.96
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                           -24.91
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          13.84
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                         8,296
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                             2,694
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                         10,133
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                         (37,804)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                        (7,422)
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                        (34,948)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                         (37,804)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                        (40,019)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                       (7,583)
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                        (36,088)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                         (40,019)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              (39,293)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                   (6,765)
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (33,298)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             (37,495)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                          (33,469)
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  (6,113)
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                   (30,988)
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                            860
USD)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           547
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           1,902
Net Income available to common - most recent                           (37,804)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                            (7,422)
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                           (34,948)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                      (37,804)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                        (37,804)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                        (37,804)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                           11,279
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                            1,739
quarter ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - prior trailing                        10,698
12 month ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - trailing 12                            9,654
month ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             15,114
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  3,044
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             16,929
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                   12,712
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                         (2,215)
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                               (161)
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                               (1,140)
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                       (37,804)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                       (34,948)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                               (1,724)
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                           (34,300)
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                            -47.66
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                           -44.94
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                             -39.85
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                             -44.93
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                            -70.04
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                          -137.78
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                             -54.59
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                             -97.16
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                           -52.15
Return on investment - most recent quarter                               -52.57
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                 -51.63
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               2,664
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               1,091
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                               320
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                           (1,171)
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                               71
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                                24
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                               1
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                           (2,028)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                       (2,307)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                             (391)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                               (1,365)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                            (340)
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                       (1,683)
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                            (939)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                          (1,641)
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            1,998
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             609
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          (1,558)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                          (2,129)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            (373)
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                         (2,059)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                               (1,757)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                         (2,129)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           (373)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                               (2,059)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                         (1,757)
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                         (2,129)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           (373)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                               (2,059)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                         (1,757)
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                          (2,129)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                         (1,974)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                           (2,470)
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                          (454)
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (981)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (245)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                       (2,325)
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                            (1,567)
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                             1,428
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            1,447
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                               851
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                            614
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                    153
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                639
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                     .24
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                         .60
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            1.06
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                    .86
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                       1.06
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                   3.95
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         1.02
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                  2.50
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                    .51
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                                .86
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              4.22
fiscal year
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                  -248.08
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                        -243.77
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 45.11
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 43.20
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        11.50
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          20.29
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                        -250.13
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                        -261.75
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                               -243.82
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                           -203.69
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                 -274.92
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                           -259.98
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                           -272.22
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                  -231.73
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                    -269.78
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                              -264.78
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                              -270.99
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                     -249.11
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                       -283.89
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                           230.46
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                          176.61
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                            206.29
Float                                                                      9.69
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                         12,926
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             16.82
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            19.89
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          17.76
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         19.89
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          16.19
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              16.19
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                            16.19
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                              19.89
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         16.82
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            19.89
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           17.76
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           19.89
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            48.73



Income Statement
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                          44,580
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         25,349
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                            85,740
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           64,143
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             77,779
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                          43,115
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         17,664
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         54,275
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                            5,174
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                         (18,958)
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           9,857
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                          32,332
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            6,462
Inventory - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                8,942
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                            8,236
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                         10,785
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                             42,625
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                           46,479
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                          23,115
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         23,423
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          5,786
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              6,550
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                             43,115
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                           17,664
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          23,115
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              26,065
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                           1,798
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                            652
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                            2,310
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                      (35,050)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         (4,863)
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          (31,175)
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                       (1,903)
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                         5
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     16
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .19
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .18
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                          .16
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                               1.46
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                   1.24
(annualized)
Inventory turnover - trailing 12 month                                     1.38
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                             3.74
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 2.45
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   2.63
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    5.41
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        2.35
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            5.34
Interest coverage - most recent fiscal year                              -54.12
Interest coverage - most recent quarter                                  -12.79
Interest coverage - prior trailing 12 month                              -81.96
Interest coverage - trailing 12 month                                    -18.57
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  26.96
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      36.52
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                  53.61
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                     132.60
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                          31.49
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                           34.90
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                               53.56
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                      4.63
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                          1.52
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                              4.74
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         26.96
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             40.64
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             34.90
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            59.61
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                         53.61
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                            147.56
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                          34.25
year ago
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              2.25
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                               .90
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                       -106.36
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                             -1,010.90
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                               -106.36
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                      -29.83
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                   17.61
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                             17.41
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                              10.74
EPS Change % - year over year                                             10.83
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                                14.69
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                           34.77
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                          12.27
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                       10.74
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                  -1.35
Net Income Change % - year over year                                      -8.78
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                        -27.99
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                         -19.96
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                           -24.91
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          13.84
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                         8,296
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                             2,694
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                         10,133
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                         (37,804)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                        (7,422)
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                        (34,948)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                         (37,804)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                        (40,019)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                       (7,583)
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                        (36,088)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                         (40,019)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              (39,293)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                   (6,765)
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (33,298)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             (37,495)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                          (33,469)
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  (6,113)
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                   (30,988)
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                            860
USD)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           547
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           1,902
Net Income available to common - most recent                           (37,804)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                            (7,422)
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                           (34,948)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                      (37,804)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                        (37,804)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                        (37,804)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                           11,279
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                            1,739
quarter ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - prior trailing                        10,698
12 month ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - trailing 12                            9,654
month ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             15,114
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  3,044
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             16,929
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                   12,712
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                         (2,215)
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                               (161)
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                               (1,140)
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                       (37,804)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                       (34,948)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                               (1,724)
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                           (34,300)
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                            -47.66
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                           -44.94
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                             -39.85
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                             -44.93
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                            -70.04
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                          -137.78
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                             -54.59
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                             -97.16
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                           -52.15
Return on investment - most recent quarter                               -52.57
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                 -51.63
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               2,664
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               1,091
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                               320
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                           (1,171)
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                               71
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                                24
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                               1
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                           (2,028)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                       (2,307)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                             (391)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                               (1,365)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                            (340)
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                       (1,683)
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                            (939)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                          (1,641)
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            1,998
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             609
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          (1,558)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                          (2,129)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            (373)
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                         (2,059)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                               (1,757)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                         (2,129)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           (373)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                               (2,059)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                         (1,757)
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                         (2,129)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           (373)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                               (2,059)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                         (1,757)
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                          (2,129)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                         (1,974)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                           (2,470)
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                          (454)
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (981)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (245)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                       (2,325)
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                            (1,567)
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                             1,428
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            1,447
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                               851
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                            614
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                    153
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                639
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                     .24
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                         .60
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            1.06
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                    .86
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                       1.06
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                   3.95
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         1.02
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                  2.50
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                    .51
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                                .86
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              4.22
fiscal year
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                  -248.08
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                        -243.77
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 45.11
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 43.20
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        11.50
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          20.29
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                        -250.13
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                        -261.75
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                               -243.82
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                           -203.69
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                 -274.92
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                           -259.98
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                           -272.22
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                  -231.73
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                    -269.78
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                              -264.78
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                              -270.99
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                     -249.11
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                       -283.89
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                           230.46
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                          176.61
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                            206.29
Float                                                                      9.69
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                         12,926
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             16.82
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            19.89
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          17.76
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         19.89
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          16.19
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              16.19
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                            16.19
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                              19.89
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         16.82
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            19.89
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           17.76
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           19.89
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            48.73



Management Effectiveness
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                          44,580
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         25,349
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                            85,740
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           64,143
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             77,779
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                          43,115
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         17,664
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         54,275
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                            5,174
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                         (18,958)
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           9,857
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                          32,332
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            6,462
Inventory - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                8,942
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                            8,236
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                         10,785
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                             42,625
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                           46,479
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                          23,115
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         23,423
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          5,786
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              6,550
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                             43,115
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                           17,664
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          23,115
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              26,065
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                           1,798
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                            652
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                            2,310
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                      (35,050)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         (4,863)
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          (31,175)
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                       (1,903)
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                         5
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     16
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .19
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .18
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                          .16
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                               1.46
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                   1.24
(annualized)
Inventory turnover - trailing 12 month                                     1.38
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                             3.74
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 2.45
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   2.63
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    5.41
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        2.35
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            5.34
Interest coverage - most recent fiscal year                              -54.12
Interest coverage - most recent quarter                                  -12.79
Interest coverage - prior trailing 12 month                              -81.96
Interest coverage - trailing 12 month                                    -18.57
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  26.96
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      36.52
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                  53.61
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                     132.60
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                          31.49
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                           34.90
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                               53.56
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                      4.63
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                          1.52
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                              4.74
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         26.96
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             40.64
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             34.90
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            59.61
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                         53.61
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                            147.56
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                          34.25
year ago
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              2.25
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                               .90
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                       -106.36
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                             -1,010.90
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                               -106.36
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                      -29.83
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                   17.61
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                             17.41
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                              10.74
EPS Change % - year over year                                             10.83
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                                14.69
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                           34.77
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                          12.27
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                       10.74
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                  -1.35
Net Income Change % - year over year                                      -8.78
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                        -27.99
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                         -19.96
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                           -24.91
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          13.84
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                         8,296
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                             2,694
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                         10,133
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                         (37,804)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                        (7,422)
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                        (34,948)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                         (37,804)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                        (40,019)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                       (7,583)
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                        (36,088)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                         (40,019)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              (39,293)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                   (6,765)
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (33,298)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             (37,495)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                          (33,469)
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  (6,113)
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                   (30,988)
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                            860
USD)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           547
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           1,902
Net Income available to common - most recent                           (37,804)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                            (7,422)
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                           (34,948)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                      (37,804)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                        (37,804)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                        (37,804)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                           11,279
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                            1,739
quarter ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - prior trailing                        10,698
12 month ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - trailing 12                            9,654
month ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             15,114
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  3,044
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             16,929
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                   12,712
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                         (2,215)
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                               (161)
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                               (1,140)
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                       (37,804)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                       (34,948)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                               (1,724)
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                           (34,300)
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                            -47.66
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                           -44.94
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                             -39.85
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                             -44.93
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                            -70.04
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                          -137.78
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                             -54.59
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                             -97.16
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                           -52.15
Return on investment - most recent quarter                               -52.57
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                 -51.63
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               2,664
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               1,091
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                               320
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                           (1,171)
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                               71
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                                24
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                               1
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                           (2,028)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                       (2,307)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                             (391)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                               (1,365)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                            (340)
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                       (1,683)
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                            (939)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                          (1,641)
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            1,998
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             609
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          (1,558)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                          (2,129)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            (373)
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                         (2,059)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                               (1,757)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                         (2,129)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           (373)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                               (2,059)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                         (1,757)
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                         (2,129)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           (373)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                               (2,059)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                         (1,757)
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                          (2,129)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                         (1,974)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                           (2,470)
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                          (454)
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (981)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (245)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                       (2,325)
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                            (1,567)
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                             1,428
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            1,447
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                               851
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                            614
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                    153
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                639
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                     .24
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                         .60
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            1.06
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                    .86
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                       1.06
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                   3.95
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         1.02
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                  2.50
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                    .51
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                                .86
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              4.22
fiscal year
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                  -248.08
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                        -243.77
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 45.11
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 43.20
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        11.50
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          20.29
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                        -250.13
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                        -261.75
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                               -243.82
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                           -203.69
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                 -274.92
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                           -259.98
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                           -272.22
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                  -231.73
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                    -269.78
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                              -264.78
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                              -270.99
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                     -249.11
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                       -283.89
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                           230.46
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                          176.61
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                            206.29
Float                                                                      9.69
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                         12,926
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             16.82
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            19.89
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          17.76
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         19.89
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          16.19
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              16.19
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                            16.19
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                              19.89
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         16.82
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            19.89
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           17.76
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           19.89
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            48.73



Per Share Ratios
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                          44,580
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         25,349
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                            85,740
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           64,143
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             77,779
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                          43,115
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         17,664
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         54,275
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                            5,174
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                         (18,958)
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           9,857
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                          32,332
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            6,462
Inventory - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                8,942
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                            8,236
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                         10,785
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                             42,625
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                           46,479
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                          23,115
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         23,423
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          5,786
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              6,550
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                             43,115
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                           17,664
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          23,115
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              26,065
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                           1,798
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                            652
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                            2,310
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                      (35,050)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         (4,863)
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          (31,175)
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                       (1,903)
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                         5
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     16
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .19
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .18
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                          .16
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                               1.46
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                   1.24
(annualized)
Inventory turnover - trailing 12 month                                     1.38
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                             3.74
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 2.45
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   2.63
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    5.41
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        2.35
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            5.34
Interest coverage - most recent fiscal year                              -54.12
Interest coverage - most recent quarter                                  -12.79
Interest coverage - prior trailing 12 month                              -81.96
Interest coverage - trailing 12 month                                    -18.57
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  26.96
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      36.52
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                  53.61
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                     132.60
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                          31.49
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                           34.90
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                               53.56
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                      4.63
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                          1.52
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                              4.74
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         26.96
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             40.64
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             34.90
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            59.61
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                         53.61
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                            147.56
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                          34.25
year ago
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              2.25
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                               .90
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                       -106.36
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                             -1,010.90
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                               -106.36
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                      -29.83
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                   17.61
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                             17.41
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                              10.74
EPS Change % - year over year                                             10.83
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                                14.69
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                           34.77
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                          12.27
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                       10.74
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                  -1.35
Net Income Change % - year over year                                      -8.78
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                        -27.99
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                         -19.96
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                           -24.91
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          13.84
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                         8,296
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                             2,694
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                         10,133
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                         (37,804)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                        (7,422)
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                        (34,948)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                         (37,804)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                        (40,019)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                       (7,583)
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                        (36,088)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                         (40,019)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              (39,293)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                   (6,765)
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (33,298)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             (37,495)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                          (33,469)
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  (6,113)
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                   (30,988)
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                            860
USD)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           547
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           1,902
Net Income available to common - most recent                           (37,804)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                            (7,422)
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                           (34,948)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                      (37,804)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                        (37,804)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                        (37,804)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                           11,279
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                            1,739
quarter ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - prior trailing                        10,698
12 month ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - trailing 12                            9,654
month ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             15,114
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  3,044
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             16,929
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                   12,712
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                         (2,215)
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                               (161)
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                               (1,140)
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                       (37,804)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                       (34,948)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                               (1,724)
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                           (34,300)
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                            -47.66
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                           -44.94
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                             -39.85
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                             -44.93
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                            -70.04
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                          -137.78
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                             -54.59
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                             -97.16
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                           -52.15
Return on investment - most recent quarter                               -52.57
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                 -51.63
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               2,664
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               1,091
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                               320
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                           (1,171)
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                               71
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                                24
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                               1
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                           (2,028)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                       (2,307)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                             (391)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                               (1,365)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                            (340)
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                       (1,683)
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                            (939)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                          (1,641)
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            1,998
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             609
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          (1,558)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                          (2,129)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            (373)
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                         (2,059)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                               (1,757)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                         (2,129)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           (373)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                               (2,059)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                         (1,757)
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                         (2,129)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           (373)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                               (2,059)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                         (1,757)
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                          (2,129)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                         (1,974)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                           (2,470)
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                          (454)
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (981)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (245)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                       (2,325)
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                            (1,567)
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                             1,428
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            1,447
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                               851
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                            614
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                    153
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                639
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                     .24
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                         .60
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            1.06
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                    .86
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                       1.06
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                   3.95
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         1.02
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                  2.50
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                    .51
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                                .86
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              4.22
fiscal year
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                  -248.08
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                        -243.77
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 45.11
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 43.20
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        11.50
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          20.29
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                        -250.13
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                        -261.75
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                               -243.82
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                           -203.69
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                 -274.92
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                           -259.98
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                           -272.22
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                  -231.73
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                    -269.78
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                              -264.78
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                              -270.99
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                     -249.11
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                       -283.89
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                           230.46
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                          176.61
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                            206.29
Float                                                                      9.69
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                         12,926
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             16.82
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            19.89
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          17.76
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         19.89
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          16.19
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              16.19
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                            16.19
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                              19.89
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         16.82
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            19.89
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           17.76
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           19.89
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            48.73



Price Related
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                          44,580
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         25,349
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                            85,740
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           64,143
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             77,779
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                          43,115
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         17,664
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         54,275
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                            5,174
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                         (18,958)
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           9,857
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                          32,332
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            6,462
Inventory - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                8,942
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                            8,236
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                         10,785
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                             42,625
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                           46,479
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                          23,115
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         23,423
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          5,786
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              6,550
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                             43,115
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                           17,664
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          23,115
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              26,065
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                           1,798
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                            652
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                            2,310
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                      (35,050)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         (4,863)
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          (31,175)
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                       (1,903)
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                         5
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     16
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .19
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .18
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                          .16
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                               1.46
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                   1.24
(annualized)
Inventory turnover - trailing 12 month                                     1.38
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                             3.74
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 2.45
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   2.63
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    5.41
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        2.35
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            5.34
Interest coverage - most recent fiscal year                              -54.12
Interest coverage - most recent quarter                                  -12.79
Interest coverage - prior trailing 12 month                              -81.96
Interest coverage - trailing 12 month                                    -18.57
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  26.96
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      36.52
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                  53.61
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                     132.60
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                          31.49
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                           34.90
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                               53.56
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                      4.63
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                          1.52
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                              4.74
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         26.96
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             40.64
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             34.90
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            59.61
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                         53.61
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                            147.56
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                          34.25
year ago
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              2.25
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                               .90
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                       -106.36
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                             -1,010.90
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                               -106.36
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                      -29.83
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                   17.61
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                             17.41
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                              10.74
EPS Change % - year over year                                             10.83
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                                14.69
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                           34.77
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                          12.27
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                       10.74
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                  -1.35
Net Income Change % - year over year                                      -8.78
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                        -27.99
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                         -19.96
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                           -24.91
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          13.84
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                         8,296
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                             2,694
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                         10,133
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                         (37,804)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                        (7,422)
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                        (34,948)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                         (37,804)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                        (40,019)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                       (7,583)
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                        (36,088)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                         (40,019)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              (39,293)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                   (6,765)
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (33,298)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             (37,495)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                          (33,469)
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  (6,113)
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                   (30,988)
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                            860
USD)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           547
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           1,902
Net Income available to common - most recent                           (37,804)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                            (7,422)
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                           (34,948)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                      (37,804)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                        (37,804)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                        (37,804)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                           11,279
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                            1,739
quarter ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - prior trailing                        10,698
12 month ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - trailing 12                            9,654
month ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             15,114
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  3,044
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             16,929
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                   12,712
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                         (2,215)
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                               (161)
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                               (1,140)
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                       (37,804)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                       (34,948)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                               (1,724)
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                           (34,300)
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                            -47.66
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                           -44.94
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                             -39.85
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                             -44.93
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                            -70.04
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                          -137.78
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                             -54.59
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                             -97.16
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                           -52.15
Return on investment - most recent quarter                               -52.57
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                 -51.63
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               2,664
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               1,091
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                               320
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                           (1,171)
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                               71
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                                24
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                               1
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                           (2,028)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                       (2,307)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                             (391)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                               (1,365)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                            (340)
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                       (1,683)
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                            (939)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                          (1,641)
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            1,998
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             609
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          (1,558)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                          (2,129)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            (373)
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                         (2,059)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                               (1,757)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                         (2,129)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           (373)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                               (2,059)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                         (1,757)
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                         (2,129)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           (373)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                               (2,059)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                         (1,757)
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                          (2,129)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                         (1,974)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                           (2,470)
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                          (454)
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (981)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (245)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                       (2,325)
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                            (1,567)
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                             1,428
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            1,447
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                               851
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                            614
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                    153
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                639
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                     .24
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                         .60
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            1.06
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                    .86
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                       1.06
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                   3.95
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         1.02
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                  2.50
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                    .51
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                                .86
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              4.22
fiscal year
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                  -248.08
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                        -243.77
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 45.11
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 43.20
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        11.50
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          20.29
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                        -250.13
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                        -261.75
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                               -243.82
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                           -203.69
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                 -274.92
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                           -259.98
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                           -272.22
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                  -231.73
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                    -269.78
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                              -264.78
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                              -270.99
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                     -249.11
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                       -283.89
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                           230.46
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                          176.61
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                            206.29
Float                                                                      9.69
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                         12,926
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             16.82
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            19.89
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          17.76
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         19.89
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          16.19
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              16.19
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                            16.19
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                              19.89
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         16.82
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            19.89
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           17.76
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           19.89
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            48.73



Profitability Ratios
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                          44,580
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         25,349
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                            85,740
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           64,143
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             77,779
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                          43,115
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         17,664
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         54,275
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                            5,174
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                         (18,958)
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           9,857
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                          32,332
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            6,462
Inventory - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                8,942
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                            8,236
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                         10,785
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                             42,625
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                           46,479
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                          23,115
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         23,423
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          5,786
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              6,550
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                             43,115
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                           17,664
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          23,115
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              26,065
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                           1,798
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                            652
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                            2,310
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                      (35,050)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         (4,863)
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          (31,175)
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                       (1,903)
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                         5
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     16
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .19
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .18
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                          .16
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                               1.46
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                   1.24
(annualized)
Inventory turnover - trailing 12 month                                     1.38
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                             3.74
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 2.45
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   2.63
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    5.41
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        2.35
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            5.34
Interest coverage - most recent fiscal year                              -54.12
Interest coverage - most recent quarter                                  -12.79
Interest coverage - prior trailing 12 month                              -81.96
Interest coverage - trailing 12 month                                    -18.57
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  26.96
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      36.52
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                  53.61
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                     132.60
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                          31.49
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                           34.90
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                               53.56
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                      4.63
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                          1.52
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                              4.74
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         26.96
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             40.64
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             34.90
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            59.61
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                         53.61
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                            147.56
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                          34.25
year ago
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              2.25
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                               .90
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                       -106.36
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                             -1,010.90
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                               -106.36
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                      -29.83
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                   17.61
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                             17.41
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                              10.74
EPS Change % - year over year                                             10.83
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                                14.69
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                           34.77
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                          12.27
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                       10.74
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                  -1.35
Net Income Change % - year over year                                      -8.78
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                        -27.99
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                         -19.96
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                           -24.91
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          13.84
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                         8,296
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                             2,694
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                         10,133
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                         (37,804)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                        (7,422)
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                        (34,948)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                         (37,804)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                        (40,019)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                       (7,583)
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                        (36,088)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                         (40,019)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              (39,293)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                   (6,765)
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (33,298)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             (37,495)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                          (33,469)
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  (6,113)
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                   (30,988)
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                            860
USD)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           547
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           1,902
Net Income available to common - most recent                           (37,804)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                            (7,422)
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                           (34,948)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                      (37,804)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                        (37,804)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                        (37,804)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                           11,279
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                            1,739
quarter ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - prior trailing                        10,698
12 month ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - trailing 12                            9,654
month ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             15,114
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  3,044
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             16,929
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                   12,712
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                         (2,215)
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                               (161)
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                               (1,140)
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                       (37,804)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                       (34,948)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                               (1,724)
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                           (34,300)
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                            -47.66
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                           -44.94
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                             -39.85
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                             -44.93
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                            -70.04
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                          -137.78
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                             -54.59
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                             -97.16
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                           -52.15
Return on investment - most recent quarter                               -52.57
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                 -51.63
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               2,664
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               1,091
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                               320
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                           (1,171)
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                               71
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                                24
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                               1
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                           (2,028)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                       (2,307)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                             (391)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                               (1,365)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                            (340)
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                       (1,683)
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                            (939)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                          (1,641)
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            1,998
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             609
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          (1,558)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                          (2,129)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            (373)
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                         (2,059)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                               (1,757)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                         (2,129)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           (373)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                               (2,059)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                         (1,757)
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                         (2,129)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           (373)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                               (2,059)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                         (1,757)
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                          (2,129)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                         (1,974)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                           (2,470)
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                          (454)
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (981)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (245)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                       (2,325)
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                            (1,567)
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                             1,428
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            1,447
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                               851
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                            614
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                    153
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                639
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                     .24
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                         .60
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            1.06
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                    .86
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                       1.06
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                   3.95
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         1.02
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                  2.50
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                    .51
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                                .86
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              4.22
fiscal year
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                  -248.08
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                        -243.77
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 45.11
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 43.20
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        11.50
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          20.29
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                        -250.13
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                        -261.75
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                               -243.82
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                           -203.69
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                 -274.92
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                           -259.98
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                           -272.22
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                  -231.73
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                    -269.78
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                              -264.78
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                              -270.99
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                     -249.11
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                       -283.89
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                           230.46
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                          176.61
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                            206.29
Float                                                                      9.69
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                         12,926
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             16.82
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            19.89
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          17.76
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         19.89
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          16.19
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              16.19
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                            16.19
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                              19.89
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         16.82
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            19.89
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           17.76
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           19.89
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            48.73



Share Related Items
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                          44,580
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         25,349
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                            85,740
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           64,143
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             77,779
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                          43,115
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         17,664
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         54,275
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                            5,174
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                         (18,958)
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           9,857
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                          32,332
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            6,462
Inventory - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                8,942
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                            8,236
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                         10,785
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                             42,625
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                           46,479
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                          23,115
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         23,423
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          5,786
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              6,550
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                             43,115
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                           17,664
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          23,115
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              26,065
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                           1,798
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                            652
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                            2,310
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                      (35,050)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         (4,863)
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          (31,175)
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                       (1,903)
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                         5
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     16
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .19
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .18
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                          .16
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                               1.46
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                   1.24
(annualized)
Inventory turnover - trailing 12 month                                     1.38
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                             3.74
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 2.45
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   2.63
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    5.41
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        2.35
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            5.34
Interest coverage - most recent fiscal year                              -54.12
Interest coverage - most recent quarter                                  -12.79
Interest coverage - prior trailing 12 month                              -81.96
Interest coverage - trailing 12 month                                    -18.57
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  26.96
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      36.52
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                  53.61
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                     132.60
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                          31.49
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                           34.90
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                               53.56
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                      4.63
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                          1.52
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                              4.74
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         26.96
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             40.64
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             34.90
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            59.61
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                         53.61
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                            147.56
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                          34.25
year ago
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              2.25
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                               .90
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                       -106.36
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                             -1,010.90
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                               -106.36
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                      -29.83
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                   17.61
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                             17.41
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                              10.74
EPS Change % - year over year                                             10.83
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                                14.69
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                           34.77
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                          12.27
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                       10.74
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                  -1.35
Net Income Change % - year over year                                      -8.78
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                        -27.99
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                         -19.96
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                           -24.91
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          13.84
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                         8,296
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                             2,694
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                         10,133
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                         (37,804)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                        (7,422)
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                        (34,948)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                         (37,804)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                        (40,019)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                       (7,583)
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                        (36,088)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                         (40,019)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              (39,293)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                   (6,765)
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (33,298)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             (37,495)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                          (33,469)
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  (6,113)
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                   (30,988)
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                            860
USD)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           547
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           1,902
Net Income available to common - most recent                           (37,804)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                            (7,422)
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                           (34,948)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                      (37,804)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                        (37,804)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                        (37,804)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                           11,279
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - most recent                            1,739
quarter ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - prior trailing                        10,698
12 month ('000 USD)
Research and Development Expense - trailing 12                            9,654
month ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             15,114
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  3,044
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             16,929
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                   12,712
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                         (2,215)
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                               (161)
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                               (1,140)
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                       (37,804)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                       (34,948)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                               (1,724)
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                           (34,300)
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                            -47.66
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                           -44.94
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                             -39.85
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                             -44.93
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                            -70.04
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                          -137.78
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                             -54.59
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                             -97.16
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                           -52.15
Return on investment - most recent quarter                               -52.57
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                 -51.63
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               2,664
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               1,091
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                               320
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                           (1,171)
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                               71
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                                24
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                               1
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                           (2,028)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                       (2,307)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                             (391)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                               (1,365)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                            (340)
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                       (1,683)
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                            (939)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                          (1,641)
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            1,998
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             609
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                          (1,558)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                          (2,129)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            (373)
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                         (2,059)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                               (1,757)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                         (2,129)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           (373)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                               (2,059)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                         (1,757)
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                         (2,129)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           (373)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                               (2,059)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                         (1,757)
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                          (2,129)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                         (1,974)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                           (2,470)
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                          (454)
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (981)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (245)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                       (2,325)
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                            (1,567)
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                             1,428
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            1,447
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                               851
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                            614
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                    153
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                639
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                     .24
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                         .60
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            1.06
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                    .86
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                       1.06
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                   3.95
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         1.02
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                  2.50
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                    .51
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                                .86
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              4.22
fiscal year
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                  -248.08
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                        -243.77
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 45.11
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 43.20
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        11.50
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          20.29
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                        -250.13
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                        -261.75
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                               -243.82
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                           -203.69
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                 -274.92
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                           -259.98
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                           -272.22
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                  -231.73
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                    -269.78
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                              -264.78
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                              -270.99
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                     -249.11
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                       -283.89
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                           230.46
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                          176.61
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                            206.29
Float                                                                      9.69
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                         12,926
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             16.82
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            19.89
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          17.76
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         19.89
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          16.19
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              16.19
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                            16.19
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                              19.89
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         16.82
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            19.89
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           17.76
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           19.89
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            48.73

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
SECURITY TYPE: Ordinary Shares
EXCHANGE: NASDAQ
TOTAL SHARES OUTSTANDING: 16,185,965
LISTING TYPE:  Ordinary Shares

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2017


                             373 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Medical Device Daily

                              May 13, 2002 Monday

100% patency outcome may raise bar for cardiac sutures

LENGTH: 838 words

American Association for Thoracic Surgery

100% patency outcome may raise bar for cardiac sutures

By KEVIN NEW Medical Device Daily Washington Editor WASHINGTON - The bar marking
the gold standard for sutures used during coronary artery bypass procedures
appears to have been lifted a bit with release of a new graft connection study
at last week's 82nd meeting of the American Association for Thoracic Surgery
(Manchester, Massachusetts) at the Washington Convention Center.

The reason: The study demonstrated use of a "super suture" from Coalescent
(California), called the U-CLIP Anastomotic Device, to attach the left internal
mammary artery to the left anterior descending coronary artery, with the
attachment 100% perfectly open six months after the procedure.

Titled "Clinical and Six-Month Angiographic Evaluation of Coronary Arterial
Graft Interrupted Anastomoses Using a Self-Closing Clip Device - A Multi-Center
Prospective Clinical Trial," the study was conducted by Randall Wolf, MD,
director of minimally invasive cardiac surgery and robotics at The Ohio State
University Medical Center (Columbus, Ohio).

A company focused on the development and application of technologies and
techniques for connecting body tissues in minimally invasive and conventional
surgery, Coalescent describes that self-closing clip technology as the first and
only anastomotic device in the U.S. specifically indicated for coronary artery
bypass graft procedures.

Quantitative coronary angiography used in the study revealed unprecedented
outcomes in terms of overall geometry at the attachment site. The ratio of the
diameters of the attachment was greater than 1, thereby indicating an
uninhibited graft flow to the diseased portion of the heart, Wolf told
attendees.

"These outcomes clearly establish a new standard for the evaluation of all
anastomotic technologies in the cardiac arena," Wolf said.

Although the coronary artery bypass surgery procedure has been around for more
than 30 years now, there haven't been any technological breakthroughs in how the
arteries are attached, according to Coalescent. "Surgeons have traditionally
used sutures in a continuous or running technique, much like the stitching you'd
find in your shirt sleeve," Charles Maroney, president and CEO of Coalescent,
told Medical Device Daily.

The site of grafts attached to arteries is known as an anastomosis and is the
most critical aspect -  and the most challenging - of the surgical procedure
because the amount of openness, or patency, is considered the gold standard for
evaluating the quality of the connection, explained Maroney.

"Just like the stitching in your shirt, a higher-quality shirt will not have
uneven stitches that cause the fabric to bunch up, and our product helps the
surgeon to avoid that type of effect at the attachment," he said.

Richard Shaman, chief of cardiothoracic surgery at Boston Medical Center
(Boston, Massachusetts), in a statement, called the results of the new study
"impressive" and that the evidence confirmed his initial recognition of the
technology's potential and his own clinical experience.

Coalescent's proprietary technology was launched in August 2000 and is called
the U-Clip anastomotic device. It can be used in both off-pump and on-pump
cardiovascular surgeries. Physicians guide the clip through the tissue using a
curved needle that is connected to the clip-end with a very fine steel.

"It's much thinner than a human hair and has an easy release mechanism," Maroney
said.

The device is much quicker to use than conventional sutures because the surgeon
doesn't have to connect the tissues and then make six or seven knots, he
explained. "And you can imagine how difficult it would be to tie off a suture
when an artery has blood flowing through it."

The challenge in manufacturing was perfecting the design so that the clip does
not release while being passed through tissue but does so easily enough that it
can be released in one pinch, explained Maroney.

Since its launch, the device has been used in more than 35,000 anatomizes in
peripheral vascular, transplant and general surgical procedures.

So why put your product through such rigorous testing?

"We knew that a study of this depth and scope had the potential to make or break
us as a company," Maroney noted. "We're the first and only anastomotic device
company to choose to validate our technology in a multicenter, multi-surgeon
study with six-month angiographer follow-up."

"We challenged our technology on arguably the toughest anatomies on the body,
the distal coronaries on the beating heart, and compared our data to the
standard of care that's been established over the last 20 years," Maroney said.
"Had we not demonstrated superior outcomes, we would have been finished as a
company. Instead, we established a new standard."

Privately held, Coalescent was founded in 1997. The company reported raising $10
million in equity financing in August of 2000, with an additional round of $23
million raised in August of 2001.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                          Copyright 2002 AHC Media LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             374 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 21, 2014 Friday

US Patent granted to Endologix, Inc (California) on March 18 titled as
"Apparatus and method of placement of a graft or graft system"

LENGTH: 184  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 8,672,989, on
March 18, 2014, to Endologix, Inc (California), titled as "Apparatus and method
of placement of a graft or graft system"

Inventors:  Schreck; Stefan G. (Fallbrook, CA), Benjamin; Joshua (Aliso Viejo,
CA), Mayberry; Kevin (Mission Viejo, CA)

Assignee:  Endologix, Inc. (Irvine, CA)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "An
endoluminal prosthesis system deployable in a region of a patient's vasculature
having one or more branch vessels, having a main graft body having a first
opening in a wall portion of the main graft body and a pre-loaded guidewire
positioned inside the main graft body and advanced through the first opening.
One or more branch grafts can be attached to the main graft body to cover one or
more openings in the main graft body."

The patent was filed on July 11, 2012 Application no.  13/546,950

For more information please visit: http://www.uspto.gov/. In case of any query
regarding this article or other content needs please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             375 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Medical Device Daily

                             April 1, 2008 Tuesday

Product Briefs

LENGTH: 575 words


Product Briefs

o Cook Medical (Bloomington, Indiana) reported the U.S. launch of the
self-adhesive Surgisis Biodesign staple line reinforcement. The self-adhesive
graft is a natural solution for the reinforcement of gastric staple lines during
gastric bypass procedures. The graft is designed to improve staple line strength
while decreasing bleeding, leakage and the subsequent risk of infection.
Sturgisis offers resistance to infection and complete remodeling - with the
benefits of moderate price, ease of use and ample shelf life for on-site
availability. Upon deployment, the graft provides a seal along the staple line.
Then, over time, the graft communicates with the patient's body, signaling
surrounding tissue to grow across the scaffold where the tissue is stapled.
While supporting the tissue, the naturally derived staple line reinforcement
begins to remodel into strong, fully vascularised tissue, providing a secure
reinforcement. Cook makes interventional devices.

o Delcath Systems (New York) reported results from a study of the chemotherapy
agent melphalan, delivered via its percutaneous hepatic perfusion (PHP) system,
in patients with inoperable liver metastases from primary neuroendocrine tumors.
The Delcath PHP system was designed to isolate blood flow from the liver,
deliver very high doses of anti-cancer agent, then filter a majority of the
agent out of the blood from the treated area. This process allows patients with
large and diffuse liver tumors to receive a concentrated, site-specific
treatment where resection, ablation, and embolization are not feasible or have
failed to halt spread of the cancer. Delcath is a developmental stage company
testing its percutaneous perfusion technology for the isolated delivery of high
doses of therapeutic and chemotherapeutic agents.

o Encision (Boulder, Colorado) said that it is launching its new disposable
hand-activated fixed-tip electrode line of laparoscopic instruments. The new
electrode line features hand activation for surgeons who prefer to energize the
electrode via a fingertip switch rather than pressing their foot on a foot
pedal. The new product line consists of a disposable handle with integral cord
and disposable electrodes available in six popular tip styles. The disposable
electrodes are available in both 35cm lengths for routine procedures and 45cm
lengths for bariatric procedures. Encision makes surgical devices that allow
surgeons to optimize technique and patient safety during a broad range of
surgical procedures.

o A two component silicone rubber system called MasterSil 151MED made by Master
Bond (Hackensack, New Jersey), has been certified for medical applications per
the USP Class VI specification. The base resin, upon addition of the curing
agent, cures at ambient or more quickly at elevated temperatures to a tough,
flexible, optically clear silicone rubber. The low viscosity of this silicone
elastomer compound assures complete fill-in around complicated contours in even
very complex configurations. This characteristic together with its 160%
elongation, low linear shrinkage of less than 0.1%, low outgassing, electrical
insulation, in addition to its resistance to vibration and shock makes MasterSil
151MED suitable both medically and physically for the most demanding casting,
potting and encapsulation applications. Master Bond makes medical adhesives for
disposable, reusable and implantable medical device assembly.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                          Copyright 2008 AHC Media LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             376 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                              May 9, 2006 Tuesday
                                  Main Edition

Firm with Atlanta plant named in body parts suit

BYLINE: JEFF NESMITH

SECTION: METRO NEWS; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 509 words


Washington --- Medicraft Inc., a hospital equipment manufacturer with a plant on
Northside Parkway in Atlanta, has joined a short list of companies named as
defendants in lawsuits stemming from New York's stolen body parts investigation.

Medicraft was named in a suit filed late Friday in Fulton County State Court by
Darlean Adams, a Danielsville, Ga., woman who claims she received spinal grafts
in February 2005 of material traced to the alleged New York scheme.

Adams claims in her suit that Medicraft "distributed the tainted allograft" that
was implanted into her. She is seeking unspecified monetary damages.

Nearly 100 Atlanta area patients who received grafts of human tissue at six
Atlanta area hospitals in the last two years have been told that the tissue may
be diseased because it came from body parts stolen from funeral home corpses.
The unidentified patients have been advised to be tested for HIV/AIDS, syphilis
and hepatitis B and C because their graft material was not properly screened for
the infections.

A Medicraft employee refused Monday to answer questions about Adams' lawsuit,
but the firm's Web page indicated it manufactures sterile containers used to
ship medical equipment and supplies.

A former New Jersey dental surgeon and three other men were indicted in February
on charges that they secretly cut body parts from more than 1,000 funeral home
corpses and sold them into the lucrative human tissue market.

Scores of lawsuits have been filed around the country by people who have been
notified that the bone and tissue grafts they received over the past two years
came from the alleged funeral home thefts.

Most of the lawsuits name the former dental surgeon, Michael Mastromarino, as a
defendant, along with his company, Biomedical Tissue Services Inc., of Fort Lee,
N.J., and several companies that received the material and processed it into
products for use as grafts and implants.

After the alleged tissue harvesting scheme came to light, the Food and Drug
Administration ordered companies that had received material from Biomedical
Tissue Services to recall unused parts, and urged hospitals to have recipients
tested for hepatitis, HIV-AIDS and syphilis.

Only a handful of recipients have said they contracted disease from the
engrafted tissue.

Adams said her surgery took place at St. Mary's Hospital in Athens.

In a separate suit, Norman Zappa, a welding instructor at DeKalb Technical
Institute, charged that spinal implants he received last June had been traced to
the alleged harvesting scheme. Zappa's lawsuit, filed in DeKalb Superior Court
in March, was shifted to U.S. District Court in Atlanta last week, records show.

In an interview Monday, Zappa said his surgery was performed at North Fulton
Regional Hospital in Roswell. The hospital is not named in the suit.

Zappa, who said the surgery relieved pain he had experienced for more than 30
years because of an industrial accident, has started an Internet forum for other
patients who received questionable tissue. The forum is at
www.victimsofthestolentissue.com

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2006 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                             377 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      The Meadville Tribune (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           November 8, 2012 Thursday

Rally this weekend will raise funds to aide burned horse

BYLINE: Keith Gushard, The Meadville Tribune, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 744 words


Nov. 08--MEADVILLE -- As an Athens Township horse continues to recover from
being set on fire 10 weeks ago, northwestern Pennsylvania horse owners and horse
fanciers are set to rally this Saturday in Erie County to draw attention to
animal cruelty.

Northstar, a 6-year-old paint horse owned by Jessie Woodworth of Centerville,
was doused with a flammable liquid and then set on fire between 7 p.m. Aug. 25
and 6 p.m. Aug. 26 while in an Athens Township pasture, according to
Pennsylvania State Police at Corry. The suspect in the case remains unknown.

"We want to raise awareness and money," said Jayne May, an organizer of
Saturday's rally and a friend of Woodworth's. The event includes a horse ride-in
from the Erie area to Waterford with 100 horses expected to participate.

Funds raised will be used to help pay for Northstar's ongoing medical care, May
said.

Woodworth said she and her family are overwhelmed by the support given to
Northstar.

"There have been a lot of supplies donated. We appreciate everything people are
willing to do for him," she said Sunday. "It's just amazing what the horse
community is like. People in it are always willing to help each other."

May and other horse and animal enthusiasts are hoping to get Pennsylvania's
animal cruelty law updated to a felony level  when the state's new legislative
session convenes in January. Currently, animal cruelty is only a misdemeanor
offense in Pennsylvania.

Northstar sustained burns on more than 70 percent of its body from the incident
and is recovering at Ohio State University Veterinary School where it was sent
for burn treatment.

Northstar had 80 plug-type skin grafts on Oct. 20 and each graft is 8
millimeters in size, Woodworth said. Each 8-mm graft is equal to 0.31 inches.
Northstar is scheduled to get another 60 plug-type skin grafts on Tuesday.

The horse also has had stem cell therapy injections into its back to help
stimulate new skin growth in the burn areas.

Stem cells are biological cells found in all multicellular organisms, that can
divide and differentiate into diverse specialized cell types and can self-renew
to produce more stem cells. Stem cells that lie just beneath the skin have been
used by scientists to engineer new skin tissue that can be grafted.

Northstar is doing well at Ohio State, but the drawback is there isn't a pasture
at the facility, according to Woodworth.

"It's great, but it's a medical facility," she said. "He needs to act like a
horse. He was always free in the pasture. He's not used to being cooped up at
all. That's getting to him more than anything else."

Following this week's round of skin grafts, plans call for Northstar to be sent
to a farm in Ohio for physical therapy for a few weeks before additional grafts
are done.

Woodworth will travel to Columbus, Ohio, later this week to see Northstar and
get an update on his condition.

Learning of Northstar's plight this past summer is what drew Rick Kreider, an
Erie-area horse enthusiast, to coordinate Saturday's upcoming ride-in.

"I have six of them and all of us owners love our horses," he said. "This ride
(of 100 horses) will be very visible to the public."

The ride of about 3 miles will be from the parking lot of Eriez Speedway, 9821
Sampson Road, Erie, south to the clubhouse at Mound Grove Golf Course, 10760
Donation Road, Waterford. Those wanting to participate in the ride are asked to
get sponsors, Kreider said.

The horses and riders will set out at noon to arrive at the golf course by 1
p.m.

The rally itself will be from 1 to 6 p.m. at the clubhouse of the golf course.
The rally features a rigatoni and meatball dinner, pick-a-prize auction,
raffles, and other fund-raisers as well as entertainment. Tickets for the rally
$10 in advance and $15 at the door.

Keith Gushard can be reached at 724-6370 or by email at
kgushard@meadvilletribune.com

You can help

A rally and fundraiser for Northstar, an Athens Township horse injured when it
was set on fire in late August, will be Saturday from 1 to 6 p.m. at the
clubhouse at Mound Grove Golf Course, 10760 Donation Road, Waterford.

Tickets for the Rally for Northstar are on sale at helpnorthstar.com and are $10
in advance and $15 at the door.

n More information: Call Rick Kreider at (814) 490-3007 for information on the
ride-in; or Jayne May at (814) 868-7963 for the rally.

___ (c)2012 The Meadville Tribune (Meadville, Pa.) Visit The Meadville Tribune
(Meadville, Pa.) at meadvilletribune.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: November 9, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20121108-XM-Rally-this-weekend-will-raise-funds-to-aide-burned-horse-1108-201211
08

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: XM


                      Copyright 2012 The Meadville Tribune


                             378 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Medical Device Daily

                          September 30, 1999 Thursday

Briefly Noted

LENGTH: 955 words

Briefly Noted

Gish cuts work force  Gish Biomedical (Irvine, California) said last week it
will cut its work force by 23% and will continue "to evaluate all possible
further cost-saving measures." Gish said in a statement that it was attempting
to improve its ability to compete and to decrease overhead and production costs.
The company said it will be paying out $100,000 for severance packages, to be
charged to operations in the quarter ending Sept. 30.

Gish designs and manufactures disposable medical devices for various surgical
specialties, including cardiovascular surgery, orthopedics and oncology. Gish
reports that its current outstanding stock totals almost 3.5 million shares.

CardioTech receives cell seeding grant  CardioTech International (Woburn,
Massachusetts), a company focused on development of devices for treating
late-stage cardiovascular disease, has received a grant of nearly $100,000 from
the National Heart, Lung and Blood Institute to test the feasibility of seeding
endothelial cells on coronary artery bypass grafts. The company will collaborate
with Virginia Commonwealth University (VCU; Richmond, Virginia) in seeding
small-bore vascular grafts with the intent to show that endothelial-seeded
coronary artery bypass grafts display superior long-term antithrombogenic
properties.

The principal investigator will be Dr. Michael Szycher, chairman and CEO of
CardioTech and a specialist in the field of implantable polymers. Commenting on
the grant, Szycher said that CardioTech "aims to become the premier supplier of
synthetic coronary artery bypass grafts in the next century."

Co-principal investigator Dr. Gary Bowlin, assistant professor of biomedical
engineering at VCU, said that development of an artificial vessel "would
constitute a medical breakthrough of the highest order" and would benefit the
650,000 patients who undergo coronary artery bypass surgeries worldwide each
year.

Organ tolerance milestone triggers $2.5M payment  BioTransplant (Charlestown,
Massachusetts) said this week that it will receive $2.5 million from Novartis AG
(Basel, Switzerland) for achieving a key milestone in its research collaboration
with the company. The milestone involved inducing organ tolerance in a large
animal model following an improved preparative treatment regimen, the company
said. Mixed chimerism and organ tolerance - both key components of the company's
xenotransplantation approach - were achieved in a proof-of-concept
demonstration. BioTransplant's XenoMune system technology is being developed to
enable the transplantation of pig organs into humans.

Paul Herrling, PhD, global head of research for Novartis, termed the
collaboration with BioTransplant important to a "commitment to the organ
transplantation field and to exploring novel solutions such as
xenotransplantation to the organ donor shortage."

BioTransplant's approach to transplantation, termed "functional tolerance," is
designed to allow the recipient's immune system to accept donor tissue as "self"
without compromising the recipient's immune defenses.

Proton therapy gains acceptance, ground  Optivus Technology (San Bernardino,
California), a developer of proton beam therapy systems used for treating cancer
and other diseases, has received a formal letter of intent from the University
of Florida College of Medicine (Gainsville and Jacksonville, Florida) to build a
multimillion-dollar proton beam treatment facility in Jacksonville. The move
signifies the increasing acceptance of protons as a valid and successful
treatment option for cancer, Optivus said.

Protons have been used in research environments for more than 40 years, and have
only recently moved into the hospital setting, according to Optivus, whose
engineers provided the patented technology for the development of the Proton
Treatment Center at Loma Linda University Medical Center (Loma Linda,
California). Almost 5,000 cancer patients have been treated there since 1990.
The California facility has helped bring proton treatment to the forefront of
medicine by driving strong clinical outcomes, expansion of treatment
applications, increased system efficiency and acceptance by Medicare, with a
proven safety record and system reliability, Optivus said.

Funds for the nearly $80 million Florida facility are expected to come from
philanthropic gifts, industrial partnerships and state funding. Site feasibility
studies are under way. The facility could break ground as early as January, with
completion in three years.

Montefiore to establish Heart Transplant Center  The New York State Department
of Health granted approval to Montefiore Medical Center, the university hospital
for the Albert Einstein College of Medicine (New York), to establish a Heart
Transplant Center for both adults and children in the New York metropolitan
area, including Westchester County and the Hudson Valley.

Montefiore has in recent years recruited several heart specialists to lead its
faculty. Jeffrey Gold, MD, a cardiothoracic surgeon, was appointed chairman of
the department of cardiothoracic surgery in 1996, and J. Anthony Ware, MD, a
clinical cardiologist, was appointed in 1997 to lead the Unified Division of
Cardiology. The physicians - along with services such as an electrophysi
ology/arrhythmia program, five diagnostic/interventional catheterization
laboratories, and strong programs in cardiothoracic surgery and heart failure -
have contributed to Montefiore's strong foundation for the Heart Transplant
Center.

The Health Department's approval "represents years of effort and teamwork within
the Montefiore Einstein Heart Center," said Gold, and enables the center "to
offer a complete surgical-care spectrum to [its] patients."

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                          Copyright 1999 AHC Media LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             379 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                            August 8, 2009 Saturday

High school football: Snow Canyon Warriors 2009 preview

BYLINE: James Edward Deseret News

LENGTH: 750 words


ST. GEORGE ? Jay Graft is back coaching at the school that fired him five years
ago. Some wonder why he's being given another chance as Snow Canyon's head
football coach if things didn't work out during his previous stint from 2002 to
2004. Graft understands those concerns, but he also doesn't believe things
weren't as bad as they seemed the first go around.

He's been a teacher at Snow Canyon ever since he was fired as head coach, and
even served as an assistant coach in the two years after his dismissal. Graft
said it was painful to watch a once proud program fall into disarray the past
two seasons, but it's why he was so eager to get back on the sideline. "We just
all felt like we don't want to leave it like this," said Graft, whose been a
teacher at Snow Canyon every year but one since the school opened. The Warriors
were brutal in 2008 finishing with a 2-7 record despite the talents of Adam Timo
in the backfield. In coach Rick Secrist's first of two disappointing seasons in
2007 Snow Canyon finished 5-4 but missed the playoffs. "As far as the community
goes they expect to win and they've been used to winning, and I think that
bothered them the last couple of years," said Graft. In an effort to get the
program back on track Graft is doing away with the spread offense and reverting
to a more traditional offense. He said they'll run the football a lot more,
while also trying to remain unpredictable by throwing it out of play action and
roll outs. With a completely overhauled offensive and defensive philosophy,
Graft believe the first three games are going to be very important. A fair
amount of the returning starters are changing positions this year, and Graft
said those early games will help the coaching staff decide if they've put people
in the right spots. Two positions in particular, running back and defensive
line, are the most up in the air. With the regular season fast approaching, Snow
Canyon is prepared to spread the ball between three tailbacks ? Sharrod Smith,
Nick Bott and Chase Robinson ? and two fullbacks ? Brett Schiller and Jake
Jorgenson. "You'll see about all of them playing early on especially, and then
we'll go from there," said Graft, who hopes one or two of the players emerge as
go-to ball carriers. Defensively, Graft believes in speed on the line even at
the sacrifice of size. He has a lot of kids vying for playing time at that
position, but he's still not sure how things will play out over the coming
weeks. Austin Larsen is a returning part-time starter at quarterback having
shared the duty with Timo last year. From an outsiders point of view, Graft
believes the Warriors were better when Larsen was taking the snaps which is why
he's encouraged about Larsen's potential this season. Overall, the entire Snow
Canyon team is encouraged about a bounce back year following two straight years
of missing the playoffs. Snow Canyon Warriors at a glance Coach: Jay Graft is in
his 1st year of his second stint with Snow Canyon. His overall head coaching
record in four years is 24-17. Key Players: Chad Gough and Adam Bishop will
anchor an experienced offensive line that Austin Larsen has the potential to
shine behind at quarterback. Tyler Miller is a talented tight end as well.
Strengths: With upwards of 140 kids coming out this year, depth could be a
strength for the Warriors. Offensively the team has some key returning starters
on the line and several quality options in the backfield. Another plus is at
wide receiver. With the previous coaching regime using the spread offense in
2007 and 2008, there's no shortage of players who can run routs and catch the
football. Concerns: How supportive will the community be of coach Graft?
Everyone is saying the right things but will people panic if the rebuilding
process takes a bit longer? On the field, there's some concern defensively with
unproven players all the way across the line.  Last year: 2-7, didn't make the
playoffs. Predicted Region 9 (4A) finish: Third. Postseason possibilities: Even
if Snow Canyon turns things around, it's hard to imagine them finishing higher
than Dixie and Pine View in the standings. That would mean a third straight year
missing the playoffs. 2009 Schedule Aug. 21 ? EAST, 7 p.m. Aug. 28 ? at Morgan,
7 p.m. Sept. 4 ? at Las Vegas, 8 p.m. Sept. 11 ? at Canyon View, 7 p.m. Sept. 18
? at Hurricane, 7 p.m. Sept. 25 ? CEDAR, 7 p.m. Oct. 2 ? DESERT HILLS, 7 p.m.
Oct. 8 ? at Dixie, 7 p.m. Oct. 14 ? PINE VIEW, 7 p.m. E-mail:
jedward@desnews.com

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2009 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                             380 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Medical Device Daily

                            October 18, 2002 Friday

Product Briefs

LENGTH: 969 words


Product Briefs

· Lake Consumer Products (LCP), a provider of health and personal care products,
unveiled a national retail launch of FertilMARQ, a test for male infertility.
FertilMARQ is the first FDA-approved home diagnostic test to assess sperm
concentration, one of the more important parameters for evaluating male
infertility during a preliminary reproductive workup. The test is manufactured
by Embryotech Laboratories (Wilmington, Washington), and is being distributed by
LCP. The test allows couples trying to conceive a child to evaluate two separate
semen samples in the privacy of their home. It is the first product for men from
the BabyStart family products, which offers a line of home fertility tests for
women. In September 2001, the test received FDA approval as a fertility
diagnostic and has been available in Europe since the spring of this year.

·Natus Medial  (San Carlos, California) has launched its new neoBlue LED
phototherapy light. This new product is designed to enhance the line of products
and services that the company provides to assist clinicians with the management
of newborn jaundice. Phototherapy is a procedure used by healthcare providers to
treat newborn jaundice, a condition in which the body produces an excessive
amount of a potentially toxic substance called bilirubin. The device
incorporates blue light-emitting diodes (LEDs) as a light source. These LEDs
emit a high-intensity band of blue light, which is clinically proven to be
effective in the breakdown of bilirubin. Because device emits significantly less
ultraviolet light and heat than conventional phototherapy devices, it reduces
the risk of skin damage and heat loss to infants. Natus received 510(k)
clearance from the FDA to market the neoBlue light and will introduce the
product at the American Academy of Pediatrics annual meeting in Boston,
Massachusetts, this weekend. Natus makes screening devices that assist in the
detection and/or treatment of common disorders in babies.

· OmniSonics Medical Technologies (Wilmington, Massachusetts) said it has
received an investigational device exemption (IDE) from the FDA to commence a
U.S. clinical trial of its Resolution System for the treatment of thrombosed
synthetic hemodialysis grafts. OmniSonics is developing a series of products to
treat vascular occlusive disease based on its OmniWave technology. The
prospective, multi-center clinical trial will target thrombosed synthetic
dialysis access grafts to demonstrate safety and efficacy in rapidly clearing
grafts. The principal investigator will be John Lipman, MD, director of the
Center for Minimally Invasive Therapy (MICRO; Atlanta, Georgia). "Occlusions in
hemodialysis grafts cause significant patient suffering and are a growing
clinical and economic problem," Lipman said. "The use of acoustic energy along
the length of a small diameter wire is a very promising method for clearing
thrombosed grafts rapidly and efficiently." The Resolution System consists of
three main components - a generator, handpiece and the Resolution 360
Therapeutic Wire. The single patient contact therapeutic wire is designed to
target thrombotic material using low-power acoustic energy 360 degrees around
its active 20 cm length. OmniSonics is a privately held medical device company
focused on bringing products for vascular occlusive disease to market.

· Pall (East Hills, New Jersey) said the FDA has granted approval to market a
new leukocyte (white blood cell) reduction filter that processes blood faster
and with greater improved plasma recovery. Plasma is the critical source of
life-saving drugs, such as Factor VIII for the management of hemophilia. The
company said that the Pall RC2D Leukocyte Reduction Filter allows blood centers
to routinely process high volumes of red blood cells, even under extreme
conditions such as hard-spun blood held for 72 hours in the cold, while
providing consistent and reliable reduction of white blood cells. "The RC2D
Leukocyte Reduction Filter comes at a time in blood banking when every drop
counts," said Samuel Wortham, president of Pall Medical. "This new filter will
enable blood banks to process more blood in less time while providing the safest
blood for transfusion," he added.

· Quest Diagnostics (Teterboro, New Jersey), a provider of diagnostic testing
services, introduced its new CF Complete test at the annual meeting of the
American Society of Human Genetics. The CF Complete test enables physicians to
identify rare mutations that cause cystic fibrosis (CF) by sequencing the
complete coding sequence of the cystic fibrosis gene. Developed at Quest's
Nichols Institute (San Juan Capistrano, California) esoteric testing laboratory,
the CF Complete test enhances the company's position in prenatal genetics
testing, it said. The test identifies more than 1,000 distinct mutations and
provides more information than traditional CF screening tests to assist
physicians in diagnosing, counseling or treating individuals with family history
or clinical symptoms of cystic fibrosis. The Nichols Institute will perform the
testing.

· UltraVisual Medical Systems (Madison, Wisconsin), a developer of scalable
digital image management solutions, unveiled the clinical release of version 2.1
of its flagship product, VisualPACS, which physicians use for rapid access to
diagnostic medical information across the enterprise. The technology allows
physicians to display, distribute and store medical images digitally without
film. UltraVisual's software-based solution is based on communications and
integration standards such as DICOM, IHE, JPEG2000 and JAVA, which are widely
accepted in the medical imaging community. VisualPACS received market clearance
for primary diagnosis, clinical review and image distribution applications in
July 2001.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                          Copyright 2002 AHC Media LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             381 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 23, 2014 Saturday

USPTO Published Patent application of CREATIVASC MEDICAL, LLC titled as
"ARTERIOVENOUS ACCESS VALVE SYSTEM AND PROCESS"

LENGTH: 218  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an application no.
20140236063, published on August 21, 2014, by CREATIVASC MEDICAL, LLC, titled as
"ARTERIOVENOUS ACCESS VALVE SYSTEM AND PROCESS" for the registration of patent.

Inventors: Cull; David L.; (Greenville, SC)
Assignee: CREATIVASC MEDICAL, LLC
Greenville
SC

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "In
accordance with certain aspects of the present disclosure, a subcutaneous
arteriovenous graft system is described. The system includes an arteriovenous
graft having an arterial end and an opposite venous end, at least one of the
arterial end and venous end including a support frame. The system further
includes a first valve device positioned at the arterial end of the
arteriovenous graft and a second valve device positioned at the venous end of
the arteriovenous graft and an actuator in communication with both the first
valve device and the second valve device, the actuator being configured to cause
each valve device to open or close simultaneously."

The Patent was filed on September 21, 2012 under application No. 20140236063

For more information please visit: http://www.uspto.gov/. In case of any query
regarding this article or other content needs please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             382 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                           October 27, 2016 Thursday

Head Line: European Patent Office granted patent to CLEVELAND CLINIC FOUNDATION
[US] titled as "STENT GRAFT FIXATION COUPLING"

LENGTH: 150 words

DATELINE: New York


Munich: European Patent Office has granted patent no. EP2349084 on October 26,
2016, to CLEVELAND CLINIC FOUNDATION [US] titled as "STENT GRAFT FIXATION
COUPLING"

Inventor(s): WEST KARL [US]; GREENBERG ROY K [US] + (WEST, KARL, ; GREENBERG,
ROY, K)



Applicant(s): CLEVELAND CLINIC FOUNDATION [US] + (THE CLEVELAND CLINIC
FOUNDATION)

Priority number(s): WO2009US04805 20090824 ; US20080092150P 20080827

According to the abstract published by the European Patent Office on its
website: "A small vessel stent graft (30; 62) with a fixation coupling (10; 50)
that has a hyperboloid shape positioned at or near the proximal end of the graft
(30; 62). The coupling (10; 50) may be deployed within the fenestration (42; 65)
of a fenestrated graft (40; 60) to provide multi-directional movement without
compromising the integrity of the sealing zone."

The patent was filed under Application No. EP20090789194 20090824


LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             383 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                         GlobalData - Company Overview

                                January 19, 2017

                             NovaBone Products LLC

                       Suite 105, 1551 Atlantic Boulevard
                               Jacksonville 32207
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *


   NovaBone Products LLC (NovaBone) is a medical device company that develops
and markets bone graft substitutes based on advancements in biomedical
engineering and orthopedic and dental surgeons. The company's products include
numerous formulations and delivery systems, bone graft substitutes, bioactive
synthetic bone grafts, biologically active Ca and Si ions, calcium phospho
silicate, orthopedic products, and dental products. Its orthopedic formulations
comprise putty, MIS delivery systems, macropor, particulate, morsels,
macroforms, and strip bone grafts. NovaBone also provides bone formations,
phosphate ions, bioengineered material coined bioactive glass products,
periodontal devices, and synthetic bone graft substitutes materials. The company
operates in the US and China. NovaBone is headquartered in Jacksonville,
Florida, the US.


* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Company Overview                        Company Product Pipeline Analysis
Events                                  Key Operational Employees
Key Facts                               Locations and Subsidiaries
Major Products and Services             Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect .

LOAD-DATE: January 19, 2017


                             384 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        Progressive Media - Company News

                              June 9, 2014 Monday

Lombard Medical showcases Aorfix endovascular stent graft at SVS annual meeting

SECTION: CARDIOVASCULAR DEVICES; News

LENGTH: 237 words



HIGHLIGHT: US-based Lombard Medical has showcased its Aorfix endovascular stent
graft at the 2014 Society for Vascular Surgery (SVS) annual meeting in Boston.


The Aorfix endovascular stent graft was specifically designed to solve the
problems that exist in treating complex tortuous anatomy, which is often present
in advanced abdominal aortic aneurysms (AAA) disease.

Dr Mark Fillinger, principal investigator for the Pythagoras trial, will present
'Clinical Experience Treating Highly Angulated AAAs On-Label Using the Aorfix
Endovascular Stent Graft' at the SVS Vascular Live symposium.

Lombard Medical has also showcased Aorfix with simulation tools to demonstrate
the technical and clinical benefits of the stent graft in various case scenarios
with complex anatomies.

Lombard Medical CEO Simon Hubbert said that Aorfix provides a safe, effective,
and FDA-approved solution for patients with challenging aortic neck anatomies,
representing a significant advancement in the treatment of AAA.

"We are pleased that the physician community continues to be receptive to
Aorfix, and we look forward to working with key centers to expand our presence
in the US," Hubbert added.

In September 2009, Lombard Medical completed the randomized, controlled
Pythagoras Investigational Device Exemption study. This study enrolled 210
patients across 41 US medical centers, as well as three in Canada and one in
Poland.

The FDA had granted premarket approval for the company in February 2013 for the
Aorfix endovascular stent graft to treat patients with aortic neck angulations
between 0-90 degrees.

LOAD-DATE: June 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2014 Progressive Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             385 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Medical Device Daily

                           February 12, 2013 Tuesday

Patent roundup: MiMedx gets 4 patents related to tissue grafts from placentas

LENGTH: 534 words

A Medical Device Daily Staff Report

MiMedx Group (Kennesaw, Georgia), an integrated developer of patent protected
regenerative biomaterials and bioimplants processed from human amniotic
membrane, reported its receipt of four new issued patents related to tissue
grafts derived from the placenta.

The U.S. Patent Office (USPTO) has issued to MiMedx U.S. Patent Number
8,357,403, "Placental Tissue Grafts," with a grant date of January 22, 2013. The
U.S Patent Office has also issued to MiMedx the following three patents with a
grant date of February 12, 2013: U.S. Patent Number 8,372,437, "Improved
Placental Tissue Grafts"; U.S. Patent Number 8,372,438, "Method For Inhibiting
Adhesion Formation Using Improved Placental Grafts"; and U.S. Patent Number
8,372,439, "Method For Treating a Wound Using Improved Placental Tissue Graft."
The new patents relate to the company's placental tissue allografts, including
AmnioFix and EpiFix brand allografts.

"These four newly issued patents bring the total to five placental-based U.S.
patents that we have recently been issued," said Parker "Pete" Petit,
chairman/CEO. "We are pleased with the pace of review and acceptance of our
patent applications preserving the unique intellectual property of our
proprietary AmnioFix and EpiFix technologies. At present, we have in excess of
20 additional patent applications that have been filed with the U.S. Patent
Office relating to these technologies and our placental tissue allografts. We
are encouraged about the prospects of receiving more significant patent
issuances resulting from our filings."

The MiMedx allografts produced from the company's proprietary PURION Process for
amniotic membrane tissue can be stored at room temperature for five years
without the need for refrigeration or freezing. The grafts can be utilized right
out of the package without a complicated thawing process. These critical
qualities of the MiMedx allografts allow hospitals, clinics and surgeons to
effectively manage their inventory of allografts.

In other patent news; Akonni Biosystems (Frederick, Maryland), a developer of
nucleic acid extraction products that are 2-fold to 5-fold faster than industry
gold standards, and low-cost mid-multiplex platforms for genetic testing, said
that the USPTO issued two patents for its novel method for amplifying nucleic
acids using polymerase chain reaction (PCR).

U.S. Patent Nos. 8,329,433 and 8,334,117 describe a rapid thermal cycling
approach for PCR applications that is virtually independent of reaction chamber
geometry. The approach exploits the efficient convective heat transfer mode
using a recirculating liquid that expands a flexible film and can perform 45 PCR
cycles in 25 minutes.

"These new flexible film controlled heating elements give Akonni the unique
ability to rapidly amplify nucleic acids and detect disease biomarkers within a
single enclosed reaction chamber on its proprietary plastic-based microarray
consumable," said Kevin Banks, PhD, VP of strategic development for Akonni. "The
components resulting from these patents are integral to the development of our
next generation of systems for low-cost mid-multiplex genetic testing in
point-of-care settings."

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                          Copyright 2013 AHC Media LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             386 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        Progressive Media - Company News

                          November 27, 2013 Wednesday

Medtronic's Endurant II AAA stent graft demonstrates long-term durability and
consistent outcomes

SECTION: BY MULTI-CHANNEL; Technology

LENGTH: 523 words



HIGHLIGHT: Medtronic has reported positive findings from the ongoing global
endurant stent graft natural selection global postmarket (ENGAGE) registry of
patients treated with the company's Endurant II AAA device.


Medtronic has reported positive findings from the ongoing global endurant stent
graft natural selection global postmarket (ENGAGE) registry of patients treated
with the company's Endurant II AAA device.

The Endurant stent graft is a self-expanding nitinol device designed for the
endovascular treatment of abdominal aortic aneurysms.

The study enrolled more than 1,200 patients at 79 sites across six continents
since 2008, after receiving CE Mark approval for Endurant system.

With five-year follow-up planned for all patients, the ENGAGE registry
represents the most robust post-market registry ever initiated for a
new-generation stent graft.

The latest registry update includes three-year follow-up data on 500 patients
enrolled in the global ENGAGE registry, with data showing a 98.4% rate of
freedom from aneurysm-related death and 90.7% freedom from revision subsequent
endovascular procedures following implantation of the Endurant II stent graft.

Graft-related complications were reportedly low with a 0% rate of whole body
migration and a 1.5% rate of Type I/III endoleak.

Positive results were also presented for the full 1,263 patient cohort evaluated
at two years of follow-up study.

A rigorous monitoring protocol has resulted in follow-up compliance of more than
90% in the ENGAGE registry, which is unprecedented for any registry and improves
the reliability of the data.

University Hospital of Heidelberg in Germany ENGAGE investigator Dr Dittmar
Böckler presented the data.

"The size and scope of the ENGAGE registry distinguish Medtronic among stent
graft makers as a committed partner in building the clinical evidence portfolio
for EVAR worldwide," he said.

"It is especially compelling to see that at three years, the Endurant system has
maintained durable, long-term outcomes in treating abdominal aortic aneurysms in
a real-world cohort that represents the types of challenging anatomies
physicians encounter in daily clinical practice."

The Endurant system is approved for use in patients with neck lengths of 10mm or
greater.

Additional analysis of the patient cohort revealed that 18% of the patients
treated had anatomical characteristics that do not fit within the device's
standard instructions for use.

The ENGAGE registry also features 10.5% of female patients, which is the largest
female cohort in any endovascular aortic repair clinical study, while 16% of
patients had symptomatic abdominal aortic aneurysms.

The Endurant II AAA stent graft system sets the standard for EVAR, with proven
performance in more than 100,000 patients worldwide.

With a comprehensive clinical programme that includes nearly 2,000 patients,
Medtronic is continuing to grow the body of clinical evidence for the Endurant
II system in both controlled settings and real-world practice.

The company presented the three-year clinical data from global ENGAGE registry
at the VEITHsymposium in New York City.

According to GlobalData estimates, the US abdominal aortic stent grafts market
was valued at $553m in 2012 and is expected to grow at a CAGR of 3.2% to reach
$690m by 2019.

Image: An Endurant AAA stent graft. Photo: courtesy of Medtronic, Inc.

LOAD-DATE: November 28, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2013 Progressive Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             387 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 11, 2016 Monday

New York: Honey Heals Skin Grafts Faster

LENGTH: 339  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Albany: American therapy society has issued the following news release:



  The management of the donor site after harvesting a skin graft is an important
issue, as patients often report more discomfort at the donor site than at the
recipient site. There is, however, a plethora of dressings available for the
treatment and management of donor sites, yet, there is no widely accepted method
established for these partial thickness wounds.





 Honey has been found to be useful in the treatment of burns and other wounds,
split-thickness skin graft donor sites are like partial thickness burn wounds
and honey's healing effect on burn wound can also be expected on these types of
wounds. Therefore, this study was undertaken to evaluate the effect of honey on
skin graft donor sites.



 From 2002 to 2004, 100 patients who have undergone skin grafting for various
reasons formed the material of the randomized study divided into two groups of
50 each in honey-treated group and Vaseline gauze-treated group. Graft donor
site area ranged from 30 to 48 cm(2), mean 32.6 cm(2). In the group treated with
honey, 90 % of the patients had nil or only moderate pain, whereas in the group
treated with Vaseline gauze,88 % had nil or mild pain (p &amp;gt; 0.001, not
significant). There were no allergic reactions in any of the patients in either
group. On opening of the dressing on the 7th day, epithelialization has occurred
in 48 patients as compared to 39 in group 2, i.e., donor sites treated with
Vaseline gauze (p &amp;lt; 0.05, statistically significant). By the 10th day,
all the wounds healed in honey-treated group, whereas 76 % of wounds healed in
Vaseline gauze-treated group (p &amp;lt; 0.05). At 1 month follow-up, the
results were comparable in both groups, with regard to patient satisfaction.



 In conclusion, honey-impregnated gauze causes less pain and heals donor sites
wounds faster with good cosmetic result.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             388 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 3, 2014 Monday

USPTO Published Patent application of MEDTRONIC-XOMED, INC titled as "DELIVERY
DEVICE FOR GRAFT MATERIAL"

LENGTH: 150  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an application no.
20140324013, published on October 30, 2014, by MEDTRONIC-XOMED, INC, titled as
"DELIVERY DEVICE FOR GRAFT MATERIAL" for the registration of patent.

Inventors:  Shadeck; Louis M.; (Jacksonville, FL) ; Berman; Phillip J.;
(Jacksonville, FL)
Assignee: MEDTRONIC-XOMED, INC.
Jacksonville
FL
US

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
method of delivering graft material to a surgical site includes positioning
graft material in a tube of a delivery device. The tube defines an open end and
a bend along its length. A plunger within the tube is advanced to dispense the
graft material through the open end."

The Patent was filed on April 26, 2013 under application No. 20140324013

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             389 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                             January 9, 2017 Monday

Shames; Murray applies for US Patent titled as "Universal Multi-Branch
Endograft"

LENGTH: 164 words

DATELINE: New York


ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an
application no. 20170000630 for US Patent, published on January 5, 2017, by
Shames; Murray, titled as "Universal Multi-Branch Endograft"  for the
registration of patent.



Inventors: Shames; Murray; (Tampa, FL) ; Oliveira; Gustavo Paludetto; (Brasilia,
BR)

Applicant: Shames; Murray Tampa US

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "The
present invention provides endovascular stent graft conversion devices, systems
and related methods that are particularly useful in aortic aneurysm repair, such
as, but not limited to, thoraco-abdominal aortic aneurysm (TAAA) repair. The
endovascular stent graft conversion device provided by the present invention
comprises a graft segment comprising a first end and a second end, wherein the
first end is adapted for engaging a limb of an endograft device, and wherein the
second end comprises three or more graft branches extending therefrom."


LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             390 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                     PR.com

                     January 18, 2017 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

Spinal Fusion to Boost Global Bone Grafts and Bone Grafts Substitutes Market by
2020 - iHealthcareAnalyst, Inc.

BYLINE: iHealthcareAnalyst, Inc.

LENGTH: 745  words


Maryland Heights, MO,  January 18, 2017 --(PR.com)-- The bone graft substitutes
segment accounted for the largest share of the global bone grafts and
substitutes market in 2015. The tremendous increase in the number of orthopedic
surgeries performed worldwide with higher preference for knee construction,
partial hip replacement, and spinal fusion are the main drivers for the growth
of this market. On an average approximately 450,000 spinal fusions are performed
in the U.S. each year. The global bone grafts and bone grafts substitutes market
growing at the rate of 5.3% CAGR and estimated to reach USD 3.1 Billion by 2020
due to technological advancement and increase in surgical procedures.

Bone grafting is a surgical procedure that replaces the missing or damaged bone
by natural or synthetic bone. There are three major types of bone grafts:
autografts, allografts, and bone substitutes. Modern bone grafts, bone grafts
substitutes and bioactive factors enhance the natural healing process via
osteoinductive, osteoconductive and osteogenic mechanisms in suboptimal
conditions. Autologous, allogenic and synthetic substrates contribute to modern
fracture care and bone loss. Bone grafts and bone grafts substitutes should be
biocompatible, osteoconductive, osteoinductive, structurally similar to bone,
easy to use, and cost effective. Autogenous bone grafts contain osteoblast and
endosteal osteoprogenitor cells for regenerating the new bone, while limited
supply and high donor site morbidity rate are major disadvantages associated
with it.

Browse Bone Grafts and Bone Grafts Substitutes Market - Product Types
(Demineralized Bone Matrix Allografts, and Bone Graft Substitutes - Bone
Morphogenic Proteins and Synthetic Bone Graft Extenders) and Medical
Applications (Craniomaxilofacial, Dental, Foot and Ankle, Joint Reconstruction,
Long Bone, and Spinal Fusion) 2016-2020 at
https://www.ihealthcareanalyst.com/report/bone-grafts-and-substitutes-market/

The global bone grafts and bone grafts substitutes market report provides market
size estimates (Revenue USD million - 2013 to 2020) for key market segments
based on product type (demineralized bone matrix allografts, and bone graft
substitutes - bone morphogenic proteins and synthetic bone graft extenders) and
its medical applications (craniomaxilofacial, dental, foot and ankle, joint
reconstruction, long bone, and spinal fusion), and forecasts growth trends
(CAGR% - 2016 to 2020). The global bone grafts and bone grafts substitutes
market report also provides the detailed market landscape (market drivers,
restraints, opportunities), market attractiveness analysis and profiles of major
competitors in the global market including company overview, financial snapshot,
key products, technologies and services offered, and recent developments. The
global bone grafts and bone grafts substitutes market research report is divided
by geography (regional and country based) into North America (U.S., Canada),
Latin America (Brazil, Mexico, Rest of LA), Europe (U.K., Germany, France,
Italy, Spain, Rest of EU), Asia Pacific (Japan, China, India, Rest of APAC), and
Rest of the World.

Major players operating in the global bone grafts and bone grafts substitutes
market and included in this report are DePuy Synthes Companies, Zimmer Biomet
Holdings, Inc., Baxter International, Inc., Medtronic plc, Stryker Corporation,
Wright Medical Technology Inc., AlloSource, NuVasive Inc., and Orthofix
Holdings, Inc.

To request Table of Contents and Sample Pages of this report visit:

https://www.ihealthcareanalyst.com/report/bone-grafts-and-substitutes-market/

About Us

iHealthcareAnalyst, Inc. is a global healthcare market research and consulting
company providing market analysis, and competitive intelligence services to
global clients. The company publishes syndicate, custom and consulting grade
healthcare reports covering animal healthcare, biotechnology, clinical
diagnostics, healthcare informatics, healthcare services, medical devices,
medical equipment, and pharmaceuticals.

In addition to multi-client studies, we offer creative consulting services and
conduct proprietary single-client assignments targeted at client's specific
business objectives, information needs, time frame and budget. Please contact us
to receive a proposal for a proprietary single-client study.

Contact Us

iHealthcareAnalyst, Inc.

2109, Mckelvey Hill Drive,

Maryland Heights, MO 63043

United States

Email: sales@ihealthcareanalyst.com

LOAD-DATE: January 18, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


               Copyright 2017 PR.com, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             391 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Medical Device Daily

                             August 13, 2010 Friday

Court Report: Bard unit sues Endologix for patent infringement

LENGTH: 388 words

A Medical Device Daily Staff Report

Bard Peripheral Vascular (Tempe, Arizona), a business unit of C.R. Bard (Murray
Hill, New Jersey), has filed a patent infringement lawsuit in the U.S. District
Court of Arizona against competitor Endologix (Irvine, California), alleging
that Endologix's high density ePTFE graft material, which the company uses for
its Powerlink system, infringes on Bard's prosthetic vascular graft patent in
the U.S.

Endologix says it intends to "vigorously defend" its position.

"We are well versed on the patent cited in the lawsuit," said John McDermott,
president/CEO. "Based on significant prior evaluations, testing and outside
legal reviews, we are confident in our belief that we do not infringe the
patent. Before developing and manufacturing our own in-house ePTFE graft
material, we conducted a deep and thorough review of the patent landscape to
insure that we would not infringe on any existing intellectual property. This
included a specific, rigorous review of the Bard Peripheral patent named in the
lawsuit, both internally and by outside legal counsel. Based upon those reviews,
we believe the alleged infringement claims are without merit and intend to
vigorously defend our position."

Endologix received FDA approval to manufacture its ePTFE graft material in April
2007 and beginning in 2008, Endologix has manufactured all of its own graft
material. This coincided with the expiration of Endologix's supply agreement
with Bard Peripheral for the supply of ePTFE in December 2007, the company
noted.

In other legal activity, Holzer Holzer & Fistel, an Atlanta lawfirm, reported
that a class action lawsuit has been filed in the U.S. District Court for the
Southern District of California on behalf of Alphatec (Carlsbad, California)
shareholders who purchased stock in the company between Dec. 18, 2009 and Aug.
5, 2010.

The lawsuit alleges that Alphatec overstated the positive impact its acquisition
of Scient'x would have on its earnings and revenue. According to the suit, the
company was motivated to artificially inflate its stock price in order to obtain
a higher price in a secondary stock offering that closed on April 21. The
lawsuit further alleges that on Aug. 5, Alphatec "dramatically lowered" its
projected financial results causing its stock price to fall 46% in heavy
trading.

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                          Copyright 2010 AHC Media LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             392 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 26, 2013 Friday

US Patent granted to Biomet Sports Medicine, LLC (Indiana) on July 23 titled as
"Method and apparatus for soft tissue fixation"

LENGTH: 179  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 8,491,632, on
July 23, 2013, to Biomet Sports Medicine, LLC (Indiana), titled as "Method and
apparatus for soft tissue fixation"

Inventors:  Stone; Kevin T. (Winona Lake, IN), Kaiser; Ryan A. (Leesburg, IN),
Sautter; Nathan M. (North Manchester, IN)

Assignee:  Biomet Sports Medicine, LLC (Warsaw, IN)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "An
anchor assembly for retaining a graft in an anatomy. The anchor assembly
includes an anchor body, a flexible connector, and a graft holding member. The
anchor body includes a first connector bore defined by the anchor body. The
flexible connector extends through the first connector bore. The graft holding
member is attached to the flexible connector and is configured to hold the graft
."

The patent was filed on August 15, 2011 Application no. 13/209,965

For more information please visit: http://www.uspto.gov/. In case of any query
regarding this article or other content needs please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 29, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             393 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Medical Device Daily

                           December 9, 2004 Thursday

Financings roundup

LENGTH: 1121 words


Financings roundup

CABG Medical in 5.5M    IPO share sale raising $30.25M

A Medical Device Daily    Staff Report

CABG Medical (Minneapolis),    a cardiovascular technology firm focused on the
treatment of coronary heart    disease via improvements to conventional heart
bypass surgery, this week raised    $30.25 million through an initial public
offering (IPO) of 5.5 million shares    of common stock at $5.50 a share.

CABG also granted to the    underwriters an option to purchase up to another
825,000 shares of common stock    to cover over-allotments.

A company founded by med-tech    entrepreneur Manny Villafana, CABG is
developing the Holly Graft System, which    is designed to treat blockages in
multiple coronary arteries from a single graft.    The major benefit of the
system is to eliminate a surgery, secondary to a heart    bypass, which
frequently is required to harvest healthy vessels from the chest,    legs or
arms for use in the bypass, the company said.

The Holly system consists    of a flexible, thin-walled vascular graft made of
expanded polytetrafluoroethylene    and attached to the coronary arteries via
connectors coated with a drug combination    to reduce the risk of blockage and
thrombosis.

CABG says that the system's    benefits to patients include the elimination of
scarring on the legs and arms    where the traditional vessel harvesting is
done; reduced wound-related post-operative    care and readmissions; reduced
time to ambulation and faster release from the    hospital; and elimination of
wound pain and surgical complications in the legs    and arms.

For the surgeon, the system's    benefits include reduced surgical time and thus
reduced time in the operating    room; the flexibility to perform bypass surgery
either on the heart/lung bypass    machine or off-pump; and the availability of
reliable bypass grafts, regardless    of the condition of the patient's
autologous arteries and veins.

The company says that the    system, "measured through tests performed to date,
promises to restore blood    flow as effectively as traditional vessel grafts."

Villafana, with more than    three decades of experience in the medical device
industry, previously founded    mechanical heart valve manufacturer ATS Medical
(Minneapolis). He launched    that company to compete in the mechanical heart
valve sector with St. Jude    Medical (St. Paul, Minnesota), which he also had
founded and for a time    served as its president and chief executive.

Feltl and Co. and Ladenburg    Thalmann & Co. serve as co-managers of the
offering. The shares are listed    on the Nasdaq under the symbol CABG.

In other financing news:

·Amedica (Salt    Lake City), a developer of orthopedic devices, reported
completing a private    placement offering of its Series B preferred stock.

With the completion of    the Series B financing, Amedica has a total of roughly
27 million shares outstanding,    and it said, in a statement, that it is
"sufficiently capitalized to execute    its plans well into 2007."

Proceeds from the offering,    it said, will be used to continue advancing
product development, including its    clinical trials; to complete and validate
its manufacturing capabilities; to    hire additional key personnel; to launch
certain products and develop new technologies;    to expand its intellectual
property portfolio; and for general corporate purposes.

Creation Capital served    as placement agent for the offering.

Max Link, chairman of the    board of Amedica, said, "We are excited to use
these funds to aggressively move    our product development programs forward."

Amedica reports several    products in development using its proprietary
technology, including Enduron    ceramic femoral heads for use in hip
replacement surgery, Fortis ceramic interverteral    spacers for use in spinal
surgery, Infinia ceramic hip implant bearings and    Altia spinal disc implants
for use in disc replacement surgery.

·Alliance Imaging    (Anaheim, California), a national provider of outsourced
diagnostic imaging    services, reported launch of a private offering of senior
subordinated notes.    Alliance anticipates issuing up to $150 million in
aggregate principal amount    of senior subordinated notes to raise about $410
million of new term loans.

It said it will use the    proceeds of the offering, together with proceeds from
a proposed refinancing    of the tranche C term loans under its credit
agreement, to fund repurchase of    all of its outstanding 10-3/8% senior
subordinated notes, due 2011; the consummation    of the credit agreement
refinancing; and the payment of the fees and expenses    related to the issuance
of the new notes, the incurrence of the new term loans,    the credit agreement
refinancing, and the tender offer and consent solicitation.    However, the
actual amount of senior subordinated notes issued and new term    loans raised
may vary based on market conditions.

· CDRV Investors,    which indirectly owns all of the outstanding capital stock
of VWR International    (West Chester, Pennsylvania), said it is selling senior
discount notes with    a 9-5/8% coupon, due 2015, expected to yield roughly $300
million in proceeds    to CDRV Investors. The sale is expected to close in
mid-December, subject to    customary closing conditions.

VWR International distributes    scientific supplies, with 2003 worldwide sales
of $2.8 billion. The company    offers more than 750,000 products from more than
5,000 manufacturers to pharmaceutical,    life science, chemical, technology,
food processing and consumer product industries.

·Quick-Med Technologies    (Gainesville, Florida) said it raised $1 million via
sale of 5 million shares    of restricted common stock to Phronesis Partners, a
limited partnership hedge    fund, the net proceeds totaling $880,000. As part
of the agreement, Michael    Granito, chairman of Quick-Med, converted $500,000
of convertible debt, owed    to him by the company into 1,315,790 shares of the
company's restricted common    stock.

Before fees and expenses,    the combined equity financing was $1.5 million, or
about 24 cents a share for    the 6,315,790 shares of common stock purchased.

Morgan Keegan & Co.    served as advisor and placement agent.

The proceeds will be used    to commercialize the company's Nimbus technology in
the wound care, personal    care and apparel segments, and on the development of
its compound Ilomastat,    a post-injury agent for Mustard gas exposure.
Quick-Med's two core products    under development are Nimbus, a family of
polymers used in wound care and for    industrial and consumer preservatives;
and MultiStat, a family of compounds    for skin therapy.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                          Copyright 2004 AHC Media LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             394 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Medical Device Daily

                              July 1, 2003 Tuesday

Cook's Zenith AAA graft eyes more than 'gap' opportunity

LENGTH: 1043 words


Cook's Zenith AAA graft eyes more than 'gap' opportunity

By DON LONG Medical Device Daily Managing Editor Two weeks ago, Guidant
(Indianapolis, Indiana) sent minor shockwaves through a niche cardiovascular
sector, announcing that it would withdraw its Ancure Endograft System for
treatment of abdominal aortic aneurysms (AAA) from the market, a space in which
there have been only three players in the U.S. - Guidant, Medtronic
(Minneapolis, Minnesota) with its Aneuryx system and W.L. Gore (Flagstaff,
Arizona) with its Excluder.

The gap left by the Ancure withdrawal will be filled, however, with the recent
approval and commercial release of the Zenith AAA Endovascular Graft from Cook
(Bloomington, Indiana), though David Biggs, director of advanced technology
management at Cook, says that the company expects much more than gap-filling
from the Zenith.

"We're not looking at capturing the void left by Guidant," Biggs told MDD.
"We're looking at the entire AAA market in the U.S. as potentially being Zenith
customers." And he projects that within one to two years, the Zenith will be the
No. 1 product in this field, based on its technology, clinical validation and
its long-term record in other countries.

While Biggs is currently in the throes of directing physician training for the
Zenith - saying the company is attempting to strike a "fine balance between
getting it out to everyone but ensuring that we support the product properly" -
he projects that by the end of the year implantations will reach "close to"
1,000 per month. And by the end of 2004, he expects "significant market share"
that translates to "a majority of the AAA endovascular procedures using the
Zenith in the U.S."

The Zenith already has a 10-year track record, first being used in Perth,
Australia, in 1993, where it was initially developed. Having gone through
"several iterations," according to Biggs, the version FDA-cleared via a
premarket approval application last month is being dubbed by the company a
"third-generation" device.

Clearance was based on a 15-center, 352-patient clinical trial conducted between
January 2000 and July 2001, with one-, six- and 12-month follow-up. The study
met all clinical endpoints, in addition to achieving 0% stent migration equal to
or greater than 10 mm, a 98.7% rate of aneurysm diameter decreasing or remaining
unchanged,  a 7.4% rate of aneurysm diameter decreasing or remaining unchanged,
and a 7.4% rate for all types of endoleaks.

The material of the graft is not unique. It consists of "medium wall polyester
Dacron used in surgical procedures for years," Biggs said, and so has proven
itself as a long-time solid performer rather than technological upstart. The
graft material is further bolstered by z-stent bodies that minimize endoleaks
and graft migration.

What makes the device unique - and marking out what he believes is its
superiority - is the method of deployment. While he describes competitive
systems as being placed and then deployed by "popping open" or "springing open,"
Biggs says that Zenith deployment is characterized by "controlled, deliberate
placement," with the company reporting a deployment success of 99.7%.

The Zenith H&L-B One-Shot Introducer System - the initials standing for its
developers, Drs. David Hartley and Michael Lawrence-Brown of Perth - features a
sequential deployment system that provides continuous control of graft placement
throughout the procedure, enabling fine adjustments before the final anchoring
takes place.

As further described by Biggs, safety wires at each end of the graft enable
movement of the graft back and forth and rotationally for the most precise
adjustments and readjustments in a particularly torturous part of the anatomy
"just below the lowest renal artery, close to the aortic bifurcation."

A series of barbs anchor the stent "incrementally" along the stent for support
with additional barb attaching at significant distance away from the aneurysm
itself "to separate fixation from sealing," according to Biggs.

Overall, the modular design provides for more than 50,000 possible combinations
to treat different anatomies.

Since its first use 10 years ago in Australia, Biggs reports more than 10,000
devices implanted worldwide in "around 30 countries." And Biggs supports his
hopes for U.S. use by reference to the success of the device in these other
countries: an 80% share in Australia, an 85% share in Canada, and in Europe -
where he says there are "many more competitors than in the U.S." - a 40% market
share. Given the relatively limited competition in the U.S., he again
confidently predicts "a majority of the business" here, that business projected
at 25,000 AAA placements annually.

Again he points to training as crucial to successful rollout. So far this month
the company has held two sessions at the Cleveland Clinic Foundation (Cleveland,
Ohio), training a total of 50 physicians, with a database of 1,000 physicians
signed up and in line for future sessions. "Our goal is to train these within a
year's time. We have a lot of people that want to get their hands on the
Zenith."

Referring again to Guidant's Ancure withdrawal, Biggs sees it having two
potential effects - one positive, the other negative. While the withdrawal of
the product provides opportunities for a newcomer, Biggs notes that "any
problems with an AAA device impacts the market negatively. Customers, patients
are very well informed today, through Internet access, press releases, etc."
thereby influencing attitudes toward an entire product segment. And such
problems "are going to make people very, very thoughtful about what's
potentially going into them," he notes

Conversely, he says that with the Zenith, Cook "can fall back on our long-term
experience and superior clinical results." AAA devices "aren't perfect," he
acknowledges. "We're always working to improve upon it. But our results over a
10-year history have been very, very positive."

Cook reports it also is developing new AAA graft therapies using the Zenith
design that flex to fit a broader range of patient anatomy. Future uses of
Zenith technology may include grafts designed to treat aneurysms in the thoracic
aorta and for use in emergency cases where the aneurysm has already ruptured.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                          Copyright 2003 AHC Media LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             395 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Medical Device Daily

                             March 18, 2014 Tuesday

Product briefs

LENGTH: 527 words


o eZono (Jena, Germany), a private corporation making tablet ultrasound systems,
received FDA clearance for its eZono 4000 dedicated procedural guidance system
with eZGuide technology, providing any plane freehand navigation. The company
says its eZono 4000 offers excellent image quality and features eZGuide, a
revolutionary needle guidance providing needle tip location, with the precision
and ease of use that clinicians did not think possible in a tablet style system.
"The eZono 4000 with eZGuide, is exceeding our expectations in performance and
has been welcomed as game changing technology by many physicians", said Graham
Cox, CEO eZono. "eZono is passionate about bringing practical and affordable
solutions to clinicians in their everyday practice and we are delighted to bring
this technology to the United States for needle guidance applications."

o Kips Bay Medical (Minneapolis) said the company received FDA approval to
include more U.S. patients and U.S. study sites in its "eMESH I" clinical
feasibility trial of its eSVS Mesh. In its initial approval, the FDA indicated
that it would allow a staged enrollment within the U.S., starting with 15
patients at up to four sites in the U.S. The FDA has now increased the approved
number of U.S. patients from 15 to 27 (15 additional from the 12 enrolled to
date) and increased the allowed number of U.S. sites from four to 10. The eMESH
I clinical feasibility trial is a multi-center, randomized study of external
saphenous vein support using Kips Bay Medical's eSVS Mesh in coronary artery
bypass surgery. The objective of this study is to demonstrate the initial safety
and performance of the eSVS Mesh for use as an external saphenous vein graft
support device during CABG surgery. The eSVS Mesh is designed to be fitted like
a sleeve on the outside of saphenous vein grafts to strengthen SVGs used in
coronary artery bypass graft surgery. By strengthening the SVG and preventing
the damaging expansion of the vein graft, the Company hopes to reduce or prevent
the resulting injury which can lead to SVG failure and potentially costly and
complicated re-interventions for patients undergoing CABG surgery. To strengthen
an SVG, the eSVS Mesh is manufactured from nitinol wire which gives the eSVS
Mesh considerable strength, while remaining highly flexible and kink-resistant.

o RTI Surgical (Alachua, Florida) is launching two new biological solutions at
the American Academy of Orthopaedic Surgeons (AAOS) annual meeting in New
Orleans. NanOss Bioactive 3-D, is a synthetic three dimensional bioscaffold
which supports bone formation, and map3 Cellular Allogeneic Bone Graft, is an
implant that contains the three essential elements needed to generate and
maintain new bone. The nanOss Bioactive 3-D bone graft features a semi-rigid
three dimensional scaffold consisting of porous hydroxyapatite granules
suspended within a porous gelatin-based foam matrix, designed to support the
body's natural bone formation process.Map3 chips allograft is comprised of
cortical cancellous chips, demineralized bone matrix and viable adult stem cells
based on the multipotent adult progenitor cell technology.

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


          Copyright 2014 Thompson Media Group, LLC d/b/a AHC Media LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             396 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 15, 2014 Saturday

USPTO Published Patent application of St. JUDE CHILDREN'S RESEARCH HOSPITAL
titled as "INKS INCLUDING PIGMENTS HAVING TRI-BLOCK COPOLYMER GRAFTS"

LENGTH: 275  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an application no.
20140063589, published on March 06, 2014, by St. JUDE CHILDREN'S RESEARCH
HOSPITAL, titled as "INKS INCLUDING PIGMENTS HAVING TRI-BLOCK COPOLYMER GRAFTS"
for the registration of patent.

Inventors:  Zhou; Zhang-Lin; (Palo Alto, CA) ; Henze; Dick; (San Carlos, CA) ;
Yang; Jun; (Aguadilla, PR)
Assignee:  St. JUDE CHILDREN'S RESEARCH HOSPITAL
Memphis
TN

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office:
"Pigment-based inks are provided. The inks include a non-polar carrier fluid and
pigment particles suspended in the non-polar carrier fluid. The pigment
particles have tri-block copolymer grafts. Each tri-block copolymer graft
comprises a tri-block copolymer having three portions: an inner block attached
to the pigment particle, a middle block, and an outer block, wherein the inner
and outer blocks each contain bulky organic groups to help facilitate solubility
of the functionalized polymers in the non-polar solvent and to provide steric
stabilization of the resulting particle dispersion in the non-polar solvent, and
wherein the middle block contains either acidic or basic functionalized side
groups that facilitate charging of the pigment particle. A combination of an
electronic display and an electronic ink employing the pigment and a process for
making the pigment-based inks are also provided."

The Patent was filed on April 29, 2011 under application No. 20140063589

For more information please visit: http://www.uspto.gov/. In case of any query
regarding this article or other content needs please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             397 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 2, 2014 Thursday

US Patent granted to The Cleveland Clinic Foundation (Ohio) on September 30,
titled as "Stent graft introducer"

LENGTH: 234  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 8,845,708, on
September 30, 2014, to The Cleveland Clinic Foundation (Ohio), titled as "Stent
graft introducer"

Inventors:  Hartley; David Ernest (Subiaco, AU), Ivancev; Krasnodar (Lund, SE),
Greenberg; Roy K. (Bratenahl, OH)
Assignee:  The Cleveland Clinic Foundation (Cleveland, OH)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
stent graft introducer has a pusher, a nose cone, a region between the pusher
and the nose cone for a stent graft, a sleeve extending over the pusher and
proximally to the nose cone to cover the stent graft when retained in the
region. An indwelling auxiliary catheter with a pre-curved proximal end is
fitted into the introducer. The nose cone has an elongate groove and the
auxiliary catheter has its proximal end in the elongate groove. In a partially
retracted position of the sleeve the curved proximal end of the indwelling
auxiliary catheter is exposed and uncovered by the sleeve and in an advanced
position of the sleeve the curved proximal end of the indwelling auxiliary
catheter is straightened, extends along the length of the groove in the nose
cone and is covered by the sleeve."

The patent was filed on November 16, 2006 Application no. 11/600,655

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             398 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                            November 14, 2010 Sunday

USA: NephRx Corp. Initiates Phase I Trial of its Lead Drug Being Developed for
Prevention of Delayed Graft Function in Kidney Transplant Patients

LENGTH: 671  words

DATELINE: Karachi


Karachi, Nov. 14 -- NephRx Corporation today announced that it has initiated a
Phase I clinical trial of its lead compound NX001 and has successfully dosed the
first subject in the study. NX001, a kidney growth factor peptide that has
demonstrated good safety and promising efficacy in two animal models of acute
renal failure, is in development for the prevention of delayed graft function
(DGF) in kidney transplantation patients.

Separately, NephRx announced that it has been awarded a total of $488,000 in two
federal Qualifying Therapeutic Discovery Project (QTDP) grants. One of the
grants is to support the clinical development program for NX001, and the other
is for NX002, NephRx's derivative of a naturally occurring growth factor in
preclinical development as a treatment for oral mucositis, a common, painful and
dose-limiting side effect of chemotherapy and radiation therapy in patients with
head and neck cancers.

"NX001 has demonstrated promising activity in preclinical models of acute renal
failure, and this clinical program is designed to test its effectiveness in
helping to prevent or treat delayed graft function in renal transplant patients,
a condition that currently lacks effective treatment options," said James
Koziarz, Ph.D., CEO of NephRx Corp. "We also welcome the recently announced
federal grants to support the development of both NX001 and NX002."

DGF affects an estimated 20-25% of the approximately 14,000 renal transplants
performed annually in the U.S. Patients are put on dialysis to "rest" the
transplanted kidney in the hope that this will correct metabolic imbalances and
allow kidney function to return spontaneously. Studies have shown that DGF can
negatively affect future graft function and can increase the incidence of acute
rejection episodes. Kidney grafts with impaired function require the most
intense follow-up and therapeutic management and are accordingly the most
costly.

The NX001 Phase I trial is a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled,
single ascending dose level study of the safety, tolerability and
pharmacokinetics of NX001 in healthy volunteers.

"The launch of our first human trial represents an important milestone for
NephRx," said F. Gary Toback, M.D., Ph.D., Founding Scientist of NephRx and
Professor of Medicine and Cell Physiology at the University of Chicago Medical
School. "Because the kidney is one of the few human organs with the potential
for self-repair, our kidney growth factor peptide has the potential to stimulate
improved renal function in a number of disorders. We chose DGF as our initial
indication because it represents a well-defined condition where NX001 has the
potential to improve near-term kidney function. If these Phase I results are
positive, Phase II trials in DGF patients could get underway by mid-2011."

NX001 has been designated an orphan drug by the U.S. FDA for this indication.

NX002 has been shown to stimulate the growth of epithelial cells and to promote
mucosal wound healing after injury. In a recent study in a well-validated
mucositis model, animals treated with NX002 had reduced levels of oral
ulceration and a more rapid recovery, with no evidence of toxicity. NephRx
intends to initiate preclinical toxicology studies of NX002 in the coming
months, with clinical trials targeted for late 2011.

The Qualifying Therapeutic Discovery Project, enacted as part of the federal
Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010, is designed to provide
grants or tax credits to qualified biotechnology company projects that
demonstrate the potential to result in new therapies to treat areas of unmet
medical need; to prevent, detect, or treat chronic or acute diseases or
conditions; to reduce long-term health care costs in the United States; or to
significantly advance the goal of curing cancer within 30 years Published by HT
Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any query with respect
to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             399 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                           December 10, 2016 Saturday

Agnovos Healthcare, LLC (Maryland) applies for US Patent titled as "MULTIPHASIC
BONE GRAFT SUBSTITUTE MATERIAL"

LENGTH: 213 words

DATELINE: New York


ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an
application no. 20160354514 for US Patent, published on December 8, 2016, by
Agnovos Healthcare, LLC (Maryland), titled as "MULTIPHASIC BONE GRAFT SUBSTITUTE
MATERIAL"  for the registration of patent.



Inventors: Moseley; Jon P.; (Alrington, TN) ; MacDougall; Jamie; (Oakland, TN) ;
Harrigan; Katie; (Cordova, TN)

Applicant: Agnovos Healthcare, LLC   Rockville   MD   US (Maryland)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "The
invention provides a particulate composition adapted for forming a bone graft
substitute cement upon mixing with an aqueous solution, comprising i) a calcium
sulfate hemihydrate powder, wherein the calcium sulfate hemihydrate is present
at a concentration of at least about 50 weight percent based on the total weight
of the particulate composition; ii) a monocalcium phosphate monohydrate powder;
iii) a non-porous .beta.-tricalcium phosphate powder; and iv) a porous
.beta.-tricalcium phosphate powder. Bone graft substitute cements made
therefrom, a bone graft substitute kit comprising the particulate composition,
methods of making and using the particulate composition, and articles made from
the bone graft substitute cement are also provided."


LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             400 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Michigan Lawyers Weekly

                              May 27, 2011 Friday

Verdicts & Settlements May 27, 2011: Spinal cord injury signs not addressed
properly

BYLINE: Michigan Lawyers Weekly Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 507  words


In a confidential medical-malpractice and auto-negligence lawsuit, plaintiff
male sought compensatory damages from defendant driver, defendant surgeon and
defendant hospital for T-4 paraplegia following an auto accident.

Following a May 22, 2007, auto accident, plaintiff, a 26-year-old single male,
was rushed to a nearby hospital's emergency department. Imaging studies revealed
that he had sustained a traumatic tear of his proximal descending aorta.

A cardio-thoracic surgeon was summoned and immediately took plaintiff to the
operating room to perform a repair of the torn aorta. He initially attempted to
implant an aortic graft without the benefit of a left heart by-pass, an
acceptable method if the cross-clamp time on the aorta is less than 30 minutes.
If the aorta is clamped longer than 30 minutes, there is risk of ischemia to the
spinal cord, and by-pass circulation must be initiated.

The surgeon encountered difficulty with sizing an appropriate graft for the
patient's aorta. After implantation, the graft was felt to be too big for the
diameter of the patient's aorta, so the surgeon decided to remove it and implant
a second graft.

Patient was not placed on by-pass circulation until 53 minutes into the
procedure. Even after by-pass circulation was initiated, the surgeon did not
maintain adequate profusion pressures to the spinal and lower extremities
throughout the remainder of the procedure.

Following surgery, patient showed signs of an ischemic spinal cord injury at
T-4, but appropriate measures such as placement of a spinal catheter were not
taken to lessen spinal cord pressures.

The patient was eventually transferred to an academic medical facility where his
spinal cord injury was addressed. However, by that time, nothing could be done
to restore neurological function of the patient's lower extremities, bowel or
bladder.

A settlement was quickly reached in the third-party auto case. In the
malpractice action, defendant surgeon was insured by an off-shore carrier that
became insolvent and developed administrative issues during the proceedings. All
of the settlement funds in the malpractice action were contributed by the
hospital.

Settlement discussions took into consideration plaintiff's non-economic damages
and future wage loss only in as much as all medical expenses were being paid for
by the first-party auto-insurance carrier.

The settlement total was $2.1 million.

Type of action: Medical malpractice, auto negligence Type of injuries: T-4
paraplegia

Name of case: Confidential

Court/Case no./Date: Confidential; confidential; March 18, 2011

Name of judge: Withheld

Settlement amount: $2.1 million

Most helpful experts: Cardio-thoracic and vascular surgeons from Johns Hopkins,
Baltimore, and Loyola University Medical Center, Chicago

Insurance carrier(s): Withheld

Attorneys for plaintiff: Robert B. Sickels (medical malpractice); Bryan J.
Waldman (auto negligence)

Attorney(s) for defendant: Withheld

Key to winning: Figuring out the medical negligence and causation with the
assistance of highly qualified experts

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             401 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            The Independent (London)

                          November 28, 2012 Wednesday
                                 First Edition

Professor Joseph Murray;
Surgeon who performed the first successful kidney transplant

BYLINE: Martin Childs

SECTION: OBITUARIES; Pg. 48

LENGTH: 1024 words


Joseph Murray was an organ transplant pioneer who carried out the first
successful kidney transplant operation on twins in 1954, for which he received
the Nobel Prize. He later focused on plastic surgery, in particular the repair
of facial defects in children.

Murray had always wanted to be a surgeon, due in part to the qualities of the
family doctor, and became fascinated in the emerging science of transplants
during a three-year spell on the surgical ward of an army hospital in
Pennsylvania, during the Second World War. He was randomly assigned to the
plastic surgery ward, where he came across hundreds of severely burned soldiers
for whom immediate skin grafts were unavailable. As a life-saving measure skin
grafts were taken from dead bodies.

However, this proved only a temporary measure, as after 8-10 days the skin began
"to melt around the edges". Murray noted: "The slow rejection of the foreign
skin grafts fascinated me. How could the host distinguish another person's skin
from his own?"

While on the ward, Murray became friends with the chief surgeon, Colonel James
Brown, and the pair often discussed the anomalies of skin grafting. Before the
war Brown had treated a number of burns victims and had tentatively postulated
that the closer the genetic relationship between the skin donor and the
recipient, the slower the dissolution of the graft. In 1937, Brown had
experimentally carried out a skin graft on identical twins in which the
recipient's body had accepted the foreign tissue rather than attacking it.
Later, the experimental work of the British biologist Peter Medawar made it
clear that the rejection process was immunological in nature. This became the
catalyst for Murray's study of organ transplantation.

Murray later reflected, "My life as a surgeon-scientist, combining humanity and
science, has been fantastically rewarding. In our daily patients we witness
human nature in the raw - fear, despair, courage, understanding, hope,
resignation, heroism. If alert, we can detect new problems to solve, new paths
to investigate."

Born in Milford, a town 30 miles south-west of Boston, in 1919, Joseph Edward
Murray was the son of a judge, William, and a schoolteacher, Mary. Both
immigrants to the US, they stressed the importance of education and the
opportunities afforded in the US. He attended the College of the Holy Cross,
concentrating on Latin, Greek, Philosophy and English, and Harvard Medical
School, from which he graduated in 1943. After a truncated internship at Brigham
Hospital, Murray entered the Army Medical Corps in 1944.

Upon returning to civilian life and Brigham Hospital, Murray began practising as
a general and plastic surgeon, while also working with colleagues on the
possibilities of organ transplants. At the time, the prospect of transplanting
organs from one living patient to another was controversial, with critics
viewing it as a violation of nature that endangered both the donor and the
recipient. Murray was advised to abandon it as it "was considered a fringe
project" by the hospital.

Undeterred, Murray and his colleagues began to test the feasibility of renal
transplantation with dogs with great success. October 1954 saw the admission of
23-year-old Richard Herrick, who was dying of the kidney disease chronic
nephritis. With his identical twin, Ronald, willing to give a kidney, it was
suggested that he might be a transplant recipient. Given their identical genetic
background Ronald did not face the biggest problem with transplant patients, the
immune system's rejection of foreign tissue.

After some ethical and moral issues were overcome, Murray and his team practised
their surgical techniques on a cadaver. The transplant took place on 23 December
1954, and Murray later said, after the five-and-a-half hour procedure, "There
was a collective hush in the operating room" as blood began to flow into the
implanted kidney and urine began to flow out of it.

Richard lived another eight years, marrying a nurse he met at the hospital and
having two children. He died from a recurrence of his original disease.

Murray continued to perform kidney transplants on identical twins, and in 1959
recorded the first successful transplant to a non-identical recipient; one
patient who received a kidney transplant from a fraternal twin in 1959, plus
radiation and a bone marrow transplant to suppress his immune response, lived
for 29 more years. With the arrival of drugs to suppress the immune response,
Murray successfully transplanted a cadaver kidney in 1962 and went on to train a
number of doctors who became leaders in transplantation around the world.

In 1971, Murray resigned as chief of transplant surgery at Brigham to
concentrate on plastic surgery, a field, he often said, had become wrongly
associated with mere cosmetic procedures. In the US and abroad, Murray treated
many children and adults with congenital facial deformities, survivors of head
and neck cancers, and patients with many other problems. He often used
techniques pioneered by the famed French doctor, Paul Tessier, to treat Crouzon
syndrome, which produces congenital facial deformities.

In 1990, Murray shared the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine with another
American, Dr Edward Donnall Thomas, a pioneer in bone marrow transplants. A
deeply religious man, Murray said, "Work is a prayer. And I start off every
morning dedicating it to our Creator."

Murray was elected to the National Academy of Sciences and the Institute of
Medicine. In retirement, he continued to write and was a popular guest speaker.
He told medical students, "It's the best time ever to be a doctor because you
can heal and treat conditions that were untreatable even a few years ago." He
enjoyed physical pursuits including camping, hiking and competitive tennis.

Murray died at the same hospital in which he carried out his ground-breaking
surgery following a stroke. He is survived by his wife, three sons, three
daughters and 18 grandchildren.

Joseph Edward Murray, surgeon: born Milford, Massachusetts, US 1 April 1919;
Nobel Prize 1990; married 1945 Virginia (Bobby) Link (three children): died
Boston 26 November 2012.

LOAD-DATE: November 27, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IA


                      Copyright 2012 Independent Print Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                             402 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Medical Device Daily

                           February 24, 2011 Thursday

Report from Europe: Gore's Propaten vascular graft receives the CE mark

LENGTH: 806 words

A Medical Device Daily Staff Report

W. L. Gore & Associates (Flagstaff, Arizona) reported that the Gore Propaten
vascular graft for hemodialysis access has received the CE mark. Arteriovenous
grafts are used to create a conduit for repeated blood access during
hemodialysis, allowing blood to be withdrawn from the body and cleansed when a
patient has end stage renal disease. During the implantation procedure, a
vascular graft is implanted through two small incisions in the arm. Once a
tunnel is created under the skin, one end of the vascular graft is sewn to the
artery and the other to the vein. Blood can then flow rapidly from the artery
through the vascular graft into the vein producing the higher flow rates needed
for the hemodialysis process.

The Propaten graft utilizes a unique covalent bonding technology to adhere
heparin to the graft surface, known as Carmeda BioActive Surface. The surface
activity has demonstrated long lasting effectiveness in a clinical explant of up
to three years after implantation. It allows blood flowing through the graft to
resist thrombosis or clotting. The Propaten graft is composed of an expanded
polytetrafluoroethylene (ePTFE) material with excellent handling properties and
flexibility for ease of use.

The graft has been used in lower extremity applications in the U.S. since 2006
and in Europe for more than ten years with a reported one year primary patency
in below-knee bypasses of 80%, compared with 66% for standard ePTFE and 81% for
autologous vein bypasses. With more than 18,000 dialysis access implants
worldwide, the Propaten is the only vascular graft of its kind on the market
approved for hemodialysis access, the company said.

Sorin reports Mitroflow implantation milestone

The Sorin Group (Milan, Italy) reported that 100,000 Mitroflow aortic
pericardial heart valves have now been implanted worldwide, a major milestone
for the company it said.

Since its market introduction in Europe in 1982, Sorin's Mitroflow valve has
demonstrated excellent hemodynamic performance and proven long-term durability,
the company said.

"Our clinical experience with over 1,900 implants with the [Mitroflow] has shown
the valve's exceptional durability, one of the longest on the market. This can
be attributed to its special design, easy implantability and excellent
hemodynamic characteristics. Mitroflow has provided assurance to a wide variety
of patients who prefer or require biological valve implantation" said Prof.
Charles Yankah, Associate Professor of Surgery, Charité Medical University and
Consultant CardioThoracic and Vascular Surgeon, German Heart Institute (Berlin).

Delcath Systems gets ISO certification

Delcath Systems (New York) has achieved ISO 13485:2003 Certification - an
internationally recognized quality standard designed to ensure that medical
device manufacturers have the necessary comprehensive management systems in
place to safely design, develop, manufacture and distribute medical devices in
the European Union. ISO 13485 Certification is a regulatory requirement of the
EU's Medical Device Directive, and represents an important step toward attaining
European CE-mark approval for the company's proprietary Hepatic ChemoSAT
Delivery System.

Eamonn Hobbs, president/CEO of Delcath Systems, said, "ISO 13485 Certification
confirms that our manufacturing and quality systems meet the high standards
required of medical device companies selling into Europe, and we are pleased to
have achieved this important milestone toward the receipt of CE mark approval.
Our technical file for CE mark is pending, and we continue to expect CE mark
approval for our product in mid-2011."

Delcath's proprietary system for chemosaturation is designed to administer high
dose chemotherapy and other therapeutic agents to diseased organs or regions of
the body, while controlling the systemic exposure of those agents.

Stenys receives higher reimbursement

Stentys (Paris) reported that it has received a higher price reimbursement in
Germany for its drug-eluting stent. "This decision not only fortifies our
ongoing commercialization activities in Germany, the largest European market,"
said Gonzague Issenmann, CEO and co-founder of Stentys, "but it is also a clear
recognition of the innovation and patient benefit of the Stentys technology."
The Institute for the Hospital Remuneration System (InEK) granted this special
status of "new and innovative device" (Neue Untersuchungs- und
Behandlungsmethoden, or NUB) to the Stentys stent for 2011.

Stentys has developed a new generation of stents to treat acute myocardial
infarction. The company received CE-marking for its flagship products in 2010.
Its self-apposing stent adapts to the anatomic changes of arteries in the
post-infarction phase and thus prevent the malapposition problem associated with
conventional stents.

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                          Copyright 2011 AHC Media LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             403 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                            February 13, 2017 Monday

Sanford Health applies for US Patent titled as "Self-Expanding Bridging Stent
with Anchoring Projections and Methods for Use"

LENGTH: 178 words

DATELINE: New York


ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an
application no. 20170035587 for US Patent, published on February 9, 2017, by
Sanford Health, titled as "Self-Expanding Bridging Stent with Anchoring
Projections and Methods for Use"  for the registration of patent.



Inventors: Kelly; Patrick W.; (Sioux Falls, SD)

Applicant: Sanford Health   Sioux Falls   SD   US

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "The
present disclosure provides a stent graft comprising (a) a self-expandable stent
structure having a first end and a second end, wherein the self-expandable stent
structure defines a lumen, (b) at least one restraint configured to be coupled
to an exterior surface of the stent graft in a compressed condition, and wherein
the at least one restraint is configured to be broken to permit the stent graft
to transition to an expanded condition, and (c) a first plurality of anchoring
projections coupled to the exterior surface of the stent graft adjacent to the
first end of the self-expandable stent-structure."


LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             404 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Medical Device Daily

                              June 15, 2007 Friday

Product Briefs

LENGTH: 819 words


Product Briefs   o Criticare Systems (Milwaukee) reported the introduction of a
proprietary Neonatal product line consisting of Incubators and related
accessories in corroboration with a premier designer and manufacturer of infant
focused products. The company is launching these products at an International
distribution conference, this week in Asia, hosted by, and exclusive to
Criticare. The neonatal line will be initially marketed throughout Criticare's
existing International distributor network with future consideration for U.S.
exposure. Criticare makes patient monitoring systems.

o Fluidigm (South San Francisco) has achieved a first in microfluidics -- a
matrix chip architecture that enables both a high density of experiments (2,304
per chip) and effective mixing of nano-volume scale fluids. This new chip will
allow Fluidigm to enter end-point PCR detection markets, such as SNP genotyping,
which require both high-throughput and fully mixed reaction components. Reagent
is loaded into a microchannel and contained by valves, in effect, as a "reagent
slug". These containment valves then open to allow sample to be introduced into
the same channel in contact with the slug. Fluidigm specializes in integrated
fluidic circuits.

o LifeCell (Branchburg, New Jersey) said it has received FDA clearance for
Strattice tissue matrix, a novel soft tissue repair product. Like AlloDerm, the
company's flagship reconstructive surgical product, Strattice is intended for
use in soft tissue repair procedures including breast reconstruction and hernia
repair. In preparation for commercial launch, the company is planning to
initiate several clinical studies. LifeCell makes tissue repair products for use
in reconstructive, orthopedic and urogynecologic surgical procedures.

o LeMaitre Vascular (Burlington, Massachusetts) reported the first implant in
the UNITE clinical trial of its UniFit abdominal stent graft. The study will
evaluate the safety and effectiveness of the company's UniFit abdominal stent
graft in the treatment of aorto, aorto-iliac, and/or iliac aneurysms. The
primary effectiveness endpoint of the study is based on aneurysm exclusion as
evaluated through one- year follow-up. The UNITE study compares the safety and
efficacy of the UniFit against open surgical abdominal aorta repair, because
there are currently no aorto-uni-iliac endovascular stent grafts indicated for
this use. The device's encapsulated design minimizes the extent to which its
stents contact the blood stream or the vessel wall. This design also allows a
wider range of stent graft sizes, including tapered and custom grafts, to fit a
wider range of patient anatomies than many competing products. LeMaitre Vascular
makes devices for the treatment of peripheral vascular disease.

o Memry (New York) reported the launch of Putnam Plastics Plus, a new product
line offered by the company's Putnam polymer division, which is focused
exclusively on secondary operations solutions for medical polymer tubing. With a
variety of secondary operations support and capabilities, PPC+ offers dedicated
support in areas such as tipping/welding, hole drilling, custom grinding,
precision cutting, pad printing, product assembly and flaring. Memry makes
material components to the medical device industry.

o SonoSite (Bothell, Washington) reported that its SonoMB imaging advance is now
available on its curved array probes, thereby extending this valuable technology
to a broad range of exam types. The company began customer shipments of new
MicroMaxx systems incorporating the SonoMB technology early this week. It is
available as a software upgrade at no charge to existing MicroMaxx customers.
SonoMB technology is a proprietary SonoSite imaging algorithm that improves
contrast resolution and reduces ultrasound artifact while providing exceptional
frame rates and superior image quality for the clinician. The result is
increased resolution in both the near and far field, finer definition of small
structures and improved visualization of physiology and subtle tissue
differences. SonoSite makes hand-carried ultrasound.

o Younger America (Fort Lauderdale, Florida) reported that the company's wholly
owned subsidiary, Life Without Pain (Clearwater, Florida), has a pain therapy
process applying its Medlight MD630PRO. This process uses a light emitting diode
(LED) for pain therapy. Relying on narrow band near infrared energy, the
Medlight is able to temporarily relieve minor aches and pains, such as
arthritis, joint pain, muscle spasms, or relaxing stiff and sore muscles. Based
on the NASA-developed LED technology, the Medlight offers Life Without Pain's 81
LED array in a lightweight and AC-powered device. Younger America is a holding
company that develops and acquires companies that provide products to improve
the quality of life without the use of potentially harmful drugs or chemicals.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                          Copyright 2007 AHC Media LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             405 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               India Pharma News

                        June 15, 2015 Monday 6:30 AM EST

TriVascular Technologies Announces FDA Approval of Ovation iX Iliac Stent Graft

LENGTH: 528  words


June 15 -- TriVascular Technologies, Inc. (Nasdaq:TRIV) announced today that the
U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has approved the Ovation iX Iliac Stent
Graft for the Ovation Prime Abdominal Stent Graft System, together with
manufacturing enhancements that will facilitate a broader commercial launch of
the product. Building upon the strength of the Ovation and Ovation Prime iliac
technology, the Ovation iX iliac stent graft is engineered to promote patency
even in hostile anatomy. Ovation iX stands for integrated exchange, and the
iliac stent graft was developed to improve physician ease of use and expand
patient applicability. The less invasive, low-profile (10-13F) integrated sheath
is designed to minimize vessel trauma. With flared limbs up to 28mm diameter and
limb lengths up to 160mm, the broader size matrix and even lower profiles enable
treatment of a wider range of AAA anatomies.

"The approval of the Ovation iX limb technology is yet another example of
TriVascular's responsiveness to clinical feedback," commented Syed Hussain, MD,
Chairman of Vascular and Endovascular Surgery at Christie Clinic and Assistant
Professor of Surgery at the University of Illinois. "The integrated sheath will
minimize catheter exchanges and vessel trauma. In addition, the expanded size
matrix enables me to offer an endovascular repair to a broader population of my
patients."

"While lower profile systems have expanded the applicability of EVAR in patients
with small or diseased access vessels, concerns of reduced limb patency have
surfaced in other low profile grafts, negating much of their potential benefit,"
explained David Minion, MD, Professor of Surgery and Program Director for
Vascular Surgery at the University of Kentucky Medical Center. "In contrast, our
experience with the Ovation system, and specifically the Ovation iliac limb
technology, is excellent in even the most challenging access cases. The new iX
technology solidifies the Ovation system's status as unsurpassed from top to
bottom."

"The approval of the Ovation iX iliac stent graft further demonstrates our
commitment to product innovation, expanding EVAR access to more patients and
improving EVAR for all patients," said Christopher G. Chavez, Chairman, CEO and
President of TriVascular. "We are dedicated to rapidly delivering new technology
to enable physicians to treat more patients safely and are grateful to the many
clinicians worldwide who count on us as a trusted partner in patient care."

The Ovation platform has been used in the successful treatment of approximately
7,000 patients worldwide. Excellent clinical results have been reported from
both the Ovation global pivotal trial and a 501-patient European Post-Market
Registry. As previously announced, the company had received CE Mark clearance
and FDA approval for the Ovation iX iliac stent graft, and submitted
supplemental regulatory filings for manufacturing improvements designed to
realize efficiencies. This approval enables a broader commercial launch of the
Ovation iX iliac stent graft. The Ovation Prime system is available for sale in
over 35 countries around the world.

Source: TriVascular Technologies

LOAD-DATE: June 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2015 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             406 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 14, 2013 Thursday

USPTO Published Patent application of Orthovita, Inc. titled as "BIOACTIVE BONE
GRAFT SUBSTITUTE"

LENGTH: 157  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an application no.
20130059011, on March 07, 2013, by Orthovita, Inc., titled as "BIOACTIVE BONE
GRAFT SUBSTITUTE" for the registration of patent.

Inventors:  Clineff; Theodore D.; (Phoenixville, PA) ; Koblish; Antony;
(Malvern, PA) ; Bagga; Charanpreet S.; (Basking Ridge, NJ) ; Erbe; Erik M.;
(Rancho Santa Fe, CA) ; Nagvajara; Gina M.; (Narberth, PA) ; Darmoc; Marissa M.;
(Philadelphia, PA)
Assignee:  Orthovita, Inc.
Malvern
PA

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "The
invention relates to biocompatible bone graft materials for repairing bone
defects and the application of such bone graft materials."

The Patent was filed on September 26, 2012 under application No. 20130059011

For more information please visit: http://www.uspto.gov/. In case of any query
regarding this article or other content needs please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             407 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Messenger-Inquirer (Owensboro, Kentucky)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune News Service

                            August 3, 2006 Thursday

Silent Danger: Abdominal aortic aneurysms can be fatal if not corrected

BYLINE: David Blackburn, Messenger-Inquirer, Owensboro, Ky.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 927 words


Aug. 3--Abdominal aneurysms in the aorta -- the body's largest blood artery --
can be fatal, but a new minimally invasive stent-graft being done locally is
helping to make the condition easily correctable.

And addressing the problem will become even easier next year when new
legislation goes into effect that will require Medicare to cover screenings for
the aneurysms. The federal legislation was co-sponsored by U.S. Rep. Ron Lewis,
a Cecilia Republican whose mother died from such an aneurysm.

If the aneurysm, a balloon-like weakening in the artery's wall, goes undetected
and ruptures, there is an 80- to 90-percent chance the victim will die within
minutes.

"Half the people die before they make it to the hospital," said Dr. Robert
Schell with Ohio Valley Surgical Specialists on New Hartford Road.

Of those who do arrive, more than half will die, he said.

Schell, who has performed the procedure for six years, has done six of them at
Owensboro Medical Health System since it began offering it in March.

The big artery, nearly as wide as a ping-pong ball, moves a lot of blood. When
it ruptures, there is tremendous blood loss.

The condition is most common in men over the age of 60. Many tend to have a
family history of it, heart disease and/or are smokers, putting them even more
at risk if there is a rupture.

Starting in the 1950s, the only option was surgery that required a footlong
vertical incision in the abdomen and meant a seven- to 10-day hospital stay.

"There was a more immediate potential for complications," such as pneumonia and
cardiac problems, Schell said.

With the stent-graft's debut in 1991, a surgeon need only make a 2- to 3-inch
incision near the groin area on both upper legs.

Thin, flexible catheters with a section of the stent-graft compressed in it are
guided through each femoral artery until they reach the aorta.

The main section of the stent-graft is inserted in the aorta just above the
aneurysm and just below the kidney arteries, then the catheter is removed.

The bottoms of the stent-graft sections are attached to the iliac arteries that
branch off the end of the aorta and run to both legs.

Body heat causes the stent-graft -- a woven tube of a manmade material with a
web of thin metal wires -- to expand.

Small metal hooks latch to the artery walls, creating a seal that sends the
blood through the graft instead of the aneurysm, which shrinks.

"These grafts are engineering marvels" that withstand the pressure of blood flow
with every heartbeat, Schell said.

The procedure's precision is enhanced by a computer program that allows Schell
to create a fully rotatable, 3D model based on a patient's CT scan.

Schell can superimpose a section of the scan or place markers onto the model,
show only the blood flow and/or create a virtual graft.

Schell does follow-up checks using CT scans and ultrasounds to be sure there is
no leaking around the graft.

With smaller incisions, there also is less recovery time and discomfort.

The Rev. Ernest Bean, 80, of Greenville said he was weak in the legs the first
few weeks after having the procedure in March.

By mid- to early June, however, he was walking his usual 1 1/2 to two miles a
day, he said.

"There was very little soreness. This didn't seem to bother me at all," Bean
said.

Like many with the condition, Bean had no symptoms until he felt faint during a
Wednesday night sermon in March.

A doctor did tests the next day and snt him home, then hurriedly sent an
ambulance for him when the aneurysm was discovered, Bean said.

"It was a blessing it happened to me that night. I probably would not have found
out about this," said Bean, who is in good health and takes no medication.

The grafts "have become a fairly common procedure," Schell said. About 60 to 75
percent of those with the condition get it, he said.

Open surgery, in which the surgeon directly attaches the graft, is better if
there is no room between the aneurysm and kidney arteries, Schell said.

It also is a better option if the iliac arteries are too narrow or diseased, or
if they are twisting, he said.

With the procedure and technology evolving, Schell said, "we're pushing even
harder for people to get screened."

A quick abdominal ultrasound is all it takes and is recommended for men once
they hit age 60, Schell said.

Those with a family history of abdominal aneurysms, or if they are smokers or
have heart disease should get screened starting at age 55, he said.

That will be easier in January when the Screening Abdominal Aortic Aneurysms
Very Efficiently Act takes effect.

Having Medicare cover screenings "is something that if it can be detected ...
there can be some help provided to limit the death rate and (number of) those
who would be impaired," Lewis said.

Lewis' mother, Virgie Lewis, died in 2003 from the condition.

Prevention for the estimated 2.7 million Americans with the condition would
eventually offset the new law's cost, he said.

SAAAVE's requirements will cost about $200 million over five years, but that is
cheap "when you look at what the cost could be ... if it ruptures," he said.

Lewis said that could mean expensive hospital stays, rehabilitation and/or
long-term health care.

"The primary thing is to get the screening and then see what needs to be done
medically," Lewis said.

Copyright (c) 2006, Messenger-Inquirer, Owensboro, Ky. Distributed by
McClatchy-Tribune Business News. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20060803-OW-0803-Silent-Danger

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OW


                       Copyright 2006 Messenger-Inquirer


                             408 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

             Copyright 2009 Global Markets Direct, Inc., All Rights
                                    Reserved
                    Global Markets Direct - Company Overview

                                February 3, 2009

                         Bard Peripheral Vascular, Inc.

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *


   Bard Peripheral Vascular, Inc. (Bard Peripheral) is engaged in the
development, manufacture and marketing of cardiovascular products for the
vascular, urology, oncology and surgical markets. Its products are used in the
treatment of peripheral vascular disease, dialysis access and maintenance,
cancer detection and therapy. The company is a subsidiary of C. R. Bard, Inc.,
It is headquartered in Arizona, United States.

   The company's products portfolio includes abdominal and thoracic grafts,
tracheobronchial stent grafts, polyester knitted grafts, cardiovascular patches,
tapes, pouches, shunts, probes, fabrics, vena cava filters, peripheral bypass
grafts, hemodialysis access grafts and angioplasty products like PTCA dilation
catheters. Its product ePTFE (expanded polytetraflouroethylene) graft which is
used in vascular prosthetic applications, surgically bypasses diseased arteries
and provides blood access for hemodialysis. Its operations are concentrated in
Japan, Mexico, Germany, Australia, United Kingdom, Canada and the United States.


* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Company Overview                        Key Employees
Key Facts                               Locations and Subsidiaries
Major Products and Services             Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   Global Markets Direct uses a range of research techniques to gather and
verify its information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house
knowledge and expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as
company websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No
part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or
transmitted in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying,
recording or otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, Global
Markets Direct. The facts of this report are believed to be correct at the time
of publication but cannot be guaranteed. Please note that the findings,
conclusions and recommendations that Global Markets Direct delivers will be
based on information gathered in good faith from both primary and secondary
sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a position to guarantee. As such
Global Markets Direct can accept no liability whatever for actions taken based
on any information that may subsequently prove to be incorrect .

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2009


                             409 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 15, 2016 Thursday

Texas: UT Horizon Fund invests $150K to fund medical device that repairs blood
vessels

LENGTH: 552  words

DATELINE: New York



 Austin: The University of Texas System, The State of Texas  has issued the
following news release:



   The UT Horizon Fund recently invested $150,000 to fund Cardiovate, a San
Antonio-based startup that is using technology from two University of Texas
System institutions to commercialize a medical device to treat vascular diseases
by repairing blood vessels.





 The UT Horizon Fund -- a formative-stage venture fund created by the UT Board
of Regents that provides capital and support to companies with tangible ties to
one of UT System's 14 academic and health institutions -- initially invested
$50,000 in seed money for the company in 2013.
 "Cardiovate's disruptive technology will improve outcomes for patients who
suffer from vascular diseases such as peripheral artery disease," said Julie
Goonewardene, UT System associate vice chancellor for innovation and strategic
investment and managing director of the UT Horizon Fund. "The UT Horizon Fund
continues to support the company's efforts to move its life-saving medical
device from the laboratory to the bedside."



 Cardiovate CEO Mark Standeford said having the UT Horizon Fund as an investment
partner brings credibility and will help attract other investors to his company.




 "Start-up capital is crucial for any company and especially those in the life
science area," he said. "The investment from the UT Horizon Fund represents a
strong commitment to a technology that originated from UT San Antonio and UT
Health Science Center San Antonio. The fund not only brings the financial
support to accomplish early-stage milestones but it's also a great partner to
help us acquire additional financial support in the future."



 Surgical bypass graft to repair a blocked blood vesselSurgical bypass graft to
repair a blocked blood vessel



 Cardiovate's medical device was developed by Jordan Kaufmann, Ph.D., while she
was a graduate student at UTSA's College of Engineering, along with her faculty
advisers Mauli Agrawal, UTSA vice president of research; and Steven Bailey,
M.D., division chief for cardiology at UT Health Science Center San Antonio's
School of Medicine.



 "Vascular disease is a progressive and life-threatening condition," Standeford
said. "Our technology will help those patients suffering from it who rely on
synthetic bypass grafts for treatment. Current synthetic grafts often times fail
to perform well in long-term applications, requiring patients to undergo
additional surgeries to treat the condition, or in some cases, they must undergo
an amputation."



 Cardiovate's graft -- made from a biodegradable material that can be absorbed
by the body after use -- is designed to support the body's own healing process
to develop new vascular tissues over time. The three-dimensional architecture
and distinct surfaces of the graft will enable the growth of a patient's own
cells. The graft will be used for surgical repairs of blood vessels for
peripheral artery disease and below-the-knee surgical applications.



 Standeford said the UT Horizon Fund's latest investment will help Cardiovate
execute the next phase of research to conduct long-term studies and show
improved results from its grafts compared to other current devices.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             410 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 7, 2015 Saturday

US Patent granted to Warsaw Orthopedic, Inc. (Indiana) on March 3 titled as
"Bone graft injection syringe"

LENGTH: 154  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 8,968,323, on
March 3, 2015, to Warsaw Orthopedic, Inc. (Indiana), titled as "Bone graft
injection syringe"

Inventors:  McKay; William F. (Memphis, TN)
Assignee:  Warsaw Orthopedic, Inc. (Warsaw, IN)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
syringe that has a barrel with curvature is provided. The curvature enables a
greater volume of bone graft materials to be housed than in a straight syringe
without increasing the absolute distance from the handle of the plunger to
dispensing end of the syringe. Additionally by maintaining a constant diameter,
the barrel permits bone graft material to be dispersed with reduced likelihood
of clogging."

The patent was filed on November 22, 2010 Application no. 12/951,655

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             411 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 7, 2015 Saturday

US Patent granted to Warsaw Orthopedic, Inc. (Indiana) on March 3 titled as
"Bone graft injection syringe"

LENGTH: 154  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 8,968,323, on
March 3, 2015, to Warsaw Orthopedic, Inc. (Indiana), titled as "Bone graft
injection syringe"

Inventors:  McKay; William F. (Memphis, TN)
Assignee:  Warsaw Orthopedic, Inc. (Warsaw, IN)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
syringe that has a barrel with curvature is provided. The curvature enables a
greater volume of bone graft materials to be housed than in a straight syringe
without increasing the absolute distance from the handle of the plunger to
dispensing end of the syringe. Additionally by maintaining a constant diameter,
the barrel permits bone graft material to be dispersed with reduced likelihood
of clogging."

The patent was filed on November 22, 2010 Application no. 12/951,655

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             412 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Medical Device Daily

                             May 29, 2014 Thursday

MDD's Orthopedic Extra

LENGTH: 1792 words

Executive Editor

Pioneering hip and stem cell surgery

Doctors and scientists in Southampton, UK have completed their first hip surgery
with a 3-D printed implant and bone stem cell graft.

The 3-D printed hip, made from titanium, was designed using the patient's CT
scan and CAD CAM (computer aided design and computer aided manufacturing)
technology, meaning it was designed to the patient's exact specifications and
measurements.

The implant will provide a new socket for the ball of the femur bone to enter.
Behind the implant and between the pelvis, doctors have inserted a graft
containing bone stem cells.

The graft acts as a filler for the loss of bone. The patient's own bone marrow
cells have been added to the graft to provide a source of bone stem cells to
encourage bone regeneration behind and around the implant.

Southampton doctors believe this is a game changer. Douglas Dunlop, Consultant
Orthopaedic Surgeon, conducted the operation at Southampton General Hospital. He
said, "The benefits to the patient through this pioneering procedure are
numerous. The titanium used to make the hip is more durable and has been printed
to match the patient's exact measurements - this should improve fit and could
recue the risk of having to have another surgery."

"The bone graft material that has been used has excellent biocompatibility and
strength and will fill the defect behind the bone well, fusing it all together."

Over the past decade Dunlop and Professor Richard Oreffo, at the University of
Southampton, have developed a translational research programme to drive bone
formation using patient skeletal stem cells in orthopaedics.

The graft used in this operation is made up of a bone scaffold that allows blood
to flow through it. Stem cells from the bone marrow will attach to the material
and grow new bone. This will support the 3-D printed hip implant.

"The 3-D printing of the implant in titanium, from CT scans of the patient and
stem cell graft is cutting edge and offers the possibility of improved outcomes
for patients," said Oreffo.

For the patient, Meryl Richards, from Hampshire, the procedure means an end to
her hip troubles. In 1977 she was involved in a traffic accident and since then
has had to have six operations to mend her hip.



Potential solution to 'sticky'
problems inspired by spider silk

Researchers at the University of Akron (Akron, Ohio) are again spinning
inspiration from spider silk - this time to create more efficient and stronger
commercial and biomedical adhesives that could, for example, potentially attach
tendons to bones or bind fractures.

The Akron scientists created synthetic duplicates of the super-sticky, silk
"attachment discs" that spiders use to attach their webs to surfaces. These
discs are created when spiders pin down an underlying thread of silk with
additional threads, like stiches or staples, said Ali Dhinojwala, UA's H.A.
Morton professor of polymer science and lead researcher on the project. This
"staple-pin" geometry of the attachment disc creates a strong attachment force
using little material, he added.

Through electrospinning, a process by which an electrical charge is used to draw
very fine fibers from a liquid (in this case, polyurethane), Dhinojwala and his
team were able to mimic the efficient staple-pin design, pinning down an
underlying nylon thread with the electrospun fibers.

"This adhesive architecture holds promise for potential applications in the area
of adhesion science, particularly in the field of biomedicine where the cost of
the materials is a significant constraint," the authors write in their paper,
"Synthetic Adhesive Attachment Discs Inspired by Spider's Pyriform Silk
Architecture," published online in the Journal of Polymer Physics.

Dhinojwala added that the design could potentially be used, in addition to
medical applications, to create commercial adhesives stronger than conventional
glue and tape.

"Instead of using big globs of glue, for example, we can use this unique and
efficient design of threads pinning down a fiber," he said. "The inspiration was
right in front of us, in nature."



Protection from osteoarthritis may
lie in our own joints, study suggests

A recent study conducted by researchers at the University of Edinburgh is
suggesting a strong link between osteoarthritis, which causes pain and stiffness
in the joints and is the most common form of arthritis, and the endocannabioid
system, which is found in the synovial tissue and fluid that surround joints.
The endocannabinoid system is composed of cannabinoid receptors (which are more
popularly known for managing the body's response to the psychoactive effects of
cannabis) and endocannabinoid ligands. The type 2 cannabinoid receptor (CB2), is
proving to be a significant source of defence against this potentially
debilitating disease, which can affect all ages and is particularly common among
the elderly.

The findings, which offer the eventual promise of new forms of protection, were
presented at the 41st European Calcified Tissue Society Congress, held in Prague
earlier this month, by Professor Stuart Ralston, Arthritis Research UK Professor
of Rheumatology at the University of Edinburgh. Ralston described how a study of
mice with destabilized knee joints showed that cartilage degeneration, which
lies at the heart of osteoarthritis, was up to 40% more severe in mice who were
deficient in CB2 receptors, when compared to 'normal' mice, with the figure
reaching up to 60% more severe among aged mice that developed spontaneous
osteoarthritis and were deficient in CB2 receptors, when compared to their aged
'normal' counterparts.

The study also showed that a synthesised cannabinoid ligand, HU308,
significantly inhibited the progression of arthritis in younger mice with normal
levels of CB2 and had no effect on those with CB2 receptor deficiency.

"Learning what provides natural protection against osteoarthritis can
potentially give us a much greater insight into how we can develop treatments,"
said Raltson. "We know from this study that, in mice, a CB2 receptor deficiency
means a much higher likelihood of developing osteoarthritis and that the use of
the synthesised cannabinoid, HU308, in normal mice offers additional protection
against the disease."

"Our next step, we hope, is to investigate the role of the CB2 pathway in humans
with osteoarthritis."



Physical therapy for hip osteoarthritis
not an improvement for pain or function

Among adults with painful hip osteoarthritis, physical therapy did not result in
greater improvement in pain or function compared with a placebo treatment, but
was associated with relatively frequent but mild adverse effects, raising
questions about its value for these patients, according to a study in JAMA.

Hip osteoarthritis is a prevalent and costly chronic musculoskeletal condition.
Clinical guidelines recommend physical therapy as treatment, however costs are
significant, and evidence about its effectiveness is inconclusive, according to
background information in the article.

Kim Bennell, PhD, of the University of Melbourne, Australia, and colleagues
randomly assigned patients with hip osteoarthritis to attend 10 sessions of
either active treatment (n = 49; included education and advice, manual therapy,
home exercise, and walking aid if appropriate) or sham treatment (n = 53;
included inactive ultrasound and inert gel). For 24 weeks after treatment, the
active group continued unsupervised home exercise while the sham group
self-applied gel three times weekly.

The researchers found that at weeks 13 and 36 the active treatment did not
confer additional benefits over the sham treatment on measures of pain and
physical function, which were improved in both groups. The treatment group
reported a significantly greater number of adverse events, although these were
relatively mild in nature.

"These results question the benefits of such a physical therapy program for this
patient population," the authors concluded.

Using nature as a model for low-friction bearings

The mechanical properties of natural joints are considered unrivalled. Cartilage
is coated with a special polymer layer allowing joints to move virtually
friction-free, even under high pressure. Using simulations on Jülich's
supercomputers, scientists from Forschungszentrum Jülich (Jülich, Germany) and
the University of Twente (Enschede, the Netherlands) have developed a new
process that technologically imitates biological lubrication and even improves
it using two different types of polymers. The results will be published in the
science journal Nature Communications.

Lubricants are required wherever moving parts come together. They prevent direct
contact between solid elements and ensure that gears, bearings, and valves work
as smoothly as possible. Depending on the application, the ideal lubricant must
meet conflicting requirements. On one hand, it should be as thin as possible
because this reduces friction. On the other hand, it should be viscous enough
that the lubricant stays in the contact gap. In practice, grease and oils are
often used because their viscosity increases with pressure.

Biological lubrication in contrast is much more efficient. In joints, a t hin,
watery solution prevents friction. The thin film stays where it should thanks to
a trick of nature. A polymer layer is anchored to the cartilage at the end of
bones. Polymers are a string of densely packed, long-chain molecules. They
protrude from the cartilage and form "polymer brushes" which attract the
extremely fluid lubricant and keep it in place at the contact point.

Over the last 20 years, numerous attempts have been made to imitate the natural
model technically. But with no resounding success. The tentacle-like polymers on
surfaces opposite each other tend to get tangled up in each other. They slow
each other down and detach from the surfaces. In technical systems, individual
polymers that become detached are difficult to replace as they do not possess
the same self-healing mechanisms as in a natural organism.

Jülich physicist Prof. Martin Müser came up with the idea of using two different
polymers at the contact point to prevent the polymers becoming entangled. "Using
supercomputers, we simulated what would happen if we applied water-soluble
polymers to one side and water-repellent polymers to the other side," said Müser

Measurements with an atomic force microscope at the University of Twente in the
Netherlands verified the results. "The two different phases of the liquid
separate because they repel each other. This simultaneously holds the polymers
back and prevents them from protruding beyond the borders," said Sissi de Beer,
who recently moved from Müser's group to the University of Twente.

LOAD-DATE: June 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


          Copyright 2014 Thompson Media Group, LLC d/b/a AHC Media LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             413 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 6, 2014 Wednesday

USPTO Published Patent application of Alphatec Spine, Inc. titled as "Methods
and Systems for Storing Medical Implants Under Sustained Vacuum"

LENGTH: 227  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an application no.
20140209501, published on July 31, 2014, by Alphatec Spine, Inc., titled as
"Methods and Systems for Storing Medical Implants Under Sustained Vacuum" for
the registration of patent.

Inventors:  GOVIL; Amit; (San Diego, CA) ; GAMBOA; Christian Gabriel; (San
Diego, CA) ; THOMPSON; Neil Irvin; (San Marcos, CA) ; GUYER; Jeffrey Allen; (San
Diego, CA) ; FLORES; Markanthony B.; (San Diego, CA) ; SOMASUNDAR; Sudhanshu;
(San Diego, IN)
Assignee: Alphatec Spine, Inc.
Carlsbad
CA

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office:
"Methods and systems for improving the shelf life of a medical graft generally
comprising a medical implant container having at least one graft cavity
configured to hold at least one graft under a first vacuum and a needle entry
port in fluid communication with the at least one graft cavity, the needle entry
port being configured to receive and communicate a material to the at least one
graft cavity and an outer chamber configured to hold the medical implant
container under a second vacuum."

The Patent was filed on April 1, 2014 under application No. 20140209501

For more information please visit: http://www.uspto.gov/. In case of any query
regarding this article or other content needs please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             414 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           August 14, 2013 Wednesday

US Patent granted to Osteosphere, LLC (Texas) on August 13 titled as
"Development of a human colloidal bone graft material"

LENGTH: 172  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 8,506,982 on
August 13, 2013, to Osteosphere, LLC (Texas), titled as "Development of a human
colloidal bone graft material"

Inventors: Sundaresan; Alamelu (Sugarland, TX), Clarke; Mark S. F. (Houston,
TX), Brinker; Mark (Houston, TX)

Assignee: Osteosphere, LLC (Houston, TX)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "The
present disclosure provides colloidal bone graft compositions comprising a
plurality of mineralized three-dimensional bone constructs, a polymerizable
biocompatible matrix, an osteoblast differentiation agent, and at least one
osteoblast mineralization agent. The colloidal bone graft compositions of the
disclosure are used to perform bone grafts in human or animal patients."

The patent was filed on November 14, 2008 Application no. 12/742,806

For more information please visit: http://www.uspto.gov/. In case of any query
regarding this article or other content needs please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             415 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 11, 2014 Friday

US Patent granted to Cardica, Inc (California) on July 08 titled as "Anastomosis
fasteners"

LENGTH: 236  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 8,771,312, on
July 08, 2014, to Cardica, Inc (California), titled as "Anastomosis fasteners"

Inventors:  Knodel; Bryan D. (Flagstaff, AZ), Clauson; Luke W. (Redwood City,
CA)

Assignee:  Cardica, Inc. (Redwood City, CA)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
fastener suitable for anastomosis procedures may include a base, at least two
sharp tines extending from the base, and at least one blunt wing extending from
the base. The base may have a perimeter, and the tines and the wings may be
arranged in alternating sequence along that perimeter. A method for performing
anastomosis between a graft vessel and a target vessel, may include stapling the
end of the graft vessel to the side of the target vessel, and deploying at least
one fastener into tissue at least at one end of the anastomosis, wherein the
fastener includes a plurality of tines and at least one wing, wherein each wing
compresses the wall of the graft vessel against the outer surface of the target
vessel without penetrating either of the graft vessel and the target vessel."

The patent was filed on November 5, 2007 Application no.  11/934,949
Filed:  November 5, 2007

For more information please visit: http://www.uspto.gov/. In case of any query
regarding this article or other content needs please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             416 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        Progressive Media - Company News

                          November 20, 2013 Wednesday

Gore Launches early cannulation capable vascular graft for haemodialysis
patients

SECTION: NORTH AMERICA; Technology

LENGTH: 484 words



HIGHLIGHT: W L Gore & Associates (Gore) has launched its Gore Acuseal vascular
graft, a low-bleed, tri-layer vascular graft that includes an elastomeric middle
membrane between inner and outer layers of expanded polytetrafluoroethylene
(ePTFE) for vascular access.


W L Gore & Associates (Gore) has launched its Gore Acuseal vascular graft, a
low-bleed, tri-layer vascular graft that includes an elastomeric middle membrane
between inner and outer layers of expanded polytetrafluoroethylene (ePTFE) for
vascular access.

According to the company, this middle membrane hinders suture line and
cannulation needle bleeding and may reduce the risk of seroma formation and
pseudoaneurysm.

In addition, the Gore Acuseal vascular graft design is kink resistant and
flexible at curves while allowing for precise suturing and anastomotic
tailoring.

The Gore Acuseal vascular fraft received the US Food and Drug Administration
approval in April, and has an ePTFE luminal surface that incorporates the
CARMEDA BioActive Surface (CBAS Surface).

The CBAS Surface was previously introduced with the Gore Propaten vascular graft
, which was specifically designed for those vascular procedures where the risk
of acute graft thrombotic failure is of clinical concern.

Gore's proprietary end-point covalently bonded heparin technology bestows
thromboresistant properties to the vascular graft, as well as helping achieve
sustained anti-thrombotic bioactivity on the graft surface for an extended
period of time.

Sentara Healthcare Vascular Services chief and principal investigator in
Norfolk, Virginia, Dr Marc Glickman said with early cannulation, physicians can
reduce the number of days patients use tunneled catheters for dialysis, which in
turn will reduce the morbidity and mortality for these patients.

"The results of our trial demonstrate that the Gore Acuseal vascular graft does
allow for early cannulation within 72 hours of implantation without the risk of
cannulation-related complications such as infection and without reducing the
patency of the graft," Dr Glickman said.

The recently completed prospective, non-randomised, multi-centre US clinical
trial consisting of 138 subjects showed that the six-month cumulative patency of
the Gore Acuseal vascular graft is similar to that of other arteriovenous grafts
with 84% patency compared with 75% patency in the historical control.

The data also demonstrated that within 28 days of graft implantation, 75.6% of
Gore Acuseal vascular grafts had been successfully cannulated three consecutive
times, allowing for the potential for the central venous catheter to be removed.

Dr Glickman presented 'Early Cannulation Graft: Results of Acuseal Clinical
Trial' at the 2013 Veithsymposium on 19 November.

Gore Medical surgical vascular sales leader Cress Whitfield said: "By offering a
graft that allows for early cannulation, physicians can provide patients with
better treatment options while still benefitting from the uncompromised handling
offered by Gore's vascular grafts."

According to GlobalData estimates, the US dialysis accessories market was valued
at $2bn in 2012 and is expected to grow at a CAGR of 3.2% to reach $2.59bn by
2019.

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2013 Progressive Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             417 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 5, 2013 Tuesday

USPTO Published Patent application of CLEVELAND CLINIC FOUNDATION titled as
"RETENTION SYSTEM FOR AN ENDOLUMINAL DEVICE"

LENGTH: 223  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an application no.
20130053945, on February 28, 2013, by CLEVELAND CLINIC FOUNDATION, titled as
"RETENTION SYSTEM FOR AN ENDOLUMINAL DEVICE" for the registration of patent.

Inventors:  Greenberg; Roy K.; (Bratenahl, OH) ; West; Karl J.; (Geneva, OH)
Assignee:  CLEVELAND CLINIC FOUNDATION
Cleveland
OH

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
delivery system for an endoluminal device including an introducer, the
introducer having a distal end intended to remain outside a patient in use and a
proximal end. A stent graft having a first and second end is retained upon the
introducer, the stent graft defining a fenestration disposed through a wall of
the stent graft between the first and second end. A valve arrangement is
disposed within an interior lumen of the stent graft about the fenestration. A
retention system including a trigger wire engages and retains the valve
arrangement away from the fenestration. The fenestration is in fluid
communication with the interior lumen of the stent graft."

The Patent was filed on August 29, 2012 under application No. 20130053945

For more information please visit: http://www.uspto.gov/. In case of any query
regarding this article or other content needs please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             418 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              April 8, 2016 Friday

Head Line: US Federal Contract Notice: Department of the Navy (California)
Issues Solicitation for "ALLOMAX TISSUE MATRIX"

LENGTH: 279  words

DATELINE: Lahore


WASHINGTON: Department of the Navy, Bureau of Medicine and Surgery officer has
issued requirement for "ALLOMAX TISSUE MATRIX"

Solicitation No: N0025916N0106

Notice Type: Special Notice
Posted Date: April 7, 2016

Description: Notice of Intent to Sole Source
The Naval Medical Center San Diego (NMCSD) intends to award a sole source
purchase order under the authority of FAR 13.106-1(b)(1)(i), due to only one
source being available to meet the Government's needs, to
DAVOL Inc.


100 Crossings Blvd
Warwick, RI, 02886-2850
The requirement is for Allomax tissue matrix for three scheduled patients having
breast reconstruction with tissue expansion placement. The following supplies
are needed:
01. Allomax Tissue Matrix-Size: 6cm x16cm. Product Code: 1180616M. Qty:6
Allomax is a human ADM (acellular dermal matrix) specially designed with a tight
tolerance of 1mm+/-0.2mm to ensure consistency between grafts providing greater
precision.
1) Symmetry: Consistent graft thickness to help support a uniform repair and
allows for a smooth transition from the pectoralis major to the graft.
2) Sterility: High Sterility Assurance level which meets the FDA recommendation
for implantable devices; Tutoplast process ensures Allomax Surgical Graft
remains non-crosslinked, and over 3 million Tutoplast processed implants
distributed with no incidence of allograft associated disease transmission
reported.
3) Science: Proven blood vessel formation in as little as 7 days

Set Aside: N/A

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 339

Contact Details: Bldg 1 34800 Bob Wilson Drive San Diego, California 92134-5000
United States

Point of Contact(s): UYEN THUY TRAN uyen.t.tran6.civ@mail.mil Phone: 6195328149


LOAD-DATE: April 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             419 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               India Pharma News

                      December 11, 2015 Friday 6:30 AM EST

Medtronic Announces FDA Approval of Infuse Bone Graft for Three New Spine
Surgery Indications

LENGTH: 718  words


Dec. 11 -- Medtronic plc (NYSE: MDT) today announced U.S. Food and Drug
Administration (FDA) approval of additional spine surgery indications for Infuse
Bone Graft. Upon receiving final labeling approval from the FDA, the company
expects to begin marketing these expanded indications in early calendar year
2016. With this expanded approval, Medtronic will be able to market Infuse Bone
Graft for use with certain spine implants made of polyetheretherketone (PEEK) in
oblique lateral interbody fusion (OLIF) and anterior lumbar interbody fusion
(ALIF) procedures.

The new indications for Infuse Bone Graft are:

Use in OLIF51(TM) Procedures with certain sizes of the PEEK Perimeter Implant at
a single level from L5-S1.

Use in OLIF25(TM) Procedures with certain sizes of the PEEK Clydesdale Implant
at a single level from L2-L5.

Use in ALIF procedures with certain sizes of the PEEK Perimeter Implant at a
single level from L2-S1.

"For my anterior and anterolateral lumbar spine fusion cases, the use of Infuse
Bone Graft allows me to reliably obtain a solid arthrodesis without having to
harvest bone from the patient's own hip which generally requires a second
incision, results in significant pain, and increases the risk of complications
such as bleeding or infection," said Peter Whang, MD, FACS, an Associate
Professor in the Department of Orthopaedics at the Yale School of Medicine in
New Haven, CT.  "In particular, I believe that the proven osteoinductive
properties of Infuse Bone Graft are particularly beneficial when used in
conjunction with PEEK interbody spacers and the less invasive OLIF technique,
which circumvents the psoas muscle and minimizes disruption of the surrounding
soft tissues and neural structures."

Infuse Bone Graft is used with certain Medtronic interbody fusion devices to
treat lumbar degenerative disc disease.  This condition can cause back and/or
leg pain, as well as functional problems, such as tingling or numbness in the
legs or buttocks or difficulty walking.

"With these expanded indications, we can bring the benefits of this important
technology to more patients to help ensure they achieve a solid fusion and the
best potential for a positive clinical outcome," said Doug King, senior vice
president and president of Medtronic's Spinal business, which is part of the
Restorative Therapies Group at Medtronic. "We believe in the safety and
effectiveness of Infuse Bone Graft and reiterate our continued commitment to the
product."

Infuse Bone Graft is FDA-approved for certain spine, oral-maxillofacial and
orthopedic trauma surgeries. For these surgeries, it can offer several benefits,
including eliminating the need to harvest bone from the patient's body in a
secondary procedure, shorter operating times, and proven rates of fusion or bone
formation.i

The active ingredient in Infuse Bone Graft - rhBMP-2 - is a manufactured version
of a protein already present in the body that promotes new bone growth. During
surgery, it is applied to an absorbable collagen sponge (ACS). The ACS is a
carrier to deliver the rhBMP-2 to the implant site and acts as a scaffold for
the formation of new bone, and it will resorb, or disappear, over time.  For
more information about Infuse Bone Graft, visit www.bmp2.com.

The OLIF25 Procedure helps surgeons preserve the patient's psoas muscle when
treating the L2-L5 levels of the spine.  Additionally, it gives surgeons easier
access around the patient's iliac crest - enabling placement of an implant into
the disc space for anterior column support.  The OLIF51 Procedure provides
lateral access to the L5-S1 disc space and doesn't require surgeons to flip the
patient from an anterior position during surgery.  OLIF Procedures incorporate
Medtronic's comprehensive surgical platform of access, interbody, navigation,
fixation and biologic options.

Infuse Bone Graft is not indicated for use with a trans-psoas surgical approach.
As with any surgery, a spinal fusion procedure with Infuse Bone Graft /
Medtronic Interbody Fusion Device is not without risk.  A variety of
complications can occur.  These may occur in isolation or in combination.
Additional surgery may be needed to correct these complications.

A multimedia version of this release with downloadable media can be found here:
http://bit.ly/1jQUeOO.

Source: Medtronic

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2015 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             420 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Medical Device Daily

                             March 9, 2000 Thursday

Briefly Noted

LENGTH: 658 words

Briefly Noted

Patent suit, more layoffs at Premier Laser

 Recent weeks have not been happy ones for Premier Laser Systems (San Clemente,
California), with the company announcing drastic staff cuts and now facing a
patent infringement lawsuit from Biolase (San Clemente, California).  Last
month, the company announced what it called "furloughs" of two-thirds of its
staff to just 45 employees (see Medical Device Week, Feb. 17, 2000). And last
week it an nounced further reductions, to just nine people. Then on Tuesday,
Biolase said that it had filed suit against the company, charging that Premier
violated its patents covering lasers that use water for dental applications.

Biolase - which calls itself "the world leader in painless hard- and soft-tissue
dental laser technology" - said in a statement that it holds patents for this
kind of laser system, plus its HydroKinetic technology. "Previously," the
company said, it "has prevailed in unrelated laser/water patent proceedings."

"With this present action, we intend to rigorously protect the interests of the
company and our shareholders by protecting the intellectual property of Biolase
and the products and technology we have developed," said Jeffrey Jones, Biolase
president and CEO. "It is our opinion that it is difficult, if not impractical,
to build a system that uses water and laser for dental hard-tissue applications
without infringing on the patents of Biolase."

Premier has not yet commented on the Biolase suit. But it did release a
statement terming its most recent layoffs as "unpaid temporary leave" and
attributing them - as with previous layoffs - to "short-term liquidity issues."

President and CEO Michael Quinn said the company regretted the cutbacks, "but in
order to preserve the company's cash in the near term, we believe it is the best
interest of Premier to take this action at this time."

CardioTech expands graft distribution

CardioTech International (Woburn, Massachusetts) has appointed distributors in
Greece and Turkey for its VascuLink Vascular Access Graft. The graft uses the
company's polyurethane polymer and manufacturing process "to address the
shortcomings of currently available vascular access grafts," it said.

Alan Edwards, managing director, said that the selection of the distributors -
Medical Horizons in Greece and Star Medical in Turkey - "bridges the gap between
our European and Middle East marketing activities. These are rapidly growing
markets with established insurance healthcare systems. With the eastward
expansion of the European Union, these countries are expected to grow the
numbers of dialysis facilities, thereby significantly increasing the market size
for our products."

Reprocessor opens new facility  Alliance Medical (Phoenix, Arizona), a firm that
calls itself "the leading full-service disposable medical device reprocessing
company in North America," has opened a new  reprocessing facility. The
41,000-square-foot facility was built for "advanced reprocessing of specifically
validated medical devices," the company said in a statement.

The new facility includes administrative offices and features two certified
Class 10,000 clean rooms, a full-time facilities maintenance engineer and
custom-designed processing equipment. These include a pressurized automated
laparoscopic lumen and biopsy forceps cleaners and a laser etching and scanning
mechanism for individual device serialization and performance data capture.

Gambro strengthens position in Mexico

Gambro AB (Stockholm, Sweden) said that its Mexican subsidiary, Gambro de Mexico
, has assumed the renal products sales business in Mexico from its former joint
venture partner. This represents approximately $8 million in annual sales. The
company said the move "substantially strengthens" its position in Mexico, the
largest market for renal products in Latin America, and is part of its strategy
for an increased direct sales presence in that region.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                          Copyright 2000 AHC Media LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             421 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 17, 2014 Wednesday

USPTO Published Patent application of Orthovita, Inc. titled as "MIXING SYSTEM
AND VALVE ASSEMBLY"

LENGTH: 290  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an application no.
20140251438, published on September 11, 2014, by Orthovita, Inc., titled as
"MIXING SYSTEM AND VALVE ASSEMBLY" for the registration of patent.

Inventors:  Gettings; John A.; (Drexel Hill, PA) ; Havener; Matthew B.; (West
Conshohocken, PA) ; McIlhenny; Stephen E.; (Lansdale, PA)
Assignee:   Orthovita, Inc.
Malvern
PA

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
mixing system is disclosed in which the system comprises a source of bone-graft
or bone-graft-substitute material, a liquid source, and a vacuum source, at
least one of the source of bone-graft or bone-graft-substitute material and the
liquid source being in communication with the vacuum source. A valve assembly
also forms part of the system, the valve assembly having a valve movable between
a first position in which a first fluid passageway is created between the source
of bone-graft or bone-graft-substitute material and the vacuum, and a second
position in which a second fluid passageway is created between the source of
bone-graft or bone-graft-substitute material and the liquid source, wherein, in
the second position, the valve seals off the first fluid passageway, the vacuum
source being adapted to generate a negative-pressure environment, relative to
atmospheric pressure, within the valve assembly while the valve is in the first
position. Methods of utilizing the aforementioned system are also disclosed."

The Patent was filed on February 26, 2014 under application No. 20140251438

For more information please visit: http://www.uspto.gov/. In case of any query
regarding this article or other content needs please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             422 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Medical Device Daily

                            January 25, 2008 Friday

Agreements

LENGTH: 802 words


Agreements

AxoGen in accord with Stryker for new nerve graft distribution

A Medical Device Daily Staff Report

AxoGen (Alachua, Florida) reported an agreement with orthopedics powerhouse
Stryker (Kalamazoo, Michigan) to provide distribution and co-marketing services
for the new Avance Nerve Graft.

Stryker will be responsible for Avance Nerve Graft distribution services for
nerve repairs in the upper extremities, lower extremities and brachial plexus.
AxoGen will provide distribution services within the head, neck and torso.

Avance is intended for use in the repair of damaged and diseased peripheral
nerves. According to the companies, it is the only product available that gives
surgeons the option to repair damaged peripheral nerves with human allograft
nerves while eliminating a second donor site surgery.

"AxoGen is pleased to be partnering with Stryker to bring hope of restoration of
nerve function to more patients suffering from peripheral nerve damage and
disease. This partnership represents a milestone achievement for our
organization," said John Engels, VP for AxoGen.

In other agreements:

o Clinical Data (Newton, Massachusetts) and Affymetrix (Santa Clara, California)
reported a marketing agreement for a new drug metabolism service using the
Affymetrix Drug Metabolizing Enzymes and Transporter (DMET) Early Access
solution. Cogenics and Epidauros Biotechnologie, both subsidiaries of Clinical
Data, will offer the DMET services on a global basis, with limited exclusivity
in Europe.

The service is intended to enable pharmaceutical customers to generate
comprehensive genetic profiles of a patient's metabolic status to gain a better
understanding of pharmacokinetic drug response.

Affymetrix has been working closely with Cogenics to develop the DMET
technology, which directly assays 1,069 total biomarkers in 160 Absorption,
Distribution, Metabolism and Excretion (ADME) genes. The kit includes cytochrome
p450 enzymes and drug transporters like MDR1 genetic biomarkers, the company
said.

o StemCells (Palo Alto, California) said it has entered into a research
collaboration with the Oregon Health & Science University (OHSU; Portland) Casey
Eye Institute to evaluate the company's HuCNS-SC product candidate (purified
human neural stem cells) as a potential treatment for retinal degeneration, a
leading cause of blindness.

The retina is a thin layer of neural cells that lines the back of the eye and is
responsible for converting external light into neural signals. Thus, the loss of
function in retinal cells leads to an impairment or loss of vision, the company
noted. The most common forms of retinal degeneration are age-related macular
degeneration and retinitis pigmentosa. In the U.S., age-related macular
degeneration affects more than 1.5 million people in the over-65 population and
is the leading cause of blindness in that group, the company said. The macula,
one of the most critical parts of the retina, is responsible for processing
detailed vision. Retinitis pigmentosa is a class of hereditary diseases that
also leads to progressive degeneration of retinal cells. In the U.S., the most
common types of retinitis pigmentosa affect about 65,000 people. For both
age-related macular degeneration and retinitis pigmentosa, preventative measures
are generally not available and current treatments have only limited effects,
according to StemCells.

StemCells develops cell-based therapeutics to treat diseases of the nervous
system and the liver. It recently completed enrollment in a Phase I trial to
evaluate the safety and preliminary efficacy of its HuCNS-SC product candidate
as a treatment for infantile and late infantile neuronal ceroid lipofuscinosis,
a fatal neurodegenerative disease often referred to as Batten Disease.

o St. Jude Medical (St. Paul Minnesota) reported that it has renewed its
complete line of product agreements with HealthTrust Purchasing Group
(Brentwood, Tennessee). The renewal will extend through December 2010 all
existing purchasing agreements between the parties, which cover St. Jude
Medical's complete line of Cardiac Rhythm Management, Atrial Fibrillation,
Cardiac Surgery and Cardiology products.

HealthTrust also reported signing a three-year supplier agreement with Masimo
(Irvine, California). The agreement provides HealthTrust members access to
Masimo SET pulse oximetry and Masimo Rainbow SET monitoring technologies. Masimo
said that the addition of HealthTrust expands its GPO contracts to include all
10 of the nation's top GPOs, allowing hospitals and other care providers access
to Masimo SET and Masimo Rainbow SET technologies.

HealthTrust reports supporting over 3,800 not-for-profit and for-profit
facilities including acute care hospitals, ambulatory surgery centers, physician
practices, and alternate care sites.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                          Copyright 2008 AHC Media LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             423 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Philippines Daily Inquirer

                              June 19, 2015 Friday

Prosecutors ask court to suspend from office Bacolod mayor over graft

LENGTH: 354  words


State lawyers have asked the Sandiganbayan to suspend from office a Bacolod
mayor as he faces graft charges over the alleged overprice of computers when he
was a congressman.

In a motion before the antigraft court fourth division, prosecutors sought the
suspension from office pending the litigation of Bacolod City Mayor Monico
Puentevella, who faced a graft charge for the alleged overprice in the purchase
of computers worth P26 million, which was funded by his pork barrel funds when
he was congressman of Bacolod.

The prosecutors told the court Republic Act No. 3019 or Anti-Graft and Corrupt
Practices Act mandated the suspension from office of public officials who faced
valid charges before the antigraft court.

The panel also said jurisprudence dictated that the suspension pendent lite was
automatic and should not be subject to interpretation by the court.

The prosecutors urged the court to issue the suspension and not defer it due to
Puentevella's petition for certiorari pending before the Supreme Court.

It is worthy to note that the provision regarding suspension pendent lite of
incumbent public officer is mandatory  To hold in abeyance accused Puentevella's
suspension pendent lite just because of the pendency of his petition before the
Supreme Court would undermine and render nugatory the mandatory character of
Section 13, R. A. 3019, the motion said.

He and two others are accused of violating the Anti-Graft and Corrupt Practices
Act for the alleged irregular purchase of IT packages for public elementary and
secondary schools in the city in 2002, 2004 and 2005, using his Priority
Development Assistance Fund (PDAF) when he was then a congressman.

The mayor had been denied by the court to go to Zurich, Switzerland, to attend
the 65th Federation Internationale de Football Association (Fifa) Congress.
Puentevella had said his attendance was necessary for his reappointment to
Fifa's marketing and TV committee to ensure a Philippine representative in Fifa.

But he had been allowed by the court to attend the annual World Cities Summit
Mayors Forum 2015 (WCSMF) held on June 8 to June 10 in New York City.

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Philippines Daily Inquirer
                              All Rights Reserved


                             424 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                            January 16, 2017 Monday

PTMC Institute applies for US Patent titled as "STENT-GRAFT"

LENGTH: 157 words

DATELINE: New York


ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an
application no. 20170007391 for US Patent, published on January 12, 2017, by
PTMC Institute, titled as "STENT-GRAFT"  for the registration of patent.



Inventors: Inoue; Kanji; (Kyoto-shi, JP)

Applicant: PTMC Institute Kyoto-shi JP

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "This
invention provides a stent-graft that has both shape-maintainability and
flexibility, and when implanted in a living body, the stent-graft performs its
intended functions for a considerably long period of time relative to
conventional stent-grafts, without causing conflict. The stent-graft comprises a
stent comprising multiple elastic rings and a graft. An auxiliary elastic wire
whose rigidity is lower than that of the stent is arranged at the end-part of
the graft, and the auxiliary elastic wire is connected to the multiple elastic
rings at the opening part."


LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             425 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Medical Device Daily

                           January 10, 2001 Wednesday

Product Briefs

LENGTH: 974 words

Product Briefs

·CardioTech International (Woburn, Massachusetts) said it has started bench
testing its CardioPass microporous coronary artery bypass graft. The CardioPass
graft is made of ChronoFlex biodurable polyurethane, features three layers
similar to natural arteries and is designed to replicate the biomechanical
properties of human arteries. CardioTech said the CardioPass grafts are designed
to be used in "no option" patients whose saphenous veins have been used in
previous surgical procedures.

·Cbyon (Palo Alto, California) said the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office has
issued a broad, enabling patent related to the company's surgical navigation
technology, which is marketed as the Cbyon Savant software suite to hospitals
and surgeons so they may see through internal structures and guide surgical
instruments during surgery. Patent No. 6,167,296, titled "Method for Volumetric
Image Navigation," was issued to Stanford University. Cbyon is the licensee of
the patent from Stanford, including additional pending U.S. and foreign patent
applications. The technology covered by the patent creates the basis for the
Cbyon Image Enhanced Endoscopy module, which displays a virtual anatomic image
matched and synchronized with the same perspective of the actual endoscopic
image. Initial FDA 510(k)-cleared applications include neurosurgical, spine, and
ear nose and throat surgeries.

·Millipore (Bedford, Massachusetts) has introduced the first products in its
line of Montage Life Science Kits. The company said its Montage Genomics Kits,
which include reagents and disposable materials, provide DNA suitable for the
most sensitive genetic research applications in about half the time of existing
kits. The new kits - for plasmid miniprep and PCR cleanup - use protocols that
eliminate lengthy bind and elute methods and centrifugation.

·Optical Sensors' (OSI; Minneapolis, Minnesota) CapnoProbe sensor, a disposable
probe intended to provide a measurement of sublingual CO2 for patient
monitoring, has received clearance to market from the FDA. The technology behind
the CapnoProbe sensor was developed by the Institute of Critical Care Medicine
(ICCM; Palm Springs, California), a nonprofit public foundation associated with
the Keck School of Medicine at the University of Southern California (Los
Angeles, California). The ICCM licensed worldwide rights to issued and pending
patents to OSI to incorporate such patents into OSI's technology to assess
sublingual and esophageal pCO2 measurement as an aid to diagnose and monitor
patient status. ICCM developed the concept of measuring carbon dioxide tension
under the tongue using a sensor similar to an oral thermometer for the diagnosis
of circulatory shock and for guiding its treatment.

·Ortec International (New York) said it will file four additional patents with
the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office enhancing and broadening the proprietary
aspects of its Composite Cultured Skin (CCS) technology. The patents to be filed
focus on Ortec's cryopreservation, cell and manufacturing processes, and a
cardiovascular application of its tissue-engineered CCS technology.

·Staar Surgical (Monrovia, California) said it has received a license from the
Health Canada agency that allows the company to market and distribute the
AquaFlow collagen glaucoma drainage device in Canada. The device was approved
for use in patients with uncontrolled intraocular pressure due to open-angle
glaucoma despite having tried maximum-tolerated medical therapy for their
glaucoma. A company statement said the FDA has also indicated it has no concerns
regarding the clinical data, so it still anticipates U.S. approval early this
year.

·St. Jude Medical (St. Paul, Minnesota) reported the global market release of
new electrophysiology catheters to assist clinicians in the diagnosis of
paroxysmal atrial fibrillation (PAF), a common heart arrhythmia. The new Supreme
Spiral SC catheters are deployed into the heart's left atrium via specialized
guiding introducers, allowing physicians to circumferentially map the myocardial
sleeves around the ostia of the pulmonary veins. The catheter's spiral-shaped
curve tips can assist the physician in identifying the desired entrance or exit
points where atrial fibrillation propagates into the left atrium. The Supreme
product line includes mapping catheters for the diagnosis of various
arrhythmias.

·Thoratec Laboratories (Pleasanton, California) has filed a PMA supplement with
the FDA seeking approval to market the Thoratec Ventricular Assist Device (VAD)
System for bridge to recovery, a new indication for use in the treatment and
reversal of late-stage heart failure in certain types of patients. The company
said the data in this retrospective analysis demonstrates that there are heart
failure patients who can recover cardiac function on VAD support, thus avoiding
a heart transplant procedure. The system consists of one or two blood pumps, a
drive console and cannulae that connect the pump to the heart and vessels.

·Trimedyne (Irvine, California) said it has begun shipping to customers a new
line of FlexMax optical fibers for surgical use with Holmium lasers. Trimedyne
said the blue FlexMax fibers, which are more easily seen during surgery, offer
greater flexibility and smaller diameters than other optical fibers on the
market. A patented connector prevents excessive heat build-up at the connection
of the optical fiber to the laser, reducing damage to the fiber and increasing
its longevity. Trimedyne also said that it has shipped the first units of its
new 30-watt Holmium laser to customers. The new laser, dubbed the OmniPulse Jr.,
can be used in lithotripsy and to cut, ablate, vaporize or coagulate tissues in
a variety of surgical procedures, including the excision or vaporization of
various tumors, lesions and polyps.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                          Copyright 2001 AHC Media LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             426 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                           November 17, 2016 Thursday

Head Line: US Patent granted to Cook Biotech Incorporated (Indiana) on November
15, 2016 titled as "Cell-seeded extracellular matrix grafts"

LENGTH: 158 words

DATELINE: New York


ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no.
9,492,267 on November 15, 2016, to Cook Biotech Incorporated (Indiana) titled as
"Cell-seeded extracellular matrix grafts"

Inventors: Hiles; Michael C. (Lafayette, IN)


Assignee: Cook Biotech Incorporated (West Lafayette, IN) (Indiana)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office:
"Described are tissue graft constructs that include an extracellular matrix
material in combination with added endothelial cells and at least one additional
added exogenous cellular population. The additional exogenous cellular
population desirably includes muscle cells, such as smooth muscle cells,
fibroblasts, or a combination thereof. Tubular constructs seeded with such cell
combinations can be beneficially used as vascular grafts. Also described are
methods for preparing and using such grafts."

The patent was filed on May 1, 2003 Application No. 10/513,249


LOAD-DATE: November 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             427 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                            December 6, 2009 Sunday
                           4 State / Suncoast Edition

IN BIRTHDAY SUITS FOR 40TH EARTH DAY

SECTION: TAMPA BAY; Pg. 6B

LENGTH: 611 words


KEY WEST

A group of Florida Keys women ages 44 to 78 are posing nude for the 2010 "Women
Sustaining the Earth" calendar. Organizer Erika Biddle got the idea from the
movie Calendar Girls, based on the true story of British women who did the same
thing. Biddle wanted only models 40 and older, to honor the 40th birthday of
Earth Day in April. All 500 of the first printings have been sold, raising
$8,000 for the Green Living & Energy Education group's community garden.

* * *

MIAMI

Teen set on fire gets skin grafts

A Deerfield Beach teen doused with rubbing alcohol and set on fire by a group of
other teens received a second skin graft Friday.

A Jackson Memorial Hospital spokeswoman says 15-year-old Michael Brewer was
listed in stable condition. The first graft was Monday. The Oct. 12 attack
burned 65 percent of his body. Three teens, Denver Colorado Jarvis, Jesus Mendez
and Matthew Bent, are charged as adults with second-degree attempted murder.

* * *

JUPITER

Suspect in quadruple killing planned ahead

A man accused of shooting dead four family members at a Thanksgiving dinner has
likely has fled the state, say documents filed Friday in federal court.

As a result, the FBI has joined Jupiter police and the U.S. Marshals Service in
the search for Paul Michael Merhige, 35. Merhige gathered clothing, a computer
hard drive and "a large amount of cash'' ahead of the Nov. 26 shootings, said a
sworn statement by FBI task force agent Paul Bruno.

Bruno also said Merhige got his passport from his mother a week before the
shootings.

Police say Merhige pulled a gun and shot six relatives, killing four.

* * *

BRADENTON

Ex-football star guilty of murder

A former high school football star has been convicted of shooting down another
teen while robbing him of a necklace in July 2008.

A jury found former Lakewood Ranch High School quarterback Timothy Brooks guilty
Friday of first-degree murder and robbery with a firearm. Another teen charged
with murder in the case, Cody Rogers, 19, is set to go on trial next year.

* * *

OCALA

CNN host blamed in Florida suicide

A Harvard professor says CNN Headline News host Nancy Grace's relentless
questioning of a Florida mother three years ago contributed to her suicide,
according to a filing in the family's wrongful-death case.

Grace launched aggressive nightly coverage of 2-year-old Trenton Duckett's case
shortly after he disappeared in 2006, usually with a collection of analysts.
When the boy's mother, Melinda Duckett, appeared by telephone two weeks into the
case, speculation was beginning to narrow on her possible involvement.

Dr. Harold J. Bursztajn, a clinical professor of psychiatry, wrote in a filing
this week. that Grace "struck a highly accusatory tone."

The next day, the 21-year-old Duckett shot herself in the head.

Grace and the network have denied any involvement in the suicide, and a CNN
spokeswoman declined comment on the filing.

Trenton has still not been found, and Duckett is the only suspect.

* * *

WEST PALM BEACH

Dad charged after infant is left in car

A West Palm Beach man faces child neglect charges after authorities say he left
his infant daughter in a car while he went to a strip club.

The Palm Beach County Sheriff's Office reports that deputies found 39-year-old
Omar Abdo having a drink with a dancer at the Flashdance strip club early
Thursday while the 8-month-old girl was in his locked car outside with the
engine running. A deputy patrolling the lot had spotted the running vehicle and
saw the baby.

A surveillance video showed Abdo had been inside for about an hour. Abdo was
arrested and charged with child neglect and child cruelty. He was later released
on $20,000 bail.

No injuries were reported.

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2009 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             428 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                            October 25, 2016 Tuesday

Mayo Foundation for Medical Education and Research (Minnesota) applies for US
Patent titled as "METHODS AND MATERIALS FOR REDUCING VENOUS NEOINTIMAL
HYPERPLASIA OF AN ARTERIOVENOUS FISTULA OR GRAFT"

LENGTH: 163 words

DATELINE: New York


ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an
application no. 20160303170 for US Patent, published on October 20, 2016, by
Mayo Foundation for Medical Education and Research (Minnesota), titled as
"METHODS AND MATERIALS FOR REDUCING VENOUS NEOINTIMAL HYPERPLASIA OF AN
ARTERIOVENOUS FISTULA OR GRAFT"  for the registration of patent.



Inventors: Misra; Sanjay; (Rochester, MN) ; Dietz; Allan B.; (Chatfield, MN)

Applicant: Mayo Foundation for Medical Education and Research   Rochester   MN
US (Minnesota)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "This
document provides methods and materials involved in reducing venous neointimal
hyperplasia (VNH) of an arteriovenous fistula (AVF) or graft. For example,
methods and materials for using stem cells (e.g., mesenchymal stem cells),
extracellular matrix material, or a combination of stem cells and extracellular
matrix material to reduce VNH of AVFs or grafts are provided."


LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             429 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Medical Device Daily

                            June 13, 2007 Wednesday

Product Briefs

LENGTH: 763 words


Product Briefs   o Allergan   (Irvine, California) reported the commercial
launch of the Lap-Band AP system. The Lap-Band AP system is an evolution of the
Lap-Band adjustable gastric banding system, currently the only FDA-approved
adjustable gastric band for use in weight reduction for severely obese adults. A
key feature of the Lap-Band AP system is Allergan's 360-degree Omniform
technology, which is designed to allow for an even distribution of pressure
throughout the band's adjustment range. The 360-degree Omniform inflation area
of the Lap-Band AP distributes pressure evenly for complete coverage of the
stomach anatomy. The Lap-Band is available in two sizes to meet the needs of a
wider range of patients:  the APS is the standard size and is indicated for most
patients, and the APL is available for cases where a larger band is needed.
Allergan makes products in the ophthalmology, neurosciences, medical
dermatology, medical aesthetics, and obesity intervention markets.

o Kinetic Concepts (San Antonio, Texas) said that the FDA has cleared new claims
across all care settings for two of KCI's next-generation V.A.C. therapy
systems: the InfoV.A.C. therapy system and the ActiV.A.C. therapy system. The
FDA clearances include new claims that were granted after review of extensive
clinical evidence provided by KCI and further differentiate V.A.C. therapy in
the marketplace as the only negative pressure wound therapy systems specifically
cleared by the FDA for all care settings, including home use. Digital images can
be reviewed on-screen or transferred electronically to help document patient
progress, allowing for the convenient sharing of wound information among
caregivers and payers who require evidence of wound healing. The ActiV.A.C. will
be used predominantly in the homecare setting and documents the patient's
therapy history and treatment times. Reports are electronically stored in the
system and can be reviewed on-screen or downloaded to a computer. Kinetic
Concepts makes wound care products.

o Positive 12-month study results for the VALOR clinical study evaluating the
Talent thoracic stent graft system, were presented during the annual meeting of
the Society for Vascular Surgery in Baltimore. Sponsored by Medtronic
(Minneapolis), VALOR is a test group patients with thoracic aortic aneurysms who
were considered candidates for open surgical repair. The primary endpoint is
"all cause" mortality at 12 months, comparing minimally invasive endovascular
stent graft treatment to a historical surgical control group. The Talent system
demonstrated 100% patency, which is a measure of the graft's ability to resist
collapse and remain open for proper blood flow, and there was a 99.5% success
rate in deploying the stent graft. Also, the stent graft system used in the
study was available in diameters ranging from 22 mm to 46 mm. Without this wide
range of sizes, approximately 25% of the test arm patients in the VALOR trial
would not have had the minimally-invasive stent graft therapy available to them
as a treatment alternative.

o Sysmex America (Mundelein, Illinois) reported that the Sysmex UF-1000i
automated urinalysis analyzer has been cleared by the FDA for sale in the U.S.
The UF-1000i is a particle analyzer for the clinical laboratory, classifying
urine formed elements with minimal operator intervention. The UF-1000i provides
high precision counts for white blood cells and red blood cells, improved
sensitivity for pathological casts, and enhanced analysis information for the
screening of patients with kidney disease. Sysmex America makes clinical
laboratory systemization and solutions, including clinical diagnostics,
automation and information systems.

o Verathon (Bothell, Washington) reported the introduction of the GlideScope
Cobalt, a single-use video laryngoscope that provides a real-time view of the
patient's airway, enabling quick intubation.  GlideScope video laryngoscopes
(GVL) provide a real time view of the airway and of endotracheal tube placement,
minimizing the need for a "blind" intubation procedure.  It consists of: a slim
video baton which houses a high-resolution camera with a patented anti-fogging
mechanism to resist lens contamination; a non-glare color monitor; and
single-use, sterile GVL stats in large and small sizes that offer a patented
60-degree blade angulation. GlideRite tracheal tubes and a 90 degree rigid
stylet, both used to facilitate intubation, are provided, along with a
protective cradle for the video baton.  Verathon makes non-invasive ultrasound
devices.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                          Copyright 2007 AHC Media LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             430 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          February 25, 2015 Wednesday

US Patent granted to Rutgers, The State University of New Jersey (New Jersey) on
February 24, titled as "Graft polymers for enhanced intracellular delivery of
antisense molecules"

LENGTH: 217  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 8,962,757, on
February 24, 2015, to Rutgers, The State University of New Jersey (New Jersey),
titled as "Graft polymers for enhanced intracellular delivery of antisense
molecules"

Inventors:  Devore; David I. (San Antonio, TX), Roth; Charles (Princeton, NJ)
Assignee:  Rutgers, The State University of New Jersey (New Brunswick, NJ)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office:
"Innovative graft polymers designed for the efficient delivery of antisense
molecules into biological cells and for maintaining the biological activity of
these molecules while in serum and other aqueous environments are provided. Such
polymers may comprise an anionic graft polymer comprising an anionic polymer
backbone with pendant carboxylic acid groups and pendant chains comprising
amphipathic or hydrophilic polymers covalently bonded to a portion of said
pendant carboxylic acid groups. Antisense molecule delivery vectors comprising
such polymers in combination with cationic agents for delivery of antisense
molecules are also disclosed."

The patent was filed on November 26, 2008 Application no. 12/744,824

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             431 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                           October 27, 2016 Thursday

FreeseTEC Corporation (Pennsylvania) applies for US Patent titled as "SPINAL
FUSION CONTAINMENT SYSTEM"

LENGTH: 219 words

DATELINE: New York


ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an
application no. 20160302929 for US Patent, published on October 20, 2016, by
FreeseTEC Corporation (Pennsylvania), titled as "SPINAL FUSION CONTAINMENT
SYSTEM"  for the registration of patent.



Inventors: Freese; Andrew; (Chester Springs, PA)

Applicant: FreeseTEC Corporation   Exton   PA   US (Pennsylvania)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "Bone
graft retention devices, systems, and methods for retaining bone graft material
at a desired site are described. The devices may attach to existing bone fusion
systems or components thereof, such as rods or cross connectors, or may be
integrated directly into a cross connector. The devices include a fin, and
optionally one or more attachment elements. The bone graft material is attached
to the fin, such as via an adhesive or by friction fit inside a cavity.
Optionally, during insertion in a patient, the fin is flipped upwards so that it
does not hinder the insertion. Following insertion of the rod or cross-connector
in the desired location and tightening of the screws into their final positions,
the fin of the bone graft retention device is flipped into place such that it
aligns with the spine, pressing the bone graft material against the spine."


LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             432 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 6, 2014 Thursday

US Patent granted to Medtronic Vascular, Inc (California) on March 04 titled as
"Endoluminal prosthesis"

LENGTH: 227  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 8,663,307, on
March 04, 2014, to Medtronic Vascular, Inc (California), titled as "Endoluminal
prosthesis"

Inventors:  Arbefeuille; Samuel (Hollywood, FL)

Assignee:  Medtronic Vascular, Inc. (Santa Rosa, CA)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "An
endoluminal prosthesis is provided that includes a tubular graft and an
expandable annular support structure for use in a body lumen through which body
fluids flow. The annular support structure is coupled to the tubular graft where
it is to be sealingly engaged with the inner wall of a body lumen so that the
graft and support structure, in combination, provide an improved seal. An
embodiment according to the invention provides an annular structure with
longitudinally staggered apices providing multiple levels of contact with the
inner body lumen wall to provide a seal at multiple levels along the length of
the prosthesis. One embodiment relates to tubular grafts for endoluminal
placement within blood vessels for the treatment of abdominal and other
aneurysms."

The patent was filed on September 2, 2005 Application no.  11/219,321

For more information please visit: http://www.uspto.gov/. In case of any query
regarding this article or other content needs please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             433 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Medical Device Daily

                           September 2, 2008 Tuesday

Study finds Talent safe as an alternative to open surgery

LENGTH: 685 words


Study finds Talent safe as an alternative to open surgery

By AMANDA PEDERSEN       Medical Device Daily Staff Writer

Medtronic's (Minneapolis) Talent thoracic stent graft is safe and effective
compared to open surgery, according to research published by the Society for
Vascular Surgery (SVS; Chicago) in this month's Journal of Vascular Surgery. The
FDA approved the device in June (Medical Device Daily, June 6, 2008) for certain
aneurysms of the descending thoracic aorta, but it has been available outside
the U.S. since the late 1990s.

"The Talent thoracic device, first of all, carries a legacy of experience. It is
the most implanted thoracic device in the world; it has been available outside
the U.S. since 1997," Simona Zannetti, MD, senior director of clinical affairs
for Medtronic Endovascular Innovations, told Medical Device Daily.

The Talent system is designed to provide a minimally-invasive treatment
alternative to open surgery for patients with life-threatening aneurysms in the
upper portion of the aorta, the body's largest artery. Thoracic aneurysms affect
about 30,000 people a year in the U.S., causing thousands of deaths (MDD, March
6, 2007).

The procedure involves threading the stent graft through a small opening in the
femoral artery of the leg. The graft is advanced under fluoroscopic guidance to
the site of the thoracic aortic aneurysm, where it is then positioned and
deployed from the delivery system. Once deployed, the stent graft expands to fit
snugly within the diameter of the aorta, providing a new path for the blood
flow.

Ronald Fairman, MD, professor of surgery, chief of the division of vascular
surgery at the Hospital of the University of Pennsylvania (Philadelphia) and
national principal investigator, reported the results of a prospective,
non-randomized, multi-center, pivotal trial conducted at 38 sites. The VALOR
trial enrolled 195 patients and 189 patients were identified as retrospective
open surgical subjects. Endovascular enrollment occurred between December 2003
and June 2005 and endovascular results were compared with retrospective open
surgical data from three centers of excellence.

Zannetti, a vascular surgeon, told MDD that there was a statistically
significant difference between the 2% 30-day mortality rate in the device group
and the 8% 30-day mortality rate in the control group. At 12 months, the
aneurysm-related mortality was about 3% in the device group, she said.

Growth prevention of the aneurysm demonstrated the effectiveness of the device,
she said, with the rate of stable or decreasing aneurysm diameter at almost 92%.
Also, 194 patients (99.5%) had a successful vessel access and deployment of the
Talent graft at the intended site, according to the study results.

Medtronic noted that the submission of these pivotal trial results led to FDA
approval of the Talent thoracic stent graft system for the treatment of thoracic
aortic aneurysms.

Zannetti said the wide diameter range - from 22 mm to 46 mm -- of Medtronic's
Talent thoracic stent graft makes the device unique compared to competing
devices because it makes thoracic endovascular aortic repair accessible to an
additional 25% of patients.

The FDA recently added stent grafts for aneurysms of the thoracic aorta to the
list of high-risk devices it expects manufacturers to track for the lifetime of
the device. This class of devices joins stent grafts for abdominal aortic
aneurysms, prostheses for temporomandibular joint disorder and a host of devices
intended for cardiovascular disease on the list that the agency wants makers to
keep track of for as long as the device is in the patient (MDD, Aug. 22, 2008).
A Medtronic spokesperson told MDD last week, however, that the company's
tracking policy already covers this class of devices so the new guidance would
not impact its procedures.

Medtronic is already working on bringing its next-generation thoracic device,
the Valiant thoracic stent graft, to the U.S. and is enrolling patients in the
VALOR II study for that device. The Valiant has been available outside the U.S.
since August 2005, according to the company.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                          Copyright 2008 AHC Media LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             434 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Blade (Toledo, Ohio)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 16, 2012 Sunday

Fault found earlier with UTMC transplant program

BYLINE: Ignazio Messina, The Blade, Toledo, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1770 words


Sept. 16--The University of Toledo Medical Center's live kidney donor program --
voluntarily suspended last month after a botched surgery -- has been cited for
violating state standards over the last decade, including having a lower-than
average survival rate for kidney transplant patients.

Additionally, two people involved in the Aug. 10 transplant attempt at the
hospital in which a kidney was thrown away faced disciplinary action in the
past, The Blade has learned.

The Ohio Department of Health -- which is part of the investigation into how a
usable kidney was discarded last month before it could transplanted into the
donor's sister -- has conducted several reviews at the hospital in the last
decade, records show. Some of the reviews discovered serious problems with the
kidney program.

In 2010, an inspection ultimately resulted in a transplant surgeon being barred
from doing the procedure and later leaving the hospital, formerly the Medical
College of Ohio Hospital.

In October, 2010, the state health department did a survey of the hospital's
kidney transplant program based on findings by the Scientific Registry of
Transplant Recipients, which "revealed that the actual one-year graft
[transplant] survival rate was significantly lower than expected for patients
transplanted between Jan. 1, 2007, and June 30, 2009."

The state's report found "the expected number of graft failures was 13; the
actual number of graft failures was 22."

"What they were looking at specifically was the percentage of late failure of
kidney transplant grafts that was somewhat higher than what was expected based
upon the risk of the patients," said Dr. Jeffrey Gold, chancellor and vice
president for biosciences and health affairs at UTMC.

Dr. Gold and state health officials speak in terms of "graft failure" rates, but
each failure resulted in the death of a UTMC kidney transplant patient.

"At that time, based upon that review, things changed," Dr. Gold said. "One
physician with a higher-than-expected failure rate was stopped from performing
transplants and subsequently left the institution."

Dr. Gold said risk factors such as hypertension and heart disease for some
patients were "not properly coded" on documents. He said a number of the
"premature graft failures" had to do with operating on higher-risk patients
whose conditions were not coded properly.

"As you might imagine, patients who have had congestive heart failure or who
have had a heart attack, or have severe coronary artery disease, are higher risk
than patients who don't," he said.

The hospital also failed state standards during a four-day recertification
transplant survey of the adult-kidney-only transplant program in August, 2011.

Dr. Gold said "minor issues were found" in that one surgeon did not sign his
name one time on one document.

But the record suggests further trouble.

"After an organ arrives at a transplant center, prior to transplantation, the
transplanting surgeon and another licensed health care professional must verify
that the donor's blood type and other vital data are compatible with
transplantation of the intended recipient," the report stated.

The state health department said the hospital staff failed to do that.

"This standard is not met ... based on staff interview, clinical record review,
and policy review, the facility failed to ensure blood type verification by the
transplanting surgeon and another licensed health-care professional took place
for one of 10 sampled kidney transplant recipients."

UTMC spokesman Tobin Klinger said the blood type was in fact checked in that
case, but the hospital was cited because of the missing signature on that
record.

The state's record also said two kidney patients were not visited by social
workers after receiving kidney, which is required.

Many of the hospital's inspections found no problems.

In October, 2005, the medical center underwent a full joint commission, four-day
long, three-team-member, hospital and clinic survey. The review resulted in
exemplary findings and full-service accreditation of all programs.

In 2007, a complaint was received by the Ohio Department of Health, representing
the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services. It resulted in no findings or
deficiencies.

"It should be noted that half of these and in an ongoing fashion for most
hospitals, certainly every hospital I have ever been associated with, any
patient, any community member, any staff member is able to lodge a concern, and
the university medical center then simply responds," Dr. Gold said. "If the
concerns come through CMS they take the format of [these] documents ... a good
number of these become unfounded complaints. We respond to and take each one
extremely seriously."

In 2008, a random survey of the cognitive rehabilitation center found no
problems.

In November, 2008, the university medical center underwent an unannounced,
four-day-long survey of its hospital and clinics, which resulted in exemplary
findings and full service accreditation.

In June, 2009, the Ohio Department of Health conducted a scheduled survey of the
catheterization lab and cardiology and open-heart- surgery programs.

"The result found two minor opportunities for improvement," Dr. Gold said.

According to the report, the inspection "revealed a large area of rust on the
base of [a] procedure table ... used for patients undergoing heart
catheterizations."

Dr. Gold said the table was immediately painted, and the discovery prompted a
review of all equipment and a preventive-maintenance program.

"Also, there was a finding that a formal morbidity and mortality review
conference for the open heart surgery program did not meet regularly, as was
required by their standards to meet monthly," he said.

The committee has since met monthly regardless of if there is a case to discuss,
Dr. Gold said.

In June, 2009, an unannounced survey by the department of health of the adult
kidney transplant program found no problems.

Dr. Michael Rees, the UTMC kidney transplant surgeon at the center of the
investigation into how a viable kidney was ruined before it could be implanted
into the donor's sister, has been a UTMC employee throughout that last decade of
hospital inspections by the state.

His personnel file shows he "instigated a physical altercation with a
[university] police officer after getting pulled over for two traffic
violations" in June, 2004.

An agreement with the university that helped avoid arrest or dismissal required
Dr. Rees to write an apology to the officer, donate $1,000 to the MCO
Foundation, and submit to an evaluation -- the details of which were redacted
from the public record.

Dr. Gold said the incident did not affect patient care or safety.

"People have all kinds of events that occur in their lives," he said. "It is
only when there are events that affect ability to care for patients. ... if
something had affected his licensure, we would have taken immediate action."

According to the 2004 police report, Dr. Rees rolled through a campus stop sign
and "charged" out of his vehicle toward a police officer after he was pulled
over. He at first refused to get back into his vehicle, yelled at the officer,
and then sat down in the vehicle and tried to slam the door shut with the
officer in the way. He got back out of the vehicle, threw his wallet onto the
ground, and shoved the officer into the next lane of the roadway. He was
handcuffed but was released without being charged with assault on a police
officer.

Dr. Rees, 49, who is paid $155,450 a year, lost his director title late last
month after the kidney surgery went awry. He was surgical director of renal
transplantation and assistant director of the transplantation immunology
laboratories services but was replaced by Dr. Steve Selman, chairman of the
department of urology.

Dr. Rees, who has not returned telephone calls seeking comment, was accused in a
lawsuit of having a confrontation with a surgical technician during a kidney
surgery in June, 2009. Kelly Haas, the surgical technician who filed the
lawsuit, alleged that Dr. Rees kicked her during a surgery at UTMC. The suit was
to determine if Dr. Rees would be immune from any action. No further court case
was filed in the Court of Claims of Ohio.

The record stated, "Dr. Rees testified that he was focused on the operation and
did not realize that plaintiff had left the table until two successive
instruments were improperly handed to him, causing him to look up and see that
[Ms.] Lemay had relieved [Ms. Haas]. According to Dr. Rees, he believed that
[Ms. Haas] was more experienced and better suited for this procedure, so he
decided to either discourage plaintiff from taking a break or ask her to keep
her break short."

Dr. Lloyd Jacobs, UTMC president, said he recalled the case but that it did not
affect Dr. Rees' standing at UTMC in any way.

Regarding the voluntary suspension of the live kidney donor program, Dr. Jacobs
said he had no doubt it would be restarted after reviews by the Ohio Department
of Health, the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, and the United
Network for Organ Sharing, an agency that oversees the nation's transplant
programs.

Three people were suspended with pay for their involvement in the Aug. 10 kidney
surgery.

Edwin Hall, administrator of surgical services, was notified Aug. 27 that he
would be on "paid administrative leave" but was reinstated to his job Friday
with no change in title or his $164,999 annual salary.

Two nurses involved in the surgery, Melanie Lemay, a full-time employee, and
Judith Moore, a part-time employee, were suspended with pay pending the results
of a multiagency investigation.

Ms. Moore resigned on Sept. 10.

Ms. Lemay's personnel file with the university shows several disciplinary
actions over the past decade. She received a written or oral warning Feb. 17,
2010, after she was "inappropriate to all staff and borderline harassing to some
staff" seven times between Jan. 22, 2010, and Feb. 4, 2010.

"Statements were that you were ranting, hysterical, yelling, extremely upset,
crying/crying heavily/crying uncontrollably, irate, talking very loudly and
agitated," university records said.

She last was on paid administrative leave in September, 2006, for an unspecified
action.

On Jan. 17, 2002, she signed an agreement to avoid a three-day suspension for
making repeated demeaning and slanderous statements about management, as well as
placing a harassing telephone call to a lead nurse.

Contact Ignazio Messina at:

imessina@theblade.com

or 419-724-6171.

___ (c)2012 The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) Visit The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) at
www.toledoblade.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20120916-TO-HLT-Fault-found-earlier-with-UTMC-transplant-program-0916-20120916

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TO


                            Copyright 2012 The Blade


                             435 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Orange County Register (California)

                           December 1, 2005 Thursday

City hires deputy city administrator

BYLINE: THE HUNTINGTON BEACH WAVE

SECTION: HUNTINGTON

LENGTH: 272 words


When City Administrator Penelope Culbreth-Graft needed a new deputy city
administrator, she knew right where to look.

Last week, Culbreth-Graft announced that Robert (Bob) Hall, the general services
director for the city of Riverside, has been hired for the post. Culbreth-Graft
came to Huntington Beach from Riverside and is familiar with Hall's background.

Hall has been with the city of Riverside since March, 2000. During that time he
has served as the general services director and was interim human resources
director.

He has managed Riverside's municipal building and facilities, developed and
administered the building and facilities Capital Improvement Plan, managed the
fleet operations and served as the real property manager.

He also worked for Riverside Community College from 1988 to 2000.

As the deputy city administrator, Hall will focus on the internal operations of
the city. He will coordinate several departments, including Information
Services, Library Services, Community Services and Human Resources.

Along with Culbreth-Graft and Deputy City Administrator Paul Emery, Hall will be
responsible for the overall management of the city's 1,100 employees and $319
million budget.

Hall has his master's degree in public administration and bachelor's degree from
California State University in San Bernardino. He is a past president for the
American Society of Public Administrators, Inland Empire Chapter, and the vice
president for the Riverside Sunrise Rotary Club.

Bob Hall is scheduled to start his position with the City of Huntington Beach on
December 5, 2005. He is married and father of two children, ages 14 and 7.

LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Robert Hall

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Story

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2005 Orange County Register


                             436 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Medical Device Daily

                           September 7, 2000 Thursday

Product Updates

LENGTH: 989 words

Product Updates

·CardioTech International (Woburn, Massachusetts) is using PolyBioMed's (United
Kingdom) heparin bonding process as an advanced long-lasting heparin treatment
in small-bore vascular grafts (see story, page 1) and other cardiovascular
devices. The process is a water-based system for permanently attaching drugs to
the surface of medical devices. CardioTech says it has completed clinical trials
with the ChronoFlex vascular access grafts implanted for over 12 months. PBM
Bonding is applied to the vascular graft surface in three stages: the first,
functionalization of the ChronoFlex polyurethane; the second, grafting of
hydrophilic spacer arms; the third, attachment of the heparin anticoagulant to
the spacer arms. CardioTech has received a worldwide exclusive agreement from
PolyBioMed for the use of PBM Bonding on vascular access and peripheral vascular
grafts.

·Careside (Culver City, California) received FDA market clearance for its
Hemoglobin and Hematocrit blood tests on the Careside Analyzer. According to the
company, the tests are the most commonly performed hematology tests due to the
importance of hemoglobin and hematocrit in the assessment of general health. The
hemoglobin test gives a quantitative measure of the hemoglobin concentration in
an anti-coagulated whole blood sample. The hematocrit result is calculated from
the hemoglobin result, providing a cost-effective and efficient means of
measuring blood chemistry, electrochemistry and coagulation function at the
patient's point of care, according to the company. The instrument enables health
care practitioners to obtain blood test results and report them within 15
minutes of drawing a blood sample. Careside markets a blood testing system
including its Careside Analyzer, a companion hematology system called the H-2000
Hematology Analyzer, and its Careside Connect record management system linking
the two devices.

·Cyber-Care (Boynton Beach, Florida) has received FDA 510(k) clearance for its
Electronic HouseCall system, an Internet-based technology that remotely monitors
individuals in their homes. This model has a portable form factor,
self-contained wiring, and the same functionality as the EHC400 patient unit,
and interfaces within the EHC network and the EHC600 provider unit. The EHC500
will be available in mid 2001. Cyber-Care is a technology-assisted health
management company.

· The FDA has approved the Carpentier-Edwards mitral Perimount Pericardial
Bioprosthesis, a bovine pericardial tissue heart valve designed specifically for
the mitral position, from Edwards Lifesciences (Irvine, California). Edwards
introduced the device for U.S. aortic patients in 1991 and now adds the mitral
counterpart, which the company says provides a next-generation treatment option
for treating advanced mitral heart valve disease. Edwards' Perimount valve was
developed by Alain Carpentier, MD, chairman of the Department of Cardiovascular
Surgery at the Hopital Europeen Georges Pompidou (Paris), working with Edwards
Lifesciences bioengineers. The development involved Edwards' proprietary tissue
preservation process, a wire frame stent designed using computer-aided 3-D
modeling techniques, patented technology for tissue selection, and integrated
manufacturing processes that make the valve able to withstand the increased
pressures of the mitral position. The company says that this is the only mitral
pericardial valve commercially available in the U.S.

·Guidant (Indianapolis, Indiana) has implanted the first patient in a clinical
trial to determine the safety and efficacy of renal artery stenting in
hypertensive patients. Titled HERMES (HERculink Multicenter Evaluation of Renal
Stenting), the study is a prospective, non-randomized trial that will enroll
about 250 patients who have experienced poor results from angioplasty to treat
blockages in renal arteries. This clinical study will be conducted at 25 sites
throughout the U.S. Guidant's RX Herculink 14 Peripheral Stent System is the
exclusive device used in this study. The system has CE mark approval and is
currently approved in the U.S. and Canada for the treatment of malignant biliary
duct obstructions.

·Henley Healthcare (Sugar Land, Texas) has received FDA market clearance for the
Sonopuls 190 Ultrasound System, the newest product to incorporate technology
developed by Henley's wholly owned subsidiary, Enraf-Nonius B.V. (Delft, the
Netherlands). The Sonopuls 190 will be marketed to clinicians for use in
treating acute and chronic pain. Features include continuous and pulsed
ultrasound at 1 MHz, large crystal clear parameter displays, ergonomically
shaped treatment head with permanent calibration and changeable contact control.
Henley Healthcare makes products and related accessories used to control acute
and chronic pain.

·Mogul Enterprises (San Jose, California), a privately held company, has
received FDA clearance for its 3-Fr Steerable Decapolar Electrophysiology
Diagnostic Catheter. The clearance includes a fixed curve version of this
catheter. Mogul Enterprises is a start-up medical company that makes devices and
instrumentation related to cardiovascular applications and both minimally
invasive and general surgery.

· The Lighting Products Division of Welch Allyn (Skaneateles Falls, New York)
has introduced a 50 watt metal halide fiber optic illuminator for medical and
industrial endoscopy and microscope illumination. This addition to the Solarc
light source family offers up to five times the optical efficiency of standard
halogen light sources and three times the efficiency of xenon sources, the
company said. It is a portable unit that can be mounted on, or in, test and
inspection equipment, and it can project up to 1500 lumens of white light,
featuring bulb lifetime of 2500 hours. Welch Allyn's Lighting Products Division
makes lighting systems for medical, industrial and commercial lighting products.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                          Copyright 2000 AHC Media LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             437 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 20, 2013 Thursday

USPTO Published Patent application of ARTHREX, INC. titled as "KNOTLESS GRAFT
FIXATION USING AN IMPLANT HAVING A POINTED TIP"

LENGTH: 286  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an application no.
20130150885, on June 13, 2013, by ARTHREX, INC., titled as "KNOTLESS GRAFT
FIXATION USING AN IMPLANT HAVING A POINTED TIP" for the registration of patent.

Inventors:  Dreyfuss; Peter J.; (Naples, FL)
Assignee:  ARTHREX, INC.
Naples
FL

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
method for securing soft tissue to bone which does not require the surgeon to
tie suture knots to secure the tissue to the bone. Suture is passed through the
graft at desired points. A cannulated plug or screw is pre-loaded onto the
distal end of a driver provided with an eyelet implant at its distal end. Suture
attached to the graft is passed through the eyelet of the implant located at the
distal end of the driver. The distal end of the driver together with the eyelet
implant is inserted into the bone. Tension is applied to the suture to position
the graft at the desired location relative to the bone. The screw or plug is
advanced into the pilot hole by turning the interference screw or tapping the
plug until the cannulated screw or plug securely engages and locks in the eyelet
implant, so that the cannulated plug or screw with the engaged eyelet implant is
flush with the bone. Once the screw or plug is fully inserted and the suture is
impacted into the bone, the driver is removed and any loose ends of the sutures
protruding from the anchor site are then clipped short."

The Patent was filed on February 12, 2013 under application No. 20130150885

For more information please visit: http://www.uspto.gov/. In case of any query
regarding this article or other content needs please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             438 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         Cape Gazette (Lewes, Delaware)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                August 27, 2013

Lewes doctor uses Heli-FX for safer surgery;
Beebes Mayer Katz is first in state to use aortic aneurysm repair tool

BYLINE: Cape Gazette staff

LENGTH: 502  words


A new tool is.allowing surgeons in the Cape Region to perform a less-invasive
surgery on aortic aneurysms.

Dr. Mayer Katz of Beebe Medical Center's Delaware Bay Surgical Service has seen
the progress of aortic aneurysm repair firsthand.

He said the latest piece of technology is making the procedure safer and less
invasive than ever.

An aortic aneurysm is like a balloon in the wall of the aorta, the main vessel
that carries blood from the heart to the rest of the body. If the balloon
bursts, or ruptures, it can be fatal.

Katz said the goal is to find the aneurysm before it ruptures. Seventy to 90
percent of ruptured aneurysms are fatal, and only half of those who reach the
hospital survive, he said. Albert Einstein died from a ruptured aneurysm, Katz
said.

To keep the aneurysm from rupturing, surgeons insert a graft into the aorta.
Aneurysms can occur a numerous points in the aorta, most of which can be treated
using endovascular surgery, a procedure that does not require surgeons to cut
open the patient's abdomen.

Katz said he remembers when the endovascular procedure was first introduced in
1990. "I was there at the Society for Vascular Surgery meeting," he said. "I
remember thinking, 'This is crazy.'"

"We did the first one here in 2000," Katz said, after the federal Food and Drug
Administration approved a device to perform the surgery.

But some aneurysms that occurred higher on the aorta, between the kidneys, still
required open surgery because it was more difficult to keep the graft in place.

Katz said that is no longer the case.

The Heli-FX is a new tool developed by Aptus Endosystems Inc. of Sunnyvale,
Calif., that surgeons can use to secure the graft. It looks like a corkscrew
that attaches the graft to the aorta, and it prevents the graft from sliding out
of place or leaking.

"We can treat anatomy that we couldn't treat otherwise," Katz said. "We would
have had to do an operation."

Katz has performed three of the first four procedures in Delaware using the
Heli-FX. Dr. Jon Kittredge, who also. works in Katz's Lewes office, performed
the fourth one, and all have yielded good results, he said.

"I see it as just one more tool that we have to avoid an open operation," Katz
said. A less-invasive operation means the procedure is safer for the patient,
and recovery time is lower, Katz said.

Men are more likely to suffer from aneurysms than women, and the risk of
aneurysm is higher for anyone older than 65. In Sussex County, 40 percent of the
population is older than 60, Katz said. He said he operates on up to 40
aneurysms a year.

A family history of aneurysms and a history of smoking increase the risk.

Katz said while quitting smoking can correct a number of health risks, "it
doesn't really change your risk for aneurysm," he said. Katz said he recommends
all men over 60, and men and women over 50 with a family history of aneurysm
should undergo an ultrasound to screen for the condition.

"I SEE IT AS JUST ONE MORE TOOL THAT WE HAVE TO AVOID AN OPEN OPERATION."

- DR. MAYER KATZ

LOAD-DATE: July 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Health

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CPG

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                          Copyright 2013 Cape Gazette


                             439 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         Cape Gazette (Lewes, Delaware)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                August 27, 2013

Lewes doctor uses Heli-FX for safer surgery;
Beebes Mayer Katz is first in state to use aortic aneurysm repair tool

BYLINE: Cape Gazette staff

LENGTH: 501  words


A new tool is allowing surgeons in the Cape Region to perform a less-invasive
surgery on aortic aneurysms.

Dr. Mayer Katz of Beebe Medical Center's Delaware Bay Surgical Service has seen
the progress of aortic aneurysm repair firsthand.

He said the latest piece of technology is making the procedure safer and less
invasive than ever.

An aortic aneurysm is like a balloon in the wall of the aorta, the main vessel
that carries blood from the heart to the rest of the body. If the balloon
bursts, or ruptures, it can be fatal.

Katz said the goal is to find the aneurysm before it ruptures. Seventy to 90
percent of ruptured aneurysms are fatal, and only half of those who reach the
hospital survive, he said. Albert Einstein died from a ruptured aneurysm, Katz
said.

To keep the aneurysm from rupturing, surgeons insert a graft into the aorta.
Aneurysms can occur a numerous points in the aorta, most of which can be treated
using endovascular surgery, a procedure that does not require surgeons to cut
open the patient's abdomen.

Katz said he remembers when the endovascular procedure was first introduced in
1990. "I was there at the Society for Vascular Surgery meeting," he said. "I
remember thinking, 'This is crazy.'"

"We did the first one here in 2000," Katz said, after the federal Food and Drug
Administration approved a device to perform the surgery.

But some aneurysms that occurred higher on the aorta, between the kidneys, still
required open surgery because it was more difficult to keep the graft in place.

Katz said that is no longer the case.

The Heli-FX is a new tool developed by Aptus Endosystems Inc. of Sunnyvale,
Calif., that surgeons can use to secure the graft. It looks like a corkscrew
that attaches the graft to the aorta, and it prevents the graft from sliding out
of place or leaking.

"We can treat anatomy that we couldn't treat otherwise," Katz said. "We would
have had to do an operation."

Katz has performed three of the first four procedures in Delaware using the
Heli-FX. Dr. Jon Kittredge, who also works in Katz's Lewes office, performed the
fourth one, and all have yielded good results, he said.

"I see it as just one more tool that we have to avoid an open operation," Katz
said. A less-invasive operation means the procedure is safer for the patient,
and recovery time is lower, Katz said.

Men are more likely to suffer from aneurysms than women, and the risk of
aneurysm is higher for anyone older than 65. In Sussex County, 40 percent of the
population is older than 60, Katz said. He said he operates on up to 40
aneurysms a year.

A family history of aneurysms and a history of smoking increase the risk.

Katz said while quitting smoking can correct a number of health risks, "it
doesn't really change your risk for aneurysm," he said. Katz said he recommends
all men over 60, and men and women over 50 with a family history of aneurysm
should undergo an ultrasound to screen for the condition.

"I SEE IT AS JUST ONE MORE TOOL THAT WE HAVE TO AVOID AN OPEN OPERATION."

DR. MAYER KATZ

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Health

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CPG

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                          Copyright 2013 Cape Gazette


                             440 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 12, 2015 Monday

USPTO Published Patent application of The University of Toledo titled as "Hybrid
Multifunctional Posterior Interspinous Fusion Device"

LENGTH: 253  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an application no.
20150012040, published on January 08, 2015, by The University of Toledo, titled
as "Hybrid Multifunctional Posterior Interspinous Fusion Device" for the
registration of patent.

Inventors:  Agarwal; Anand K.; (Ottawa Hills, OH) ; Goel; Vijay K.; (Holland,
OH) ; Agarwal; Aakash; (Ottawa Hills, OH)
Assignee:  The University of Toledo
Toledo
OH

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "This
invention relates to an improved structure for an interspinous stabilization
device that more evenly distributes loads throughout the adjacent vertebrae than
known interspinous stabilization devices, and further readily compensates for
graft settling so as to maintain continued axial loading of the graft. More
specifically, this invention relates to a medical device that helps in
performing a spinal fusion procedure by holding the bone graft in place and
stabilizing the facet screw by a plate that is attached to it. The invention
also performs a dynamic function that compensates for settling of the bone graft
over time. This dynamic function may, if desired, be enhanced by a
movement-limiting mechanism that allows extension but not flexion such that the
bone graft fusion remains in contact and fusion takes place."

The Patent was filed on February 19, 2013 under application No. 20150012040

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             441 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 12, 2015 Monday

USPTO Published Patent application of The University of Toledo titled as "Hybrid
Multifunctional Posterior Interspinous Fusion Device"

LENGTH: 253  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an application no.
20150012040, published on January 08, 2015, by The University of Toledo, titled
as "Hybrid Multifunctional Posterior Interspinous Fusion Device" for the
registration of patent.

Inventors:  Agarwal; Anand K.; (Ottawa Hills, OH) ; Goel; Vijay K.; (Holland,
OH) ; Agarwal; Aakash; (Ottawa Hills, OH)
Assignee:  The University of Toledo
Toledo
OH

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "This
invention relates to an improved structure for an interspinous stabilization
device that more evenly distributes loads throughout the adjacent vertebrae than
known interspinous stabilization devices, and further readily compensates for
graft settling so as to maintain continued axial loading of the graft. More
specifically, this invention relates to a medical device that helps in
performing a spinal fusion procedure by holding the bone graft in place and
stabilizing the facet screw by a plate that is attached to it. The invention
also performs a dynamic function that compensates for settling of the bone graft
over time. This dynamic function may, if desired, be enhanced by a
movement-limiting mechanism that allows extension but not flexion such that the
bone graft fusion remains in contact and fusion takes place."

The Patent was filed on February 19, 2013 under application No. 20150012040

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             442 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 10, 2015 Tuesday

USPTO Published Patent application of HEWLETT-PACKARD DEVELOPMENT COMPANY, L.P
titled as "INKS INCLUDING GRAFT COPOLYMER SURFACE-MODIFIED PIGMENTS VIA AZIDE
CHEMISTRY"

LENGTH: 237  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an application no.
20150036207, published on February 05, 2015, by HEWLETT-PACKARD DEVELOPMENT
COMPANY, L.P, titled as "INKS INCLUDING GRAFT COPOLYMER SURFACE-MODIFIED
PIGMENTS VIA AZIDE CHEMISTRY" for the registration of patent.

Inventors:   Zhou; Zhang-Lin; (Palo Alto, CA) ; Liu; Qin; (Corvallis, OR)

Assignee: HEWLETT-PACKARD DEVELOPMENT COMPANY, L.P.
Houston
TX
US

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office:
"Pigment based inks are provided. The inks include a non-polar carrier fluid and
a surface-functionalized pigment particle including a nitrogen-linked moiety to
the surface of the pigment particle through a nitrogen link at one end of the
nitrogen-linked moiety and a graft copolymer having two or three blocks attached
at another end, the pigment particle suspended in the non-polar carrier fluid,
the nitrogen-linked moiety further including an alkyl chain interposed between
the nitrogen-linked moiety and the graft copolymer having the structure (I),
where X is the nitrogen-linked moiety and Y is a copolymer, and the letter a is
an integer between 0 and about 5,000, while the letter b is an integer of 2 or
more. ##STR00001##"

The Patent was filed on January 17, 2012 under application No. 20150036207

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             443 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 6, 2014 Thursday

USPTO Published Patent application of University of Florida Research Foundation,
Inc titled as "Method for Treating or Preventing Graft Versus Host Disease"

LENGTH: 210  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an application no.
20140328804, published on November 06, 2014, by University of Florida Research
Foundation, Inc, titled as "Method for Treating or Preventing Graft Versus Host
Disease" for the registration of patent.

Inventors:   McFadden; Douglas G.; (Gainesville, FL) ; Bartee; Eric C.;
(Gainesville, FL) ; Cogle; Christopher R.; (Gainesville, FL)
Assignee:   University of Florida Research Foundation, Inc.
Gainesville
FL

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
method of treating or preventing graft versus host disease (GVHD) in a subject
receiving a graft comprising hematopoietic cells is provided. The method
comprises contacting the graft ex vivo with an amount of a Myxoma Virus
effective to inhibit proliferation of T lymphocytes in the graft and to treat or
prevent GVHD in the host subject following infusion of the graft into the
subject. After the contacting of the graft with the Myxoma Virus, the method
comprises transplanting the virus-treated graft into the subject."

The Patent was filed on June 11, 2012 under application No. 20140328804

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             444 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                               May 4, 2015 Monday

THE CLEVELAND CLINIC FOUNDATION (OH) applies for US Patent titled as "BRANCHED
VESSEL PROSTHESIS FOR REPAIR OF A FAILED STENT GRAFT"

LENGTH: 197  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an application no.
20150119975 for US Patent, published on April 30, 2015, by THE CLEVELAND CLINIC
FOUNDATION (OH), titled as "BRANCHED VESSEL PROSTHESIS FOR REPAIR OF A FAILED
STENT GRAFT" for the registration of patent.

Inventors:  Mastracci; Tara M.; (Cleveland, OH)

Assignee: THE CLEVELAND CLINIC FOUNDATION
Cleveland
OH
US

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "One
aspect of the present disclosure relates to a branched vessel prosthesis for
repair of a failed stent graft. The branched vessel prosthesis can include a
main stent graft body having a proximal end portion, a distal end portion, and a
frusto-conical midsection that tapers to the distal end portion. The main stent
graft body can include a tubular wall that defines a main lumen. The midsection
can include a fenestration in the tubular wall and a collapsible internal limb
that extends from the fenestration into the main lumen. The internal limb can be
configured to receive an iliac limb extension."


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             445 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 6, 2014 Thursday

US Patent granted to Medtronic Vascular, Inc (California) on March 04 titled as
"Retraction mechanism and method for graft cover retraction"

LENGTH: 247  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 8,663,305, on
March 04, 2014, to Medtronic Vascular, Inc (California), titled as "Retraction
mechanism and method for graft cover retraction"

Inventors:  Argentine; Jeffery (Petaluma, CA)

Assignee:  Medtronic Vascular, Inc. (Santa Rosa, CA)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
stent or stent-graft delivery system includes a handle having a graft cover
retractor having a screw gear and a drive and quick release assembly. The drive
and quick release assembly includes a proximal portion and a distal portion that
are separable. The proximal portion of the drive and quick release assembly
rotates in a first rotational direction about the screw gear to retract the
graft cover using the screw gear. The drive and quick release assembly
transitions from retraction using the engagement with the screw gear to
retraction by sliding by the user grasping the distal portion instead of the
proximal portion, and sliding the proximal portion only along the screw gear. In
transitioning from using the screw gear to sliding along screw gear, it
unnecessary to push any button and unnecessary for the user to remove her/his
hand from the assembly."

The patent was filed on April 20, 2010 Application no.  12/763,903

For more information please visit: http://www.uspto.gov/. In case of any query
regarding this article or other content needs please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             446 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Health Daily Digest

                              May 2, 2013 Thursday

Treatment of First Patient with Relay Thoracic Stent-Graft and Plus Delivery
System Completed by Bolton Medical

LENGTH: 407 words

DATELINE: U.S.


U.S., May 2 -- Foremost patient's treatment with the novel Relay Thoracic Stent-
Graft with Plus Delivery System in the U.S. has been effectively completed by
Bolton Medical, declared the company.

The patient's treatment was done at the Hospital of the University of
Pennsylvania in Philadelphia, and was performed by Director of Thoracic Aortic
Surgery Research Program and Assistant Professor of the Division of
Cardiovascular Surgery with Vice-Chief and Program Director of Vascular Surgery
and Endovascular Therapy.

The Relay Stent-Graft, which has been particularly created for the thoracic
aorta, is provided in a broad range of sizes to put up numerous different
anatomies with the utilization of minimally-invasive treatment for thoracic
aortic aneurysms and penetrating atherosclerotic ulcers. The novel Relay
Thoracic Stent-Graft has been coupled with the exclusive four-step Plus Delivery
System that permits for easier routing and the capability to attain accurate
placement in a variety of anatomies.

CEO of the company stated Bolton Medical is delighted that the foremost
profitable Relay Thoracic Stent-Graft along with Plus Delivery System has been
used in U.S.

A thoracic aortic aneurysm is an aortic aneurysm that presents primarily in the
thorax. It is less common than an abdominal aortic aneurysm. But, a syphilitic
aneurysm is more likely to be a thoracic aortic aneurysm than an abdominal
aortic aneurysm.

A penetrating atherosclerotic ulcer is an atherosclerotic lesion that ulcerates,
leading to a hematoma forming within the walls of the aorta. The condition is
often associated with thickening of the aortic wall, and can be differentiated
from similar conditions (atherosclerotic plaque and a thrombus) through the use
of computed tomography and magnetic resonance imaging, though the latter is
superior. Transesophageal echocardiography and intravascular ultrasonography may
also be used in differentiation.

Bolton Medical Inc. has an idea of becoming a leader in the area of endovascular
aortic treatment. To pursue its vision and propose "Bright ideas for aortic
endovascular solutions", Bolton Medical has created Relay and Relay NBS Thoracic
Stent-Grafts and Treovance Abdominal Stent-Graft.

Written By Tanu Trivedi Published by HT Syndication with permission from Health
Daily Digest. For any query with respect to this article or any other content
requirement, please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2013 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             447 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Medical Device Daily

                           January 30, 2003 Thursday

Deals roundup

LENGTH: 843 words


Deals roundup

DePuy Acromed buys Orquest, expanding orthobiologics effort

A Medical Device Daily Staff Report  DePuy (Warsaw, Indiana) said that its DePuy
AcroMed subsidiary (Raynham, Massachusetts) has acquired substantially all of
the assets of Orquest (Mountain View, California), a privately held
biotechnology company focused on developing biologically based implants for
orthopedics and spine surgery.

As a broad-based orthopedic franchise, the DePuy companies said they would
pursue marketing and development of multiple products across all musculoskeletal
fields. Terms of the transaction were not disclosed. DePuy is a Johnson &
Johnson (New Brunswick, New Jersey) company.

Orquest's principal product, Healos Bone Graft Material, was designed to reduce
the time and pain associated with standard bone graft harvesting. Healos
products have been marketed in the U.S. and Europe since 2001, and, according to
the company, represent a therapeutic advance for patients requiring bone graft
material for spine fusion or other surgery. Healos products are used in
conjunction with the patient's own bone marrow.

"This acquisition will enable us to further build our portfolio of orthobiologic
products," said Nicholas Valeriani, a Johnson & Johnson Group Chairman with
worldwide management responsibility for DePuy and its global franchises. "In
conjunction with our recent exclusive, worldwide license with Biopharm GmbH for
a broad bone morphogenic protein (BMP) technology portfolio, DePuy is positioned
for solid leadership into the future of musculoskeletal tissue repair and
regeneration," he added.

Bone grafting, cartilage regeneration, and soft tissue repair are already under
investigation by the DePuy franchise, it noted. The recent acquisition of
certain assets of Orquest complements activities ongoing at DePuy. In
particular, DePuy said that Orquest's product development efforts that focused
on further enhancing bone formation, by combining Healos with the BMP molecule
(MP52) now licensed to DePuy, will benefit from a direct integration into the
existing scientific, clinical and regulatory programs firmly established within
DePuy.

Healos/MP52 is in human clinical studies in Europe, and is slated to enter the
next stage of clinical development in the U.S. in 2003.

DePuy makes orthopedic devices and supplies.

In other dealmaking news:

·Hyseq Pharmaceuticals (Sunnyvale, California) and Variagenics (Cambridge,
Massachusetts) said they have received approval from their respective
shareholders for the merger of the two companies, which is expected to close on
Friday.

As a result of the merger, Variagenics shareholders will receive 1.6451 shares
of Hyseq stock in exchange for each Variagenics share.

The combined company will be named Nuvelo and will begin trading under its new
name and Nasdaq symbol, NUVO, on Feb. 3.

Hyseq applies the DNA array technology of its integrated HyX genomics platform
to develop gene-based therapeutic product candidates and diagnostic products and
tests. Variagenics develops molecular diagnostic tests by identifying genetic
markers associated with response to cancer therapies, with the goal of
optimizing patient care. It is developing molecular diagnostic tests through
both biopharmaceutical collaborations and its own internal research programs.

·Colorado Medtech (CM; Boulder, Colorado) yesterday provided further details
regarding the sale of its Colorado operations to HEI (Eden Prairie, Minnesota)
that was disclosed earlier this week (Medical Device Daily, Jan. 28, 2003)

The operations sold were at the company's Boulder facility, and the sale will
not affect the company's CIVCO Medical Instruments subsidiary, it said.

The sale comes after its board of directors considered a full range of strategic
alternatives for the Colorado operations, the company said in a press release.
It said it is continuing the process of seeking buyers for the entire company or
its CIVCO Medical Instruments subsidiary.

In the transaction, Colorado Medtech received 1 million shares of HEI common
stock and a subordinated debenture in the amount of $2.6 million. In addition,
HEI assumed certain obligations, including the lease for the Colorado operations
facility, warranty obligations and certain customer deposit obligations.

CM also transferred to HEI the operating assets associated with its Colorado
operations, including inventory, property and equipment, unbilled services,
prepaid and other expenses, and a total of $5.6 million of cash.

CM said the operations that were sold accounted for about $7.4 million (52%) of
the company's revenue in the quarter ended Sept. 30, 2002, and the operations
disposed had an associated loss from operations during that quarter of $2.1
million.

After the transaction, the company said it has about $4.6 million in cash and
short-term investments.

CM, through the CIVCO Medical Instruments subsidiary, is a developer and
manufacturer of medical devices and equipment for the ultrasound and minimally
invasive OEM and end-user markets.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                          Copyright 2003 AHC Media LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             448 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

                           January 17, 2015 Saturday
                                 SOONER EDITION

A BROKEN CHEST IS BETTER THAN A BROKEN HEART

BYLINE: Ced Kurtz

SECTION: EDITORIAL; SATURDAY DIARY; Pg. B-7

LENGTH: 773 words


I went to the hospital a few months ago and had a cabbage.

In medical jargon, CABG is a coronary artery bypass graft. In my case the vessel
most clogged was the left anterior descending artery, nicknamed the
"widowmaker." If the artery gets abruptly and completely occluded it will cause
a massive heart attack that will likely lead to sudden death. The partial
occlusion in my case was bypassed with a piece of mammary artery taken from my
chest. Two smaller grafts were done with pieces of vein from my leg, called
saphenous veins.

How can these vessels be excised without damage to the patient? It is not that
they are not used, they are. But there are other blood vessels which will take
over their function once they are gone. The clogged vessels are not stripped
from the heart. The graft vessels are just attached in such a way that the blood
flows through them instead of the blocked vessels.

I had three grafts done. The max is five, but that is fairly rare. When someone
discovers you have had bypass surgery, their first question always is: How many?
But the number of grafts does not necessarily indicate the seriousness of your
disease.

I was lucky I did not have a heart attack, which can damage the heart muscle,
really complicating things. In fact I did not have any chest pain (angina). My
symptoms were tiredness and shortness of breath. Do not assume that because you
have no chest pain, you do not have serious heart disease.

*

Bypass surgery is relatively new. The current procedure using the saphenous vein
was developed in 1967 at Cleveland Clinic by Dr. Rene Favaloro, an Argentine
surgeon. More than 200,000 bypasses are now done in the United States each year.

According to the International Federation of Healthcare Plans, the estimated
average cost of hospitalization and physician fees for a coronary bypass
operation in the United States was $75,345 in 2013. That sounds low to me, but I
haven't seen the bill yet.

My surgeon said to me before the operation, "When the operation is over, your
heart will be in the best shape ever, but I will have broken your chest."

He wasn't kidding.

Most of the recovery from a CABG is not from what is done to the heart, but what
is done to get to it.

More medical jargon. A median sternotomy is when a vertical incision is made
along the sternum (chestbone), after which the sternum itself is divided, or
"cracked" (sometimes referred to as "breaking you in half").

The sternum is rejoined after work on the heart is completed. The skin incision
now is closed with glue.

*

The use of a machine to take over for heart and lungs during surgery raises an
interesting question. Are you actually dead for a while? Since death is most
commonly defined as cessation of brain function, under that definition you are
not. I saw no light at the end of the tunnel, met no relatives who have passed
away, nor did I hear any angelic voices, other than those of the nurses after
surgery.

*

After four days in the hospital (this non-UPMC facility was absolutely top-notch
despite what the commercials insinuate) I was transferred to a nursing home. I
didn't like the idea, but it quickly became clear that I needed more nursing and
therapy before returning home.

Because of the medicine I was taking, or perhaps as a result of the surgery or
anesthesia, I was prone to hallucinations for a while. I often thought there was
someone standing behind me or next to me when there was no one. I sometimes
would talk to the specter, until I realized in embarrassment that I was talking
to nothing.

I would wake up and perceive that the wheelchair in which I was sitting was
hanging from the ceiling. The illusion would be so vivid sometimes I would grab
my chair seat to avoid falling to the floor. After a while I learned to wait for
my orientation to readjust.

Keeping track of time was a problem. One day I fell asleep at 4 p.m. and woke
two hours later. For some reason I thought it was 6 a.m. When they brought my
dinner, I ate it thinking it was breakfast.

*

Modern life has changed in many ways that make it impractical for extended
families to live under the same roof - especially when someone is debilitated or
gravely ill, which can go on for years. So a good nursing home can be a godsend.
It was for me.

Still, it's sad that so many patients outlive their family and friends and must
while away their final days in institutions. It is only the kindnesses of
nursing home staff that make life still enjoyable. A good and kind aide is an
angel from God.

Of course, some patients are only waiting for their mortality to expire.

I heard one woman in a wheelchair say to another, "I wish I could call in dead."

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Ced Kurtz is a Post-Gazette assistant managing editor for special
projects and writes the PG's Tech Man column (ckurtz@post-gazette.com,
412-263-1764).

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2015 P.G. Publishing Co.


                             449 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                           November 9, 2016 Wednesday

Head Line: US Patent granted to Medtronic Vascular, Inc (California) on November
8, 2016 titled as "Stent-graft delivery system having handle mechanism for
two-stage tip release"

LENGTH: 212 words

DATELINE: New York


ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no.
9,486,350 on November 8, 2016, to Medtronic Vascular, Inc (California) titled as
"Stent-graft delivery system having handle mechanism for two-stage tip release"

Inventors: Argentine; Jeffery (Petaluma, CA)


Assignee: Medtronic Vascular, Inc. (Santa Rosa, CA) (California)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
delivery system for a stent-graft is disclosed having a tip capture device and a
tip release handle mechanism configured to actuate the tip capture device. The
tip release handle mechanism includes a rotatable grip component and a tip
release actuation component. The grip component may be rotatable in a first
direction to transition a proximal stent of the stent-graft from the delivery
state to a partially deployed state and rotatable in an opposite, second
direction to transition the proximal stent from the partially deployed state to
a fully deployed state. The grip component is operably coupled to the tip
release actuation component. The delivery system further includes a shaft
component operably coupled to the tip release actuation component and the tip
capture device."

The patent was filed on March 31, 2014 Application No. 14/230,826


LOAD-DATE: November 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             450 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          December 24, 2014 Wednesday

US Patent granted to Cardica, Inc (California) on December 23 titled as
"Anastomosis system with anvil entry hole sealer"

LENGTH: 339  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 8,915,934, on
December 23, 2014, to Cardica, Inc (California), titled as "Anastomosis system
with anvil entry hole sealer"

Inventors: Nielsen; James T. (San Francisco, CA), White; Nathan H. (Palo Alto,
CA), Bender; Theodore M. (Oakland, CA), Manoux; Philipe R. (San Francisco, CA),
Bombard; David L. (San Francisco, CA), Donohoe; Brendan M. (San Francisco, CA),
Knodel; Bryan D. (Flagstaff, AZ)
Assignee: Cardica, Inc. (Redwood City, CA)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
system for connecting the end of a graft vessel to the side of a target vessel
may include an anvil configured to enter the target vessel through an anvil
entry hole in the wall of the target vessel; a holder movable relative to the
anvil, where that holder may deploy at least one connector through the graft
vessel and into the target vessel at a location spaced apart from the anvil
entry hole; and at least one sealer that may be detachably connected to the
anvil and/or said holder; where at least one sealer may be configured to
substantially close the anvil entry hole in the target vessel. A method for
performing anastomosis between a graft vessel and a target vessel may include
inserting an anvil through the wall of the target vessel into the lumen of the
target vessel from outside of the target vessel through an anvil entry hole;
connecting an end of the graft vessel to the side of the target vessel with a
plurality of connectors at a location spaced apart from the anvil entry hole;
creating an opening in the side of the target vessel, where the opening is
located within a perimeter defined by the connectors and spaced apart from the
anvil entry hole; withdrawing the anvil through the anvil entry hole; and
substantially sealing the anvil entry hole."

The patent was filed on. October 2, 2007 Application no. 11/865,893

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             451 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            September 2, 2012 Sunday
                                  City Edition

WHAT'S IT LIKE ... ? ;
Transplant can grow patient confidence

BYLINE: JACLYN COSGROVE, Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 9A

LENGTH: 674 words


Why get hair transplants?

A hair transplant generally involves taking healthy hair and placing it in an
area on the scalp with noticeable hair loss.

When someone experiences hair loss, he or she might suffer from decreased self
esteem. A hair transplant can potentially help increase self confidence. You
should keep in mind that a hair transplant will not create new hair.

Both men and women experience hair loss. It's generally associated with age and
genetics, although that's not the case in all hair loss.

What happens when you get hair transplants?

Before your transplant, your doctor will assess how much hair loss you've had,
how much hair is available for the transplant and the quality of that hair, how
much hair you will potentially lose in the future, the color contrast of the
transplanted hair and the body wave of your hair.

You and your doctor will discuss what pattern would work best for your hair
transplant. You should discuss with your doctor what your expectations should be
for the transplant. Also, it's important to understand how much the procedure
will cost and whether you can anticipate wanting additional hair transplants.

The technique each doctor uses will vary from practice to practice. Some doctors
use what's known as follicular unit grafts.

During a follicular unit graft procedure, you will most likely be awake for your
hair transplant. The doctor will use an anesthetic to numb the area where he or
she is working.

To start the transplant, your doctor will take a strip of hair from the back of
your head. This area of your head generally has healthy hair that hasn't been
affected by dihydrotestosterone, a hormone that can cause hair to deteriorate.
This means that hair transplanted from this area shouldn't be affected by the
hormone that likely caused you to lose hair in the first place.

The doctor will stitch the back of your head where the donor site is back
together to ensure the best healing. Next, the doctor will place the strip of
hair under a microscope and divide it into hair grafts. These grafts are made up
of one to three follicle units.

The doctor will create small puncture sites where the hair grafts will be
placed. The goal is for the grafts to be placed in a pattern that will mimic
your natural hairline.

The transplanted hair will likely fall out, but the follicles that were
transplanted will stay. You should see results in a few months. About a year
after your transplant, you should see significant results.

On average, hair transplant recipients receive about 1,500 grafts, which factors
out to between 3,500 and 4,000 follicles. The surgery will take about four
hours.

Does it hurt?

During the procedure, you should only feel slight, if any, pain. Pain will vary
from patient to patient and depending on which hair transplant procedure you
choose.

After the procedure, the area where the hair was taken will probably be sore for
a few days.

What are the risk factors?

With any surgery, there's a risk of bleeding and infection.

Patients who undergo a hair transplant also run the risk of scarring and
unnatural looking hair growth. Your risk of side effects is lowered if you are
not a smoker and are in good health.

You might experience oozing from the graft sites, but that should disappear
within a few days.

What's the recovery time?

Your recovery time will depend on how many grafts you receive and how much hair
loss you had to begin with.

If you had significant hair loss, your hair transplant might be less conspicuous
than someone who has more hair to hide the redness from the transplant.

The sutures that were placed in the hair transplant site will likely be taken
out within 10 days of your surgery.

What's the follow-up?

Whether you need another hair transplant is up to you. Some people might want to
have another. This decision will depend on your hair loss, the amount of hair
you have to transplant and how much you would like to spend on the procedure.

Sources: Oklahoma City plastic surgeon Dr. Tim Love, National Institutes of
Health, The Mayo Clinic.


LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Editor's note: Ever wonder what it's like to have a knee replacement? To
undergo a heart scan? To have a colonoscopy? This is part of a continuing series
of articles called "What's it Like?" in which The Oklahoman explains common
medical procedures people may elect to participate in or be required to undergo.
This week's topic: What's it like to get hair transplants?

GRAPHIC: Photo 1: Plastic surgeon Dr. Tim Love discusses hair follicle
transplant procedures Monday at his office in Oklahoma City. PHOTO BY PAUL
HELLSTERN, THE OKLAHOMAN
Photo 2: BEFORE A patient's head is shown before the procedure.
Photo 3: AFTER The patient's head is shown after the procedure at Dr. Tim Love's
practice. PHOTOS PROVIDED

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2012 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                             452 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                              GlobalData - Events

                                January 10, 2017

                                 ARISTE Medical

                           Suite 900, 20 South Dudley
                                 Memphis 38103
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * EVENTS * * * * * * * * * *


Ariste Medical, Co-Founded by Faculty Members of UTHSC, Receives $4.6 Million
Investment for Development of Drug-Delivering Device

   Jun 09, 2015

   Hernia repair is one of the most common surgical procedures in the United
States. But the open repair with mesh implantation often required at the site
carries a high risk of infection. Ariste Medical, a company founded by faculty
members from the University of Tennessee Health Science Center (UTHSC), is
working to develop a drug-delivering mesh patch for use at the site of hernia
repair to reduce the risk of infection.Ariste Medical, founded in 2007 and
located in Memphis, has received $4.6 million from an investor who wishes to
remain anonymous to continue development of this innovative drug-delivering
hernia mesh. The new investment will support product testing and regulatory
filings for the mesh, as well as preparation for commercialization in the United
States and Europe upon regulatory approval.Ariste Medical was formed by UTHSC's
Timothy Fabian, MD, and Lisa Jennings, PhD, along with Brian Best, a leader in
product development and commercialization. Dr. Fabian is the Harwell W. Wilson
Alumni Professor and chair of the Department of Surgery at UTHSC. Dr. Jennings
is a professor in the College of Medicine with joint appointments in the
Departments of Biomedical EngineeringMicrobiology, Immunology and
Biochemistryand Surgery. She is also the founder of CirQuest Labs, a specialty
contract research organization performing testing for studies conducted in the
United States, Canada and Europe. At Ariste Medical, Drs. Fabian and Jennings
are developing implantable devices that deliver drugs to reduce the risk of
common surgical complications that increase morbidity. Ariste exclusively
licensed this technology from the University of Tennessee Research Foundation.
The company has been located at the Memphis Bioworks Foundation since 2012. In
2013, Ariste received initial seed funding of $1.27 million to support the
pursuit of multiple patents, open a research lab, and develop new products and
technology targeting clinical complications where infection, scar tissue
formation or clotting is an ongoing challenge associated with implantable
surgical devices. "Ariste Medical is the first device company to our knowledge
that has the technology to provide a programmable residence and release of an
agent or drugs that can preserve the integrity of implantable medical devices
composed of various materials such as polypropylene, polyurethane, ePTFE
(Teflon) and other implantable materials," Dr. Jennings said. Several implants
are composed of ePTFE, but until Ariste technology, there has not been a
satisfactory solution to create a product with the desirable drug delivery
properties, she explained. "We think our products, once approved, will make
significant impact in the device industry," Dr. Jennings said.


Ariste Medical Receives Second U.S. Patent

   Dec 03, 2014

   Ariste Medical, Inc. has been awarded a second U.S. patent (#8,568,763)
covering compositions and coatings for drug delivery. This patent furthers the
intellectual property holdings of Ariste Medical in the realm of drug eluting
coatings applicable to commonly used implantable medical devices, such as hernia
mesh, vascular grafts, catheters, and similar devices that are subject to risk
of infection, restenosis, and thrombosis. Ariste continues to develop novel
approaches to the combination of drugs and devices in order to develop valuable
tools for use in common surgical procedures.


Ariste Medical Receives Issued US Patent

   Oct 30, 2012

   Ariste Medical, Inc. announced that a key patent has been issued by the US
Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO). The US patent (#8,236,338) covers a
formulation capable of coating polytetrafluoroethylene (PTFE) and expanded PTFE,
more commonly known as Teflon and Gore-Tex, respectively.The new coating is
capable of incorporating multiple pharmaceutical agents, enabling surgically
implantable medical devices made from PTFE or ePTFE to also be used as
drug-delivery devices. Ariste is presently developing a drug-eluting vascular
graft for the prevention of restenosis-induced graft failure in hemodialysis
patients.Ariste has completed pre-clinical models demonstrating proof-of-concept
using ePTFE grafts coated with rapamycin and has achieved a significant
reduction in neointimal hyperplasia, or scarring within the graft. Ariste
believes that its technology will help prevent graft failure in the hemodialysis
setting, where failure is common and more than $1 billion dollars is incurred
annually to reopen or repair vascular access sites so that patients can continue
to receive dialysis treatment.In addition, Ariste has raised $1.275m in seed
capital to advance the vascular graft program and to expand this technology to
additional implantable devices made from PTFE or ePTFE.Brian Best, CEO of
Ariste, said, The issued patent was a critical step for Ariste. We are now
focusing on expanding our intellectual property platform as we advance the
drug-eluting graft through the regulatory process leading to a first-in-man
study. The unmet needs among the hemodialysis population are clearly defined,
and we believe we can offer a positive impact.
* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Company Investment Analysis             Company Overview
Company Product Pipeline Analysis       Events
Investments                             Key Employees
Key Facts                               Major Products and Services
Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2017


                             453 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Medical Device Daily

                            February 21, 2011 Monday

Study evaluates TKR implant efficiency

LENGTH: 1105 words

A Medical Device Daily Staff Report

Most patients who undergo total knee replacement (TKR) are age 60 to 80. More
than 90% of these individuals experience a dramatic reduction in knee pain and a
significant improvement in the ability to perform common activities. However,
questions have been raised about the decline in physical function over the long
term despite the absence of implant-related problems. New research revealed at
the 2011 Annual Meeting of the American Academy of Orthopaedic Surgeons (AAOS;
Rosemont, Illinois) evaluates patient functionality 20 years after knee
replacement.

Although aging may cause a gradual decline in physical activity, a remarkable
functional capacity and activity level continues 20 years of more after TKR.

Between 1975 and 1989, 1,757 primary cruciate (ligament behind the
knee)-retaining TKRs were preformed at the Center for Hip and Knee Surgery in
Mooresville, Indiana. The study examined 128 patients who were living at the 20
year follow-up. The average age at operation in the group of 171 TKRs was 63.8
years. Eighty-two percent of these patients had osteoarthritis and 73% were
female. The average follow-up was 21.1 years and the average age at follow-up
was 82.3 years.

The study found:

o Ninety-five patients could walk at least five blocks.

o Nearly half, 48%, of patients reported unlimited walking.

o All but two patients could negotiate up and down stairs without a banister.

o Only three patients were considered housebound.

o There were no implant failures after 20 years.

"These findings definitely add to the conversation with patients considering
surgery. If a patient actually lives that long, a well-functioning TKR may help
allow them to maintain a remarkable functional capacity and activity level not
just for five or 10 years but for 20 years and beyond," continued Meding. "This
research refutes any perception that the importance of a well-functioning TKR
diminishes over time because of an overall declining functional status. Elderly
people are using their surgically replaced knees for fairly active lifestyles
many years after surgery."

In other conference news:

o BioMimetic Therapeutics (Franklin, Tennessee), reported highlights from its
analyst and investor meeting which was held February 17 in conjunction with the
AAOS Annual meeting.

The BioMimetic management team provided updates regarding the company's May 12,
2011 Orthopedic and Rehabilitation Devices Panel Meeting to review the PMA
application for Augment Bone Graft for the treatment of foot and ankle fusions
in the U.S. The company also released results of its pre-clinical study of
interbody lumbar spine fusion and provided updates on other product development
activities.

The purpose of the spine fusion study was to determine the ability of Augment
Bone Graft and Augment Injectable Bone Graft to promote interbody fusion (bony
bridging) of the L2/L3 and L4/L5 vertebral bodies in an ovine spinal fusion
model with the goal of demonstrating comparable interbody fusion between
autograft and the Augment products. Each group received an un-instrumented,
double-level, lateral interbody lumbar spinal fusion procedure using a polyether
ether ketone (PEEK) spacer to deliver the graft materials. The four-arm study
included treatment with an empty PEEK spacer, iliac crest autograft, Augment
Bone Graft and Augment Injectable Bone Graft. The 44 fusion sites were assessed
by microCT and histolologic analyses at 24 weeks.

At the meeting, the company also provided updates on the status of the Augment
Injectable North American pivotal study and the pilot trial evaluating Augment
Rotator Cuff Graft in Canada. The FDA approved the initiation of enrollment in
the company's North American pivotal trial evaluating Augment Injectable in
hindfoot fusion indications.

The company is awaiting institutional review board approval and expects to
initiate enrollment later this quarter. The study is expected to enroll 201
patients and be fully enrolled around the end of this year. Follow up will be
six months for effectiveness and 12 months for safety. The PMA filing will be
submitted with the final 12 month data.

The study is a randomized controlled non-inferiority trial comparing Augment
Injectable to autograft, with the two treatments randomized 2:1, respectively.
The trial has been approved to enroll patients at 25 institutions. The design
leverages previous data generated in the company's North American Augment Bone
Graft pivotal trial, which is under FDA review.

In the pilot trial assessing the safety and clinical utility of Augment Rotator
Cuff Graft for the repair of large rotator cuff tears, 13 patients have been
treated to date. The study is expected to enroll up to 30 patients with 20
patients receiving Augment Rotator Cuff plus standard suture repair and 10
patients receiving standard suture repair alone. Enrollment should be complete
in the third quarter with an interim data release in the first half of 2012.

o Smith & Nephew's (S&N; London) Orthopedic Division reported it introduced its
Short Modular Femoral (SMF) hip system, a modular total hip replacement stem
system that exceeds the versatility and neck strength of a standard, full-size
primary hip stem, while providing the stability of the traditionally longer,
more invasive implant. With this new design technology, surgeons can more
efficiently implant Smith & Nephew's proprietary Verilast advanced bearing
material via the full range of surgical techniques.

The SMF Hip is 20% shorter than conventional hip stems while also allowing less
healthy bone to be removed from the femoral neck. This bone-conserving design
delivers a wider range of options should future surgeries be required. Further,
due to its reduced size, surgeons can implant it through smaller incisions or
through an anterior incision, which minimizes soft tissue trauma and speeds
patients' return to active mobility.

The SMF hip system modular neck options give the surgeon the opportunity to more
closely replicate their patients' natural anatomy. Made from cobalt chrome,
these modular necks exceed the fatigue strength of other modular neck hip
implants, which are most often made from titanium.

Prior to its launch, S&N performed a radiostereometric analysis (RSA) on the SMF
stem, a study that measures the relative position of tiny metal markers in the
implant to the surrounding bone in order to assess the stem's movement and
stability post-operatively. The results indicate that the SMF stem had
comparable post-operative stability during the crucial first year of fixation as
S&N's clinically proven, full-size Synergy hip stem.

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                          Copyright 2011 AHC Media LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             454 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Medical Device Daily

                            February 21, 2011 Monday

Study evaluates TKR implant efficiency

LENGTH: 1105 words

A Medical Device Daily Staff Report

Most patients who undergo total knee replacement (TKR) are age 60 to 80. More
than 90% of these individuals experience a dramatic reduction in knee pain and a
significant improvement in the ability to perform common activities. However,
questions have been raised about the decline in physical function over the long
term despite the absence of implant-related problems. New research revealed at
the 2011 Annual Meeting of the American Academy of Orthopaedic Surgeons (AAOS;
Rosemont, Illinois) evaluates patient functionality 20 years after knee
replacement.

Although aging may cause a gradual decline in physical activity, a remarkable
functional capacity and activity level continues 20 years of more after TKR.

Between 1975 and 1989, 1,757 primary cruciate (ligament behind the
knee)-retaining TKRs were preformed at the Center for Hip and Knee Surgery in
Mooresville, Indiana. The study examined 128 patients who were living at the 20
year follow-up. The average age at operation in the group of 171 TKRs was 63.8
years. Eighty-two percent of these patients had osteoarthritis and 73% were
female. The average follow-up was 21.1 years and the average age at follow-up
was 82.3 years.

The study found:

o Ninety-five patients could walk at least five blocks.

o Nearly half, 48%, of patients reported unlimited walking.

o All but two patients could negotiate up and down stairs without a banister.

o Only three patients were considered housebound.

o There were no implant failures after 20 years.

"These findings definitely add to the conversation with patients considering
surgery. If a patient actually lives that long, a well-functioning TKR may help
allow them to maintain a remarkable functional capacity and activity level not
just for five or 10 years but for 20 years and beyond," continued Meding. "This
research refutes any perception that the importance of a well-functioning TKR
diminishes over time because of an overall declining functional status. Elderly
people are using their surgically replaced knees for fairly active lifestyles
many years after surgery."

In other conference news:

o BioMimetic Therapeutics (Franklin, Tennessee), reported highlights from its
analyst and investor meeting which was held February 17 in conjunction with the
AAOS Annual meeting.

The BioMimetic management team provided updates regarding the company's May 12,
2011 Orthopedic and Rehabilitation Devices Panel Meeting to review the PMA
application for Augment Bone Graft for the treatment of foot and ankle fusions
in the U.S. The company also released results of its pre-clinical study of
interbody lumbar spine fusion and provided updates on other product development
activities.

The purpose of the spine fusion study was to determine the ability of Augment
Bone Graft and Augment Injectable Bone Graft to promote interbody fusion (bony
bridging) of the L2/L3 and L4/L5 vertebral bodies in an ovine spinal fusion
model with the goal of demonstrating comparable interbody fusion between
autograft and the Augment products. Each group received an un-instrumented,
double-level, lateral interbody lumbar spinal fusion procedure using a polyether
ether ketone (PEEK) spacer to deliver the graft materials. The four-arm study
included treatment with an empty PEEK spacer, iliac crest autograft, Augment
Bone Graft and Augment Injectable Bone Graft. The 44 fusion sites were assessed
by microCT and histolologic analyses at 24 weeks.

At the meeting, the company also provided updates on the status of the Augment
Injectable North American pivotal study and the pilot trial evaluating Augment
Rotator Cuff Graft in Canada. The FDA approved the initiation of enrollment in
the company's North American pivotal trial evaluating Augment Injectable in
hindfoot fusion indications.

The company is awaiting institutional review board approval and expects to
initiate enrollment later this quarter. The study is expected to enroll 201
patients and be fully enrolled around the end of this year. Follow up will be
six months for effectiveness and 12 months for safety. The PMA filing will be
submitted with the final 12 month data.

The study is a randomized controlled non-inferiority trial comparing Augment
Injectable to autograft, with the two treatments randomized 2:1, respectively.
The trial has been approved to enroll patients at 25 institutions. The design
leverages previous data generated in the company's North American Augment Bone
Graft pivotal trial, which is under FDA review.

In the pilot trial assessing the safety and clinical utility of Augment Rotator
Cuff Graft for the repair of large rotator cuff tears, 13 patients have been
treated to date. The study is expected to enroll up to 30 patients with 20
patients receiving Augment Rotator Cuff plus standard suture repair and 10
patients receiving standard suture repair alone. Enrollment should be complete
in the third quarter with an interim data release in the first half of 2012.

o Smith & Nephew's (S&N; London) Orthopedic Division reported it introduced its
Short Modular Femoral (SMF) hip system, a modular total hip replacement stem
system that exceeds the versatility and neck strength of a standard, full-size
primary hip stem, while providing the stability of the traditionally longer,
more invasive implant. With this new design technology, surgeons can more
efficiently implant Smith & Nephew's proprietary Verilast advanced bearing
material via the full range of surgical techniques.

The SMF Hip is 20% shorter than conventional hip stems while also allowing less
healthy bone to be removed from the femoral neck. This bone-conserving design
delivers a wider range of options should future surgeries be required. Further,
due to its reduced size, surgeons can implant it through smaller incisions or
through an anterior incision, which minimizes soft tissue trauma and speeds
patients' return to active mobility.

The SMF hip system modular neck options give the surgeon the opportunity to more
closely replicate their patients' natural anatomy. Made from cobalt chrome,
these modular necks exceed the fatigue strength of other modular neck hip
implants, which are most often made from titanium.

Prior to its launch, S&N performed a radiostereometric analysis (RSA) on the SMF
stem, a study that measures the relative position of tiny metal markers in the
implant to the surrounding bone in order to assess the stem's movement and
stability post-operatively. The results indicate that the SMF stem had
comparable post-operative stability during the crucial first year of fixation as
S&N's clinically proven, full-size Synergy hip stem.

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                          Copyright 2011 AHC Media LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             455 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 19, 2014 Thursday

US Patent granted to W. L. Gore & Associates, Inc. (Delewer) on June 17 titled
as "Stent-graft having facing side branch portals"

LENGTH: 167  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 8,753,386, on
June 17, 2014, to W. L. Gore & Associates, Inc. (Delewer), titled as "Stent-
graft having facing side branch portals"

Inventors: Shaw; Edward E. (Flagstaff, AZ)
Assignee: W. L. Gore & Associates, Inc. (Newark, DE)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "In
various embodiments, a device for treating disease of a vessel includes a stent
graft having an outer surface; and at least two side branch portals each having
a proximal end and a distal end. Each distal end is substantially contiguous
with the outer surface of the stent graft. In various other embodiments, the
distal ends are generally axially further spaced apart than the proximal ends."

The patent was filed on. November 1, 2011 Application no. 13/287,003

For more information please visit: http://www.uspto.gov/. In case of any query
regarding this article or other content needs please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             456 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Health Daily Digest

                            March 17, 2016 Thursday

Clinical Trial: Influence of Platelet-Rich Fibrin on Post-extraction Alveolar
Ridge Healing/Preservation as a Stand-alone or Adjunct to Particulate Graft

LENGTH: 217 words

DATELINE: U.S.


U.S., March 17 -- ClinicalTrials.gov registry received information related to
the study (NCT02707536) titled 'Influence of Platelet-Rich Fibrin on
Post-extraction Alveolar Ridge Healing/Preservation as a Stand-alone or Adjunct
to Particulate Graft' on March 9.

Brief Summary: The goal of this project is to evaluate the influence of platelet
rich fibrin (PRF) in extraction socket healing with or without particulate bone
graft. The hypothesis of this study is that PRF will enhance the extraction
socket healing and new bone formation when compared to extraction sockets
grafted without PRF.

Study Start Date: May 2014

Study Type: Interventional

Condition: Extraction Socket Healing

Alveolar Ridge Preservation

Intervention: Procedure: Socket grafting with PRF

Extraction with socket grafting using PRF.

Procedure: Socket grafting with bone graft

Extraction with socket grafting using bone graft.

Recruitment Status: Recruiting

Sponsor: The University of Texas Health Science Center, Houston

Information provided by (Responsible Party): Sridhar V. K. Eswaran, The
University of Texas Health Science Center, Houston

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Health Daily Digest. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2016 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             457 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                             October 2, 2016 Sunday
                                 METRO EDITION

INNOVATION

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 6D

LENGTH: 854 words



HIGHLIGHT: MEDICAL 21 // Chasing a man-made vessel // Med-tech pioneer Manny
Villafaña is continuing his quest for a blood vessel that could revolutionize
coronary bypass surgery


Med-tech pioneer Manny Villafaña is continuing his quest for a blood vessel that
could revolutionize coronary bypass surgery

Coronary bypass surgery requires a doctor to pry open a patient's chest and sew
in new blood vessels to create a "bypass" route for blood that is trying to
travel through clogged arteries near the heart.

One common complaint is all the pain and scarring in the legs.

In a surgery performed hundreds of thousands of times a year in the U.S.,
coronary bypass surgery causes side effects in the legs in about 5 percent of
patients because doctors sometimes have to remove a portion of the great
saphenous vein in the legs. Although blood vessels in the arms and chest are
commonly used for bypass grafts, the leg vein is often harvested in more complex
cases that require three or more bypasses.

The great saphenous is useful as a graft because it is the body's longest vein,
but removing it can create leg scars and risks of surgical infection or nerve
damage, even when minimally invasive laparoscopic surgical techniques are used.

A man-made blood vessel could avoid all that. Despite significant effort and
funding, however, science has not yet produced an artificial blood vessel narrow
and dependable enough to eliminate the need to harvest the great saphenous and
other vessels for coronary bypass surgery. Existing synthetic vessels don't work
when shrunk to the 6 mm or less needed to bypass the coronary arteries.

Minnesota med-tech pioneer Manny Villafaña has new a solution in mind. It
involves technology invented at the University of Iowa that will be tested, and
potentially commercialized, by Villafaña's latest start-up, Medical 21 Inc.,
which leased space in Plymouth last month.

Over lunch in Minneapolis, Villafaña sketched a back-of-the-napkin snapshot of
what he says is a major opportunity. More than 400,000 coronary bypass
operations are done each year in the U.S. - the worldwide total is double that -
and each surgery requires an average of two or three grafts. Harvesting the
grafts adds an hour or two of surgical time and more than $10,000 in hospital
expenses, plus physical therapy and potential follow-up care for the patient.

"This technology, if it works, is enormous in its potential," Villafaña said.

Observers could be forgiven for thinking his pitch has a familiar ring.

Villafaña's successes are well-known. In the early 1970s he left a job at
Medtronic to found a new pacemaker company called Cardiac Pacemakers Inc., which
became Guidant and was eventually acquired by Boston Scientific. In 1976
Villafaña founded St. Jude Medical, the largest med-tech company headquartered
in the state today.

But Villafaña's more recent ventures have fizzled. Publicly traded Kips Bay
Medical folded last year after early clinical testing failed to validate the
feasibility of the eSVS mesh, a device that was supposed to reinforce natural
vein grafts in bypass surgery with nitinol wire. Kips Bay raised $16 million in
a 2011 initial public offering and was wound down four years later.

Before that, Villafaña's CABG Medical Inc. discontinued operations in 2006 after
its polymer, drug-eluting artificial vessel for bypass surgery called the Holly
Graft System also failed to get strong enough clinical results to justify
keeping the company open. CABG Medical raised $30 million in a 2004 IPO before
it wound down.

"The challenge of trying to develop an artificial graft has been around forever.
The first time that I looked at this field was back in 1982," Villafaña said.
With the new company, "we named it Medical 21 so that we have a nice line of
demarcation between what we're doing and what was done before. ... The idea of
how to do it was developed by me in the 21st century. And we're using
technologies of the 21st century."

But the talkative, Bronx-born med-tech entrepreneur got cagey when asked about
the technical details of the invention.

Villafaña would say only that the innovation is new, and that it involves using
cellulose graft conduits manufactured using techniques patented by the
University of Iowa, plus a nitinol support sleeve for the grafts, which already
have commercial approval in Europe.

Cellulose is used in other medical applications like wound dressings because
it's highly compatible with human biology. Nitinol is widely used in medical
devices like unfoldable heart valves because it is similarly biocompatible and
can snap back to its intended shape after being folded. One of the key secrets
for now is "what we do to the cellulose," but Villafaña wouldn't elaborate.

Public records show that Villafaña licensed the cellulose technology from the
University of Iowa in January, but the university redacts details about the
royalty arrangement and the unpublished patent application.

Villafaña is working to generate interest among potential early backers, but
declined to discuss financial goals or the fundraising process. Early
experiments involving animals will start soon, he said, with plans for an
overseas feasibility trial in humans next year.

"We feel that we have a chance," Villafaña said. "If you don't go after these
things, they disappear."

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2016 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             458 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2015 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                            GlobalData - Investments

                                  May 27, 2015

                              Leman Cardiovascular

                              Avenue de la gare 15
                                  Morges 1110
                                  Switzerland

* * * * * * * * * * INVESTMENTS * * * * * * * * * *


CryoLife Enters Into Distribution Agreement With Hancock Jaffe Labs For ProCol
Vascular Bioprosthesis

   3/27/2014 12:00:00 AM

   CryoLife, Inc., a medical device and tissue processing company, entered into
a three-year exclusive worldwide distribution agreement with Hancock Jaffe
Laboratories, Inc. (HJL), a developer of bioprosthetic vascular grafts, for the
ProCol Vascular Bioprosthesis. Under the agreement, CryoLife receives worldwide
distribution rights for HJL's ProCol. CryoLife will reimburse HJL for up to US$
2.3m of its ProCol production costs over the next four quarters, beginning from
second quarter of 2014, with no more than US$0.65m payable in any quarter.
Profits from sales of ProCol after the initial approximately 4,000 units will be
shared equally by the parties, subject to the transfer price paid to Hancock
Jaffe and a distribution fee earned by CryoLife. CryoLife has the two one-year
renewal option to extend the agreement period. In addition, CryoLife has the
right to acquire the ProCol product line from Hancock Jaffe, after 24 months
from execution of the agreement. <P/>ProCol is a natural biological graft
derived from a bovine mesenteric vein that provides vascular access for
end-stage renal disease (ESRD) hemodialysis patients. It is intended for the
creation of a bridge graft for vascular access subsequent to at least one
previously failed prosthetic access graft. ProCol is complementary to CryoLife's
HeRO Graft (Hemodialysis Reliable Outflow), which also serves patients with
ESRD. ProCol provides vascular access for earlier-stage ESRD patients, while
HeRO Graft is designed for patients with limited access options and central
venous obstruction.<P/>This agreement enables CryoLife to strengthen its
products portfolio; and it allows Hancock Jaffe Laboratories to expand the
availability of its product globally.<P/>Norman Jaffe, co-founder of HJL, said,
We are excited to enter a distribution agreement with CryoLife. We expect both
companies to benefit from the reintroduction of ProCol through CryoLife's
established sales and marketing organization, which has a significant presence
in the cardiovascular and vascular access markets. The ProCol vascular
bioprosthesis has been shown to provide patients with ESRD with a viable access
option. In US clinical studies ProCol demonstrated improved patency compared
with ePTFE grafts. We believe CryoLife is in a strong position to drive
utilization of ProCol with its existing customers as well as to expand awareness
with new customers through its commercial presence and physician education
events, such as their Central Venous Pathology Summit.<P/>
* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Company Overview                        Company Product Pipeline Analysis
Events                                  Investments
Key Employees                           Key Facts
Locations and Subsidiaries              Major Products and Services
Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2015


                             459 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 14, 2015 Saturday

US Patent granted to The Board of Regents of the University of Oklahom (OK) on
March 10 titled as "Tissue graft compositions and methods for producing same"

LENGTH: 213  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 8,974,810, on
March 10, 2015, to The Board of Regents of the University of Oklahom (OK),
titled as "Tissue graft compositions and methods for producing same"

Inventors: Kropp; Bradley P. (Edmond, OK), Lin; Hsueh-Kung (Edmond, OK),
Mandelek; Fadee (Oklahoma City, OK), Grady; Brian P. (Norman, OK)
Assignee: The Board of Regents of the University of Oklahoma (Norman, OK)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
tissue graft composition is described herein that includes a segment of small
intestinal submucosa having at least one nanoparticle incorporated therein such
that the permeability of the segment of small intestinal submucosa is altered,
thereby providing the segment of small intestinal submucosa with a more
substantially uniform structure for cell migration and proliferation. The tissue
graft composition may further comprise at least one macromolecule incorporated
into the nanoparticle. The tissue graft composition may be utilized in seeded or
unseeded methods of tissue repair."

The patent was filed on. August 1, 2011 Application no. 13/195,400

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs
please contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             460 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 14, 2015 Saturday

US Patent granted to The Board of Regents of the University of Oklahoma (JP) on
March 10 titled as "Tissue graft compositions and methods for producing same"

LENGTH: 213  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 8,974,810, on
March 10, 2015, to The Board of Regents of the University of Oklahoma (JP),
titled as "Tissue graft compositions and methods for producing same"

Inventors: Kropp; Bradley P. (Edmond, OK), Lin; Hsueh-Kung (Edmond, OK),
Mandelek; Fadee (Oklahoma City, OK), Grady; Brian P. (Norman, OK)
Assignee: The Board of Regents of the University of Oklahoma (Norman, OK)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
tissue graft composition is described herein that includes a segment of small
intestinal submucosa having at least one nanoparticle incorporated therein such
that the permeability of the segment of small intestinal submucosa is altered,
thereby providing the segment of small intestinal submucosa with a more
substantially uniform structure for cell migration and proliferation. The tissue
graft composition may further comprise at least one macromolecule incorporated
into the nanoparticle. The tissue graft composition may be utilized in seeded or
unseeded methods of tissue repair."

The patent was filed on. August 1, 2011 Application no. 13/195,400

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs
please contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             461 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 2, 2014 Thursday

US Patent granted to LifeShield Sciences LLC (Texas) on September 30, titled as
"Sealable attachment of endovascular stent to graft"

LENGTH: 189  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 8,845,714, on
September 30, 2014, to LifeShield Sciences LLC (Texas), titled as "Sealable
attachment of endovascular stent to graft"

Inventors:  DiMatteo; Kristian (Waltham, MA), Spiridigliozzi; John (Sharon, MA),
Thistle; Robert C. (Bridgewater, MA)
Assignee:  LifeShield Sciences LLC (Plano, TX)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "An
endovascular prosthesis of the present invention includes an expandable stent
and a means for sealably attaching a tubular graft to the stent within the
stent's lumen. The means of sealably attaching a graft includes membranes,
foams, polymeric materials and combinations thereof. Additionally, the present
invention includes methods of forming an endovascular prosthesis and methods of
implanting an endovascular prosthesis within a vessel to provide sealable
securement of a tubular graft within the stent's lumen."

The patent was filed on June 14, 2011 Application no. 13/160,105

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             462 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  Wisconsin State Journal (Madison, Wisconsin)

                              July 19, 2015 Sunday
                                  ALL EDITION

SMALL-PLATE RESTAURANT ON THE SQUARE TO OPEN TUESDAY;
RESTAURANT NEWS

BYLINE:  SAMARA KALK DERBY  skalk@madison.com, 608-252-6439

SECTION: SUNDAY BEST; Pg. E7

LENGTH: 500 words


Graft, a small plates restaurant on the Capitol Square inspired by Midwest
ingredients, is set to open Tuesday, its owners say.

Lucas Henning is opening Graft Madison, 18 N. Carroll St., between Grace
Episcopal Church and the Wisconsin Historical Museum, with his wife Erin Bemis,
and a partner, Sam McDaniel.

Henning called the remodeling of a former antique shop and an upscale clothing
store a "fun and interesting" project, which involved putting two storefronts
back into one space.

"Anytime you start moving some walls and taking stuff down in an old building,
you always get some interesting surprises. This was nothing different," he said.

Henning said he has more than 15 years of experience working in fine dining, and
has worked on four restaurant openings, primarily as an assistant general
manager and beverage director.

McDaniel said he has spent a 25-year career in restaurants, food and wine,
working all over the East Coast and in London.

Henning, McDaniel, and Graft chef Phillip Rodriguez worked together at Marcus
Samuelsson's now closed C-House Restaurant in Chicago six years ago, McDaniel
said.

Rodriguez, who will head the kitchen at Graft, is not to be confused with local
chef Phil Rodriguez, who until recently worked at the former Creamery Café in
Paoli, and had previously worked in a number of Madison restaurants including
Lombardino's.

Henning and Bemis moved to Madison three years ago with the idea of opening a
business, but were not immediately set on a restaurant, Henning said.

The menu, which is now on www.graftmadison.com, features three large plates - a
New York strip, pheasant and a half chicken - and mostly small plates.

The small plate menu is divided into "veg & grains," "fish & shellfish," "meat"
and "sweets."

Examples in the first category include artichokes with mint, parsley and lemon
puree; and ravioli with mascarpone cheese, shiitake and oyster mushrooms and
garlic cream.

In the second category, there's scallops with fennel, parsley and grapefruit;
and tuna tartare with cucumbers, sesame seeds, avocado and rice chips.

Meat dishes include chicken thigh with harissa, couscous, spring onions and
chicken skin; and pork belly with potatoes, asparagus, mustard seeds and a sweet
soy glaze.

Desserts include s'mores made with flourless chocolate cake, marshmallows and
graham crackers; and lemon pot de crÃ¨me with raspberries and blackberry
crumble.

In a mission statement, Henning and McDaniel - both certified sommeliers -
emphasize their wine focus, and say that bringing people together around a table
with food and wine is what the restaurant is all about.

They chose the name Graft for several reasons, they said, but mainly because
"the grafting of grapevines onto a different species of rootstock is a
miraculous thing, and the world would be a far different place without that
discovery."

As far as graft's political meaning, they said, "our proximity to state and
local government, and all of the attendant businesses, makes for some fun
discussions."

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2015 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             463 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Oklahoman

                            April 22, 2006 Saturday
                                  City Edition

Frugal widow leaves millions;
Health research, schools benefit

BYLINE: Jim Killackey, Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 701 words

DATELINE: CLINTON


CLINTON -- Western Oklahoma teacher and farmer Wilma Davis McElmurry lived a
prudent, frugal life.

The Custer County woman spent little on herself, saving most of what she earned
and investing it wisely for decades.

Yet, when McElmurry died last summer at age 89, officials with the Oklahoma
Medical Research Foundation in Oklahoma City, Southwestern Oklahoma State
University in Weatherford and Clinton Public Schools couldn't have accurately
gauged the depth of her generosity.

McElmurry left a $5 million charitable trust fund to be divided between OMRF,
Southwestern and Clinton schools. Each will receive perpetual payments from the
trust.

McElmurry stipulated that half of the trust's payments fund research on cancer
and heart disease at OMRF.

McElmurry's father died from cancer, her mother from a heart attack. Her
husband, Bonnie McElmurry, died from Parkinson's disease.

'A legacy of hope'

"From firsthand experience, Wilma McElmurry understood the terrible toll that
cancer and heart disease can take on a family," said Tia Jones-Bibbs, OMRF
director of planned giving.

"This selfless gift will help OMRF's scientists transform Mrs. McElmurry's
personal loss into a legacy of hope."

OMRF should get about $75,000 a year depending on interest earned, said her
attorney, C.B. Graft of Clinton.

Southwestern should receive about $50,000 a year from the trust, with Clinton
schools getting about $25,000.

Trust funds will be used for college scholarships for needy students, said
McElmurry's friend Peggy Lash.

"Wilma would certainly be glad that something good was being done with her
money," Lash said.

Born in 1916, McElmurry was an only child. She graduated from Independence
Public Schools and then Southwestern State in 1940.

She spent 33 years as an elementary school instructor, first in Arapaho, then in
Clinton.

While teaching in Arapaho, she met and married teaching colleague Bonnie
McElmurry, who later became Arapaho's principal and superintendent.

After retiring, the couple, who had no children, lived on the family farm just
north of Clinton.

They were active wheat farmers until Bonnie McElmurry's death in 1996. That
year, his wife made her first donation to OMRF in memory of her husband.

"She felt like OMRF was a charitable organization that would do the most with
her funds," Graft said.

Graft said McElmurry listened to advice from close friends, but she always made
her own decisions.

"She was the type of person who was fiercely independent and self-reliant,"
Graft said.

Most of McElmurry's estate came from oil and natural gas resources and an
inheritance in the 1980s.

The McElmurrys had 940 acres of wheatland -- 860 acres in Custer County and 80
acres in Washita County.

Despite McElmurry's considerable holdings, Graft said, she remained careful with
her money.

The woman had plenty of idiosyncrasies.

McElmurry had money in more than a dozen banks, Graft said.

She only wanted handmade and hand me-down clothes -- no store-bought apparel.

The watch she wore was purchased for $1.

She collected promotional items -- hats and T-shirts -- given out at rural
electric cooperative meetings, Graft said. She rode her tractor wearing green
co-op overalls.

McElmurry's hoarding was a bit odd, said friend Coleen Mannering of Thomas.

She had dozens of rolls of aluminum foil, disposable plastic containers and old
boxes of powdered sugar.

"Maybe she didn't have enough to eat during the Depression." Mannering said.

Yet, McElmurry was generous. She tutored Mannering's daughter, Ruth, in reading
for a few summers, but took no fees.

Her big treats included bargain shopping for costume jewelry and dinners with
friends after Sunday morning services at Independence United Methodist Church.

Lash said McElmurry repeatedly resisted any thoughts or attempts to have either
her husband or herself moved to a long-term center even as their health
declined.

"Wilma was a pleasant person, never grumpy or complaining," Lash said. "She just
loved to look out her back door to see the creek, the wheat and the deer."

Her home north of Clinton was so special that McElmurry's will stipulated that
it be kept perpetually as is -- without residents. A new home-alarm system has
been installed.

LOAD-DATE: April 26, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Wilma Davis McElmurry

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2006 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                             464 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Medical Device Daily

                           January 30, 2014 Thursday

Product briefs

LENGTH: 403 words


o bioMerieux (Durham, North Carolina) and Clarient (Aliso Viejo, California)
said that bioMerieux's molecular diagnostic test THxID-BRAF has been added to
the service offerings provided by Clarient. Clarient will use THxID BRAF in
order to aid oncologists in selecting metastatic melanoma patients whose tumors
carry the BRAF V600E mutation for possible treatment with GlaxoSmithKline's
(GSK) Tafinlar (dabrafenib) as well as in selecting melanoma patients whose
tumors carry the BRAF V600E or V600K mutation for possible treatment with
Mekinist (trametinib). Clarient uses diagnostics technologies combined with
pathology expertise to assess and characterize cancer in order to provide the
most advanced oncology testing and diagnostic services for better patient care.
With a customer base of more than 2,000 pathologists, oncologists, clinical
laboratories and hospitals, Clarient has selected the bioMerieux THxID-BRAF
assay to offer its customers the only test able to simultaneously detect the two
prevalent BRAF mutations, V600E and V600K, providing high medical value
information to select treatment for metastatic melanoma patients. THxID-BRAF is
a real-time PCR test that offers clinicians a standardized, reproducible and
clinically validated method to patients with BRAF-mutant unresectable or
metastatic melanoma that may be suitable for treatment.

o Medtronic (Minneapolis) has received FDA approval for the Valiant Captivia
Thoracic Stent Graft system to be used in the treatment of type B aortic
dissections, a serious cardiovascular condition associated with high morbidity
and mortality in which the upper segment of the body's main artery has become
torn along the innermost layer of the vessel wall. Supported by the results of
the U.S. Medtronic DISSECTION trial, the new indication expands treatment
options for this challenging patient population by providing physicians with a
minimally invasive alternative to open surgical repair and medical therapy.
Indicated for a variety of thoracic aortic lesions, the Valiant Captivia System
features a unique proximal tip-capture mechanism, which enables controlled
deployment and accurate placement of the stent graft, Medtronic said. Based on
independent conformability bench testing of multiple thoracic stent grafts, the
Valiant stent graft is the only device that maintains complete apposition to the
vessel wall regardless of angulation or oversizing.

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


          Copyright 2014 Thompson Media Group, LLC d/b/a AHC Media LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             465 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                          November 23, 2016 Wednesday

Head Line: US Patent granted to Senseonics, Incorporated (Maryland) on November
22, 2016 titled as "Opacity consistent polymer graft for optical sensor"

LENGTH: 208 words

DATELINE: New York


ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no.
9,498,156 on November 22, 2016, to Senseonics, Incorporated (Maryland) titled as
"Opacity consistent polymer graft for optical sensor"

Inventors: Whitehurst; Todd (Germantown, MD), Huffstetler; Philip (Germantown,
MD)


Assignee: Senseonics, Incorporated (Germantown, MD) (Maryland)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
sensor (e.g., an optical sensor) that may be placed within a living animal
(e.g., a human) and may be used to measure an analyte (e.g., glucose or oxygen)
in a medium (e.g., interstitial fluid) within the animal. The sensor may include
a sensor housing and a polymer graft including indicator molecules and covering
at least a portion of the sensor housing. The opacity of the polymer graft may
remain substantially the same (i.e., may have little or no variation) over time.
The sensor may include a photodetector, and variation in the opacity of the
polymer graft does not cause a significant change in a measurement signal output
by the photodetector. The polymer hydrogel may be made of polymers including
acrylic acid and/or polyethylene glycol."

The patent was filed on May 16, 2014 Application No. 14/279,759


LOAD-DATE: November 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             466 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Philippines Daily Inquirer

                           October 15, 2015 Thursday

Prosecutors ask court to suspend South Cotabato solon for graft

LENGTH: 207  words


State prosecutors asked the Sandiganbayan to suspend South Cotabato Rep. Pedro
Acharon Jr. as he faces a graft charge for failing to liquidate some P2.5
million in public funds used for a dinner festival in Los Angeles, California.

In a motion, Ombudsman prosecutors said Acharon should be suspended pending his
graft litigation for allegedly failing to liquidate some P2.5 million spent for
the Tambayoyong Festival in Los Angeles, California from June 9 to 16, 2006 when
he was General Santos City mayor.

The budget was intended for a dinner for 37 participants, but only 17 showed up.
Acharon allegedly failed to liquidate the P2.5 million fund, causing undue
injury to government.

The prosecutors said Acharon pleaded not guilty to the charges on March 18,
2014, and thus the suspension against him should be mandatory under the law.
Acharon is also incumbent South Cotabato First District Representative.

Under Republic Act 3019 or the Anti-Graft and Corrupt Practices Act, a public
official may be suspended pending graft trial.

It is most respectfully prayed of this Honorable Court that an Order be issued
suspending accused Pedro Acharon Jr. from his office and any other public office
which he may occupy pending trial, prosecutors said.

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Philippines Daily Inquirer
                              All Rights Reserved


                             467 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 8, 2015 Thursday

US Patent granted to Cook Medical Technologies LLC (Indiana) on January 06,
titled as "Preform for and an endoluminal prosthesis"

LENGTH: 229  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 8,926,687, on
January 06, 2015, to Cook Medical Technologies LLC (Indiana), titled as "Preform
for and an endoluminal prosthesis"

Inventors:  Macatangay; Edwin E. (Ellettsville, IN), Frye; Mark R. (Bloomington,
IN), Melsheimer; Jeffry S. (Springville, IN), Farag; Jacqueline (Bloomington,
IN)
Assignee:  Cook Medical Technologies LLC (Bloomington, IN)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "An
endoluminal prosthesis may include a tubular graft extending in a longitudinal
direction, where the graft has an inner surface forming a lumen extending a
length of the graft. An elongate member may be attached to the graft in a
circumferentially and longitudinally extending manner such that the elongate
member forms a series of longitudinally spaced apart turns, each turn extending
substantially around a circumference of the graft. The elongate member may
torsion the graft in at least the circumferential direction and cause the graft
to form circumferentially and longitudinally extending folds in the portions of
the graft disposed between longitudinally adjacent turns of the elongate
member."

The patent was filed on November 1, 2013 Application no. 14/069,518

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             468 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 12, 2014 Tuesday

US Patent granted to Codman & Shurtleff, Inc. (Massachusetts) on August 05
titled as "Collagen device and method of preparing the same"

LENGTH: 234  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 8,795,710, on
August 05, 2014, to Codman & Shurtleff, Inc. (Massachusetts), titled as
"Collagen device and method of preparing the same"

Inventors: Sommerich; Robert E. (Norton, MA), Macomber; Laurel R. (North
Attleboro, MA)
Assignee: Codman & Shurtleff, Inc. (Raynham, MA)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
laminated, bioimplantable dural graft product is configured for use as both an
onlay graft and a suturable graft. The dural graft product is sufficiently
pliable so as to sufficiently conform to a curvature of a tissue surface to
which it is applied, such as the curved surface of a meningeal membrane. The use
of the graft product can have improved properties, including suture retention
strength and fluid impermeability. To use the dural graft product as an implant
to replace, reinforce or strengthen bodily tissue, or to act as an adhesion
barrier, the dural graft is placed in contact with bodily tissue and conforms to
the curvature of the bodily tissue. Sutures can be used to maintain the contact
between the dural graft and the bodily tissue."

The patent was filed on August 22, 2008 Application no. 12/196,621

For more information please visit: http://www.uspto.gov/. In case of any query
regarding this article or other content needs please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             469 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 5, 2014 Tuesday

US Patent granted to Codman & Shurtleff, Inc. (Massachusetts) on August 05
titled as "Collagen device and method of preparing the same"

LENGTH: 234  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 8,795,710, on
August 05, 2014, to Codman & Shurtleff, Inc. (Massachusetts), titled as
"Collagen device and method of preparing the same"

Inventors: Sommerich; Robert E. (Norton, MA), Macomber; Laurel R. (North
Attleboro, MA)
Assignee: Codman & Shurtleff, Inc. (Raynham, MA)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
laminated, bioimplantable dural graft product is configured for use as both an
onlay graft and a suturable graft. The dural graft product is sufficiently
pliable so as to sufficiently conform to a curvature of a tissue surface to
which it is applied, such as the curved surface of a meningeal membrane. The use
of the graft product can have improved properties, including suture retention
strength and fluid impermeability. To use the dural graft product as an implant
to replace, reinforce or strengthen bodily tissue, or to act as an adhesion
barrier, the dural graft is placed in contact with bodily tissue and conforms to
the curvature of the bodily tissue. Sutures can be used to maintain the contact
between the dural graft and the bodily tissue."

The patent was filed on August 22, 2008 Application no. 12/196,621

For more information please visit: http://www.uspto.gov/. In case of any query
regarding this article or other content needs please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             470 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

               September 1, 2002 Sunday 0 South Pinellas Edition

Graft helps paraplegic woman walk

SOURCE: Compiled from Times Wires

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. 7A

LENGTH: 541 words

DATELINE: LOS ANGELES; ATLANTA


An experimental nerve-graft surgery allowed a paraplegic woman whose spinal cord
was severed in an automobile accident to reacquire limited use of her legs, an
Italian doctor reported last week at a conference in California.

In a 14-hour surgery performed in July 2000, Dr. Giorgio Brunelli, of the
Universita' di Brescia, Italy, removed a portion of the 28-year-old's sciatic
nerve and used it as a graft to connect the undamaged portion of her spine to
muscles in her buttocks and thighs. He said the graft allowed the regrowth of
nerves connected to the central nervous system into the muscle tissue.

The unidentified patient first showed movement in her legs in September and
since has begun walking with assistance, Brunelli said. The woman had used a
wheelchair for five years.

"It is rudimentary walking - she needs a walker - but she can move," Brunelli
said.

CDC alarmed by global youth smoking rate

ATLANTA - Health officials are taking a snapshot of child smoking rates around
the world, and they say the preliminary findings are alarming.

In Buenos Aires, Argentina, one in four children ages 13 to 15 smokes
cigarettes. In Moscow, it's one in three, and in the Northern Mariana Islands,
nearly 40 percent in that age bracket smoke.

The figures, released Thursday by the Centers for Disease Control and
Prevention, are part of an ongoing survey of global youth smoking rates that the
CDC hopes to complete by the end of the year.

"This is the first time we've had numbers to show (youth) smoking really is a
major world health problem," said Dr. Terry Pechacek of the CDC.

Blocking enzyme improves memory

Scientists have boosted learning and memory in mice by blocking a brain enzyme,
and they say the result could point to therapy for older people.

They said the work implicates the enzyme, called PP1, as a key actor in the
brain's system for erasing memories.

Other scientists said it's unclear if the findings may lead to memory-enhancing
therapies for older people, but they called the work important.

"This is going to make us think in new and different ways about forgetting,"
said James McGaugh of the Center for the Neurobiology of Learning and Memory at
the University of California, Irvine.

In other news . . .

WEST NILE VIRUS: Four organ-transplant patients - two in Georgia and two in
Florida - may have been infected with West Nile virus through donated organs,
the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said Saturday. One of the
patients from Georgia died Thursday. The Florida Department of Health confirmed
Saturday that it is investigating the case of a Miami man who was the recipient
of a heart transplant.

Recall

GONORRHEA TEST KITS: Abbott Laboratories. Cause: 1.5-million tests sold
worldwide might give false negative results. Action: People who have tested
negative for gonorrhea from Jan. 11 to June 24 should ask their doctor whether
another test is necessary. Call: Consumers or labs: 1-800-527-1869; Physicians:
1-866-233-0471. On the Web:  http://www.abbott.com or  http://www.fda.gov

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 2002 Times Publishing Company


                             471 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Medical Device Daily

                            July 30, 2014 Wednesday

Product briefs

LENGTH: 637 words


o Ethicon Endo-Surgery (New York) reported the launch of Harmonic Focus+ shears
with adaptive tissue technology, what it calls the next generation ultrasonic
surgical device that now brings adaptive tissue technology to open procedures
while delivering on the Harmonic promise of precision. The new device will be
featured at the Fifth World Congress of the International Federation of Head and
Neck Oncologic Societies (IFHNOS) and the annual meeting of the American Head &
Neck Society. Harmonic Focus+ is designed for use in specialties including
otorhinolaryngologic (ENT), and general surgery and in open procedures requiring
fine dissection and reliable vessel sealing. Harmonic Focus+ will be available
beginning this month in the U.S., most of Western Europe, Canada, Australia, and
New Zealand.

o Kips Bay Medical (Minneapolis) said Lenox Hill Hospital in New York City
performed its first implant of an eSVS mesh. This implant was performed as part
of the Kips Bay Medical eMESH I clinical feasibility trial currently being
conducted for the FDA in a number of preeminent cardiac surgery centers in both
Europe and the U.S. The eMESH I clinical feasibility trial is a multi-center,
randomized study of external saphenous vein support using Kips Bay Medical's
eSVS Mesh in coronary artery bypass graft (CABG) surgery. The objective of this
study is to demonstrate the initial safety and performance of the eSVS Mesh for
use as an external saphenous vein graft (SVG) support device during CABG
surgery. The eSVS Mesh is designed to be fitted like a sleeve on the outside of
saphenous vein grafts to strengthen SVGs used in coronary artery bypass graft
surgery. By strengthening the SVG and preventing the damaging expansion of the
vein graft, the company hopes to reduce or prevent the resulting injury which
can lead to SVG failure and potentially costly and complicated re-interventions
for patients undergoing CABG surgery.

o Sorin Group (Milan, Italy) received FDA approval for the Solo Smart aortic
pericardial heart valve. Solo Smart is the first valve with a removable stent to
be approved in the U.S. market. Designed from bovine pericardium, the valve is
fully biological with no synthetic material added. This bioprosthesis mimics the
healthy native aortic valve in order to preserve aortic root physiology. By
perfectly aligning to the patient's annulus with a 100% orifice-to-annulus
ratio, Solo Smart maximizes blood flow and delivers excellent hemodynamic
performance. The removable Ni-Ti alloy stent sets Solo Smart apart from all
other valves, according to the company, as this feature provides support during
implantation and is then completely removed. The removable stent along with the
single-suture line implant technique reduces the time spent seating and suturing
the valve. The prosthesis is treated for the elimination of aldehyde residuals
so it is not necessary to rinse the valve before implantation.

o Teleflex (Wayne, Pennsylvania), a maker of medical devices for critical care
and surgery, said its subsidiary Hotspur Technologies, received FDA clearance to
market the Arrow GPSCath balloon dilatation catheters designed for use with
.014" guide wires and in 150 cm length. These novel products enable a variety of
peripheral vascular procedures to be performed below the knee with one dual
function catheter, potentially reducing procedure time, radiation dosage, and
expense for both patients and medical professionals. The Arrow GPSCath balloon
dilatation catheter is the first dual functional balloon dilatation catheter
that combines angioplasty with the proprietary VisioValve Injection system. This
combination enables physicians to perform peripheral, below-the-knee angioplasty
and inject physician selected fluids, such as contrast media, while maintaining
guide wire position.

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


          Copyright 2014 Thompson Media Group, LLC d/b/a AHC Media LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             472 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               India Pharma News

                     October 10, 2013 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

AxoGen, Inc. Announces Presentation of Avance Nerve Graft Data at American
Association of Oral and Maxillofacial Surgeons Annual Meeting

LENGTH: 220  words


New Delhi, Oct. 10 -- AxoGen, Inc. (NASDAQ: AXGN), a leader in the science and
commercialization of surgical solutions for peripheral nerve repair, today
announced the presentation of data on Avance Nerve Graft at the American
Association of Oral and Maxillofacial Surgeons (AAOMS) 95th Annual Meeting,
taking place October 7-12 in Orlando, Florida.



The Avance Nerve Graft data will be presented by oral and maxillofacial surgery
specialists David Yates DMD, MD, and John Zuniga DMD, PhD, both from University
of Texas Southwestern Medical Center in Dallas, Texas. The details of the oral
poster presentation are as follows:

Presentation Title: Processed Nerve Allograft for Trigeminal Nerve Repair:
Safety and Effectiveness in Sensory Nerve Reconstruction.

Date/Time: Thursday, October 10, 2013: 8:40 a.m. ET

Location: W414A, Orange County Convention Center, Orlando

Jill Schiaparelli, Senior Vice President, Business Strategy & Marketing at
AxoGen, said, ""Trigeminal nerve injuries can be caused by common dental
procedures such as wisdom tooth removal and dental implants and may result in
significant pain and discomfort for affected patients. We are pleased that Drs.
Yates and Zuniga will be presenting their experience with Avance Nerve Graft as
a repair option for trigeminal nerve injuries at the AAOMS Annual Meeting."

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2013 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             473 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                              GlobalData - Events

                               February 14, 2017

                               Bolton Medical Inc

                           799 International Parkway
                                 Sunrise 33325
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * EVENTS * * * * * * * * * *


Florida Medical Device Manufacturer Bolton Medical Appoints New General Manager

   Sep 09, 2013

   Guillermo Portabella has been appointed the new General Manager of Bolton
Medical, Inc., a Florida medical device manufacturer of endovascular stent-
grafts.Portabella, who holds degrees in business and law, joined the company in
2004 and has held several positions in Europe including General Manager of
Bolton Medical Spain for the last three years."I am excited to be challenged
with this critical undertaking," states Portabella. "The RelayÂ® Thoracic Stent-
Graft and TreovanceÂ® Abdominal Stent-Graft are poised to grow considerably in
North America. Leading the team to achieve this is both challenging and
rewarding. I look forward to getting started." Portabella was an instrumental
part of the team that paved the way for Bolton Medical to achieve successful
market share in Europe, Japan, China and Latin America with the RelayÂ® Thoracic
Stent-Graft, and holds both the knowledge and experience needed to help Bolton
Medical. Inc, meet its ambitious objectives here in North America.


Bolton Medical To Add 100 Jobs

   Jan 08, 2013

   Bolton Medical, Inc., a medical device company located in Sunrise, Broward
County, Florida, announced the creation and retention of over 100 jobs.Governor
Rick Scott said, Each job created or retained by Bolton Medical Solutions is
another paycheck for another Florida family. We are proud of the work that
Bolton Medical is doing here in Sunrise, both for the patients who lives depend
on their devices and the employees who work there. Creating an environment that
encourages job growth and business development is one of my priorities as
Governor. While we are not done, this is another step in the right
direction.Prior to the announcement, the Governor toured the Bolton medical
facility that is home to the production of Relay Thoracic Stent-Grafts. The
Governor's visit is in conjunction with the Greater Ft. Lauderdale Alliance, a
public/private partnership for economic development. He will tour their
state-of-the-art development and manufacturing facility, located in Sunrise,
Florida, which manufactures the relaythoracic stent-graft, a minimally invasive
treatment for thoracic aortic aneurysms. The Relay thoracic stent-graft is the
latest life-saving technology offered to patients with thoracic aortic
aneurysms.It is paired with the plus delivery system, a unique four-step
delivery device that allows surgeons to achieve a more satisfactory placement of
the stent-graft on a range of different patients. In addition, the Relay stent-
graft itself is specially designed to fit a range of sizes and anatomical
situations within the thoracic aorta. Oscar Rospigliosi, CEO and general manager
of Bolton Medical, said, We're proud to have developed and be manufacturing this
cutting edge medical device in South Florida. We believe that U.S. physicians
will benefit tremendously from access to the latest medical technology of the
Relay Thoracic Stent-Graft with Plus Delivery System.


Bolton Medical To Add 30 New Jobs

   Oct 08, 2012

   Bolton Medical, Inc., a medical device company located in Sunrise, Broward
County, Florida, which recently received the FDA approval for one of its
products, plans to add 30 new jobs, Sun Sentinel reported.According to the news
report, Bolton Medical will also retain 78 jobs in Sunrise, along with over $2m
in capital investment.


Bolton Medical Gets CE Mark For New Relay NBS With Plus Delivery System

   Apr 07, 2010




Bolton Medical Obtains CE Mark For New Relay NBS With Plus Delivery System

   Apr 07, 2010


* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Company Overview                        Company Product Pipeline Analysis
Events                                  Financial Ratios
Investments                             Key Employees
Key Facts                               Locations and Subsidiaries
Major Products and Services             Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2017


                             474 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                          The Daily Telegraph (London)

                          November 28, 2012 Wednesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Joseph Murray;
Obituaries Surgeon who revolutionised medicine by carrying out the world's first
successful organ transplant

SECTION: FEATURES; OBITUARIES; Pg. 33

LENGTH: 1044 words


JOSEPH MURRAY, who has died aged 93, carried out the world's first successful
organ transplant, revolutionising the treatment of acute illness.

His first success in the field came in 1954, when he transplanted a kidney
between identical twins. Eight years later he performed the same feat between
two unrelated individuals - achievements for which in 1990 he shared the Nobel
Prize in Physiology or Medicine with the bone marrow transplant pioneer Donnall
Thomas.

Until 1954 attempts to transplant living tissue from one human being to another
had failed due to the rejection of the transplanted tissue by the recipients'
immune systems. In the absence of immunosuppressants, transplant operations
generally ended up killing the transplanted tissue, and often the patient.

Murray's interest in transplants developed during his time in the US Army
Medical Corps during the Second World War, when he was assigned to Valley Forge
general hospital in Pennsylvania, which specialised in performing reconstructive
surgery on servicemen injured in battle.

One patient in particular intrigued him. Charles Woods was a 22-year-old pilot
who had been badly burnt in a crash, and needed 18 months of reconstructive
surgery and skin grafts. As his body would reject tissue transplanted from a
donor, doctors had to relocate small patches of skin from Woods's own body in
each operation and use skin taken from dead bodies as temporary protection on
his open wounds.

Murray noticed that, instead of destroying these foreign grafts within the usual
eight to 10 days, Woods's immune system took a month. Studying his medical
records, he realised that Woods's weakened state had slowed his body's rejection
of the transplanted skin. He found another clue when the hospital's chief of
plastic surgery, who had performed skin grafts on civilians before the war, told
him that he had noticed that the closer the donor and recipient were related,
the slower the tissue was rejected. In 1937 a skin graft between identical twins
had taken permanently. As Murray later put it in his autobiography, Surgery of
the Soul (2001), "perhaps there were tricks we could learn that would one day
allow us to prevent the rejection of transplanted organs" such as kidneys.

Yet quite apart from the problem of rejection, there were huge technical
problems to overcome in moving from comparatively simple skin grafts to whole
organ transplants. An organ cannot survive for long without a blood supply, and
nerves, tissue and blood vessels have to be painstakingly reconnected. Most
surgeons thought that organ transplants were a pipe dream.

After the war Murray moved to Peter Bent Brigham Hospital in Boston, where,
practising on dogs, he pioneered new techniques involving the reconnection of
nerves, tissues and blood vessels and carried out a number of successful kidney
transplants on the animals. In December 1954 the opportunity to operate on a
human patient presented itself in the form of Richard Herrick, a 23 year-old
dying of chronic nephritis who happened to have an identical twin brother who
was willing to donate a kidney.

Murray prepared thoroughly, even (in an age before DNA testing) having the
brothers fingerprinted by the Boston Police Department to ensure that they were
identical, not fraternal, twins.

He also held meetings with doctors, religious leaders and lawyers to explore the
ethical issues involved in subjecting a healthy human being to potentially risky
surgery, and carried out a test transplant using dead bodies.

The operation, carried out on December 23, went without a hitch. Less than 90
minutes after one surgical team removed the donated kidney, Murray had connected
it to Richard Herrick's blood vessels. As the new kidney turned a healthy pink,
"there were grins all around" in the operating room, Murray recalled. Richard
Herrick lived for eight more years until the kidney disease recurred. His
brother never felt any ill effects from his donation.

Despite the success, Murray faced enormous problems. People accused him of
"playing God", and his breakthrough did not solve the problem of rejection that
would affect any patient without an identical twin. In the late 1950s his team
attempted several kidney transplants from unrelated donors by weakening the
patients' immune systems with radiation. But the radiation was so debilitating
that two of the first three patients quickly died. The third, however, who in
1959 received a kidney transplant from a fraternal twin, plus radiation and a
bone-marrow transplant to suppress his immune response, lived for 29 more years.

It was the development of immunosuppressant drugs that made real progress
possible. In 1959 Murray heard about an experiment in which scientists had
injected an anti-cancer drug, Imuran, into dogs to trick their immune systems
into accepting a foreign protein while not preventing them from attacking other
germs, and he determined to try the drug on human kidney transplant patients.
But there was no guidance on how much of the drug to use and the first three
patients treated with Imuran died.

By 1962, however, Murray had worked out the correct dosage  and the fourth
patient, a 23-year-old accountant, survived after being given a kidney from an
unrelated donor with the same blood type who had died on the operating table.
The results were published in the New England Journal of Medicine in 1963,
ushering in a new era in transplant surgery.

The son of a judge, Joseph Edward Murray was born on April 1 1919 at Milford,
Massachusetts. He studied Medicine at Harvard Medical School, from which he
graduated in 1943, joining the US Army Medical Corps the following year.

In 1971 Murray resigned as head of transplant surgery at Peter Bent Brigham
Hospital to concentrate on plastic surgery, and over the years he treated
hundreds of children and adults with severe facial deformities.

A devout Roman Catholic, Murray was a member of the Pontifical Academy of
Sciences, which advises the Vatican on scientific issues. He donated his share
of the Nobel Prize to Harvard Medical School and to the hospitals where he had
worked.

In 1945 he married Virginia Link, who survives him with their six children.

Joseph Murray, born April 1 1919, died November 26 2012

LOAD-DATE: November 28, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Murray: He carried out the first kidney transplant between identical
twins and later found ways to overcome the problem of immune rejection between
unrelated donors
KARL SCHOENDORFER / REX FEATURES

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DTL


                  Copyright 2012 Telegraph Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             475 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    November 4, 1996, Monday, FINAL EDITION

Help for Yelstin's heart The typical bypass -- before, during and after

BYLINE: Tim Friend

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 1D

LENGTH: 1217 words

DATELINE: SPRINGFIELD, Mo.


SPRINGFIELD, Mo. -- Missouri is a long way from Moscow, but the
open heart bypass surgery being performed here is nearly identical
to the one Boris Yeltsin is expected to undergo any day.

As the scalpel opens the ailing Russian leader's chest, perhaps
as soon as Tuesday or Wednesday morning, the same techniques used
routinely here at one of the Midwest's busiest bypass centers
suddenly will capture the world's attention.

Yeltsin has suffered chest pain for at least two years and he
had a major heart attack last July. But experts predict that Yeltsin's
surgery will go smoothly and that his chances of recovery are
excellent.


"If you believe everything that has been said publicly, his risk
should be quite low, in the 2%-3% range for mortality," says
Dr. Timothy Gardner, chief of cardiovascular surgery at the University
of Pennsylvania.

"His mortality risk is less than 5%, and his chances are excellent,"
says bypass surgery pioneer Michael DeBakey, a consultant on the
case who arrived in Moscow on Sunday.

Yeltsin, 65, will undergo a triple or quadruple bypass surgery
to restore blood flow to his heart -- the same kind of surgery
more than 300,000 Americans undergo each year.

The coronary arteries surround the heart and supply oxygen-rich
blood to it. When blockages form, they restrict that flow. The
heart muscle responds by weakening and sending signals of pain.
Bypass surgery creates new channels for the blood to get to the
heart.

Although Yeltsin's blockages are life-threatening, DeBakey says
they are typical and technically easy to repair.

If Yeltsin suffers no major complications, experts say he should
recover quickly. Most people who undergo bypass surgery are able
to leave the hospital in less than a week.

DeBakey says Yeltsin suffered significant damage to his heart
from the heart attack but has recovered enough to undergo a bypass.

With the world focused this week on Yeltsin's bypass surgery,
USA TODAY went into the operating room to observe the procedure
at St. John's Regional Health Care Center on a patient who has
heart blockages nearly identical to Yeltsin's. No two patients
are the same, but the technical aspects of the typically four-hour
operation vary little.

7:30 a.m.:

Orderlies wheel a heavily sedated man into surgical suite 17.
Trays and tables of sterile instruments are waiting. The anesthesia
team spends the next 30 minutes preparing the patient, then puts
him to sleep. Nurses prep the chest and legs with antimicrobial
soaps for 10 minutes. Sterile sheets are laid over the body, covering
all but the chest and legs.

Outside the OR suite, heart surgeon James Pinckley observes the
activity through a window. He does this operation nearly 200 times
a year.

After five minutes of scrubbing his hands and forearms, he enters
the room.

Now, the action begins.

8:30 a.m.:

Pinckley takes a scalpel and makes an incision along the breast
bone, or sternum. An electric cautery seals severed blood vessels
and keeps the incision dry.

Pinckley takes an electrical saw and cuts, revealing the beating
heart inside its protective sac.

Although they did not do it in the St. John's patient, in Yeltsin's
case the surgery team is expected to separate an artery from the
chest wall. It will become the main bypass graft.

Another member of the surgical team makes an incision in the leg.
He removes the saphenous vein for the other bypass grafts.

By 8:55 a.m., the team is ready to place the patient on the heart/lung
machine, also known as the pump. It circulates blood to the brain
and body during the operation.

"Knife."

Pinckley cuts a hole smaller than a dime into the aorta above
the heart and inserts tubing called the arterial cannula. He sews
it in place. It returns blood to the body from the pump.

A second tube is inserted to divert blood away from the body during
surgery. As blood enters the pump, carbon dioxide is removed and
oxygen is added, just as the lungs do.

Pinckley now places a large clamp across the aorta just above
the heart to isolate it from the rest the body. The heart is now
"bypassed," and the pump is doing its work.

Next, he infuses the heart with a cold potassium solution. The
solution protects the heart during the operation and causes it
to stop beating.

9:30 a.m.:

Pinckley takes a fine-pointed scalpel and makes tiny incisions
on the heart's arteries below the blockages.

A technician holds the heart with her hand and spreads the muscle
between her fingers to fully expose the tiny incisions.

"Stitch."

Pinckley now places tiny synthetic sutures the width of several
human hairs through the "distal" end of the graft and then through
the edges of the tiny incisions. Usually, surgeons take 10 to
15 minutes to sew each end of a graft to the heart.

Next, he makes three small holes in the aorta above the blockages
and begins sewing the "promiximal" ends of the grafts. This
process is repeated for each blockage.

When completed, blood will be able to flow from the aorta into
the grafts around the blockages to the heart muscle at the distal
ends.

10:30 a.m.:

The grafts are attached now, and Pinckley ensures there are no
leaks. Satisfied, he removes the clamp from the aorta and blood
begins to fill the heart. Normally the heart begins to beat again.

After the heart appears stable, Pinckley instructs the people
operating the heart/ lung machine to "come off the pump."

This is the most critical moment for Yeltsin and all other bypass
patients. If the heart is strong enough and no damage has occurred
during the procedure, it should be beating normally. That's what
happens now.

But if the heart is "stunned" and cannot beat on its own, surgeons
will insert a mechanical device as a temporary artificial heart
until the heart recovers, usually within 24 to 72 hours.

If this is necessary, the patient later must return to the operating
room to have device removed. An artificial heart device will be
on standby during Yeltsin's surgery.

11:30 a.m.:

The heart is stable, and all incisions have been closed and bandaged.
The anesthesia team brings the patient back to semiconsciousness.
Narcotics relieve the pain.

Most patients spend 24 hours in intensive care, but Yeltsin may
be kept longer just to be safe. Most patients are fully recovered
by six to eight weeks.

The single greatest complication for any patient after bypass
surgery is stroke and more subtle impairments of brain function,
says Julie A. Swain, chief of thoracic surgery at the University
of Kentucky, Lexington.

The risk of stroke is only 1%-2% during the operation. But 40%
to 70% of all bypass patients have subtle brain impairments after
surgery. The changes, such as minor loss of memory or dexterity,
are not usually serious.

But, "it's the thing I would worry about if President Clinton
was having heart surgery," Swain says. " 'Is this fellow neurologically
OK to govern?' "

How long will Yeltsin's grafts last? On average, grafts last five
to 10 years. But patients who drink and smoke after a bypass --
and Yeltsin reportedly is a heavy drinker -- can shorten the life
span of a graft to a year.

LOAD-DATE: November 04, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, Color, Dave Merrill and Gary Visgaitis, USA TODAY, Source: USA
TODAY Research(Diagram); EAR PHOTO, Color, AP; PHOTO, Color, AP; (EAR) Yeltsin:
Chances for recovery excellent Yeltsin: Faces surgery any day now

TYPE: Cover story

                      Copyright 1996 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             476 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Medical Device Daily

                            November 4, 2011 Friday

TriVascular gets FDA approval for Ovation stent graft under HDE

LENGTH: 765 words

Medical Device Daily Staff Writer

TriVascular (Santa Rosa, California) reported the approval of the Ovation
Abdominal Stent Graft System by the FDA under a Humanitarian Device Exemption
(HDE). This is the first HDE granted by the FDA in the field of Abdominal Aortic
Aneurysm (AAA) treatment. With this approval, patients previously ineligible for
Endovascular Aneurysm Repair (EVAR) will gain access to a minimally invasive
therapy.

"We're enthusiastic because it gives us the opportunity to provide this therapy
for patients in the U.S.," Vivek Jayaraman VP, Commercial Operations told
Medical Device Daily. It's a real validation of the product itself."

Under the HDE, Ovation is approved for use in patients with access vessels of
less than 7 mm in diameter and aortic necks with lengths of at least 7mm and
diameters between 15.5 mm and 17.4 mm. The FDA approved the 20 mm Ovation system
for use in patients with iliac or femoral artery access of fewer than 7 mm and
an aorta with an inner diameter between 15.5 mm and 17.4 mm. The 20 mm Ovation
system is contraindicated for use in patients with an infection that threatens
to infect the graft and in patients who have allergies to the device materials.
The Ovation stent graft should not be used in patients who are unable to undergo
the necessary preoperative and postoperative imaging studies.

"The design and available sizing of the Ovation Abdominal Stent Graft are well
suited to treat patients with small aortic anatomy who are currently left
without less invasive treatment options," said Michael Dake, MD, Professor of
Cardiothoracic Surgery and Medical Director, Catheterization and Angiography
Laboratories, Stanford University Hospital (Stanford, California). "Coupled with
Ovation's extremely low profile, 14F OD delivery system, this Humanitarian Use
Device will expand treatment options for patient groups currently underserved by
EVAR, such as women."

The company said that it hoped to gain a full FDA approval for the device by the
end of next year.

"We are continuing down the path of acheiving full FDA approval by the end of
next calendar year . . . 2012," Jayaraman said. "That might happen in the
earlier part of Q4. You always get a little bit hesitant about guessing
regulatory clearance."

TriVascular's Ovation abdominal stent graft system was launched commercially in
Europe in Jan. 2011. In the U.S., the pivotal study of the Ovation Abdominal
Stent Graft completed enrollment in March 2011. Enrollment in the Continued
Access study is ongoing.

If the firm gains full FDA approval for Ovation, then it has the potential to
serve a $1 billion worldwide market.

"The worldwide market for Endovascular AAA repair is on the order of $1 billion
U.S. dollars. It's a very big market and it's growing at a very healthy clip,"
he said. "It's very atypical if you think of other cardiovascular device
markets. Whether it's implantable pacemakers and defibrillators or coronary drug
eluting stents, there are a lot of concerns about over utilization, a lot of
those markets are starting to shrink. There's obviously a ton of enthusiasm
about transcatheter valves especially with Edwards [Irvine, California] reaching
their approval, but still there are reimbursement and regulatory issues and they
have to be fully sorted out at this time."

Jayaraman added "Triple AAA EVAR by contrast is a big market and the regulatory
paths are fairly well known and established and there is a significant amount of
clinical unmet need."

But even though the market opportunity for the company is large, there is still
some stiff competition in the sector according to Larry Haimovitch, president of
Haimovitch Medical Technology Consultants (Mill Valley, California) and a
regular contributor to MDD.

"It is a significant market," Haimovitch told MDD. "That's the good news for
TriVascular. The bad news for TriVascular is that they're the 5th one in the
market and there's some really good technology and some really good players
there."

Medtronic (Minneapolis), Cook (Bloomington, Indiana) Gore & Associates
(Flagstaff, Arizona) and Endologix (Irvine, California) all have competing
products in the space.

Jayaraman told MDD that despite there being well established players, the
company believes it has put Ovation in a position where many U.S.- based
clinicians will gravitate toward the device.

"We believe from the evidence of our commercial experience in Europe that we
feel very confident clinicians will gravitate to our product," he said. "Our
success in the European market gives us the confidence that we know what it
takes to win."

LOAD-DATE: November 22, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                          Copyright 2011 AHC Media LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             477 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Medical Device Daily

                           January 19, 2012 Thursday

Product Briefs

LENGTH: 690 words


o Excelitas Technologies (Wheeling, Illinois) introduced the latest LED Fiber
Optic Illuminator Module in its XLM Series specifically designed for integration
into OEM Medical device applications. The product is manufactured in Excelitas
Technologies' Wheeling facility. The new XLM Plus LED Fiber Optic Light Module
with Electronics offers light output that is comparable to 180 W Xenon sources,
yet with the advantages of LED lighting, which include long life, less heat
output than Xenon, and virtually no ultraviolet or infrared radiation, which
eliminates the need for filtering. The XLM Plus LED Light Module is compliant
with medical safety standards IEC/EN 60601-1 and EN60601-1-2. The unit includes
integrated electronic circuitry for safety alarms, error mode and power status
indicators.

o Laboratory Corporation of America Holdings (LabCorp; Burlington, North
Carolina) reported the availability of a new FDA-cleared risk stratification
tool (ROMA, Risk of Ovarian Malignancy Algorithm) that combines the results for
Fujirebio HE4, Abbott's Architect CA 125 II, and menopausal status into a
numerical score that, along with clinical and radiological evaluation, can aid
in evaluating whether a woman over the age of 18 who presents with an ovarian
mass and for whom surgery is planned is at high or low likelihood of finding
malignancy on surgery. ROMA is intended to aid in assessing whether a
premenopausal or postmenopausal woman who presents with an ovarian adnexal mass
is at high or low likelihood of finding malignancy on surgery. ROMA is indicated
for women who meet the following criteria: over age 18, ovarian adnexal mass
present for which surgery is planned, and not yet referred to an oncologist.
ROMA must be interpreted in conjunction with an independent clinical and
radiological assessment. The test is not intended as a screening or stand-alone
diagnostic assay.

o Teleflex (Limerick, Pennsylvania) has expanded its interventional access
portfolio with the Arrow NextStep Antegrade catheter, now available for sale in
the U.S. The Arrow NextStep Antegrade is a chronic hemodialysis catheter that
combines a step-tip catheter's ease of insertion with a split-tip catheter's
sustained high flow. Its unique tip is designed for smooth, over-the-wire
transitions during catheter insertions and exchanges. The Arrow chronic
hemodialysis catheter portfolio offers both split-tip and step-tip catheters for
both retrograde and antegrade insertion techniques. The Arrow NextStep product
family consists of step-tip catheters that can be tunneled using the retrograde
or antegrade technique. The Arrow Cannon II Plus and the Arrow Edge products are
split-tip catheters that can be tunneled retrograde or antegrade, respectively.

o W.L. Gore (Flagstaff, Arizona) reported expanded FDA approved usage for an
endovascular graft to include treatment of life-threatening tears or ruptures of
the aorta (thoracic aortic transection). The Gore TAG Thoracic Endoprosthesis is
an endovascular graft designed to treat a variety of thoracic lesions, including
dangerously large bulges in the aorta (aneurysms) as well as thoracic aortic
transections. The expanded approval of the Gore TAG endovascular graft provides
surgeons with a minimally invasive and potentially less risky alterative to open
chest surgery for the treatment of thoracic aortic transection and other
lesions, the company said. An endovascular graft is a fabric tube supported with
a metal mesh frame. The endovascular graft is compressed into a long, thin,
tube-like delivery catheter. The catheter is inserted into an artery in the leg
and directed through the arteries to the site of the rupture or tear, where the
endovascular graft is released. Once released, the endovascular graft expands
against the wall of the aorta to redirect blood flow away from the tear or
rupture. FDA first approved the Gore TAG in 2005 to treat aortic aneurysms to
reduce the risk of rupture. The expanded approval represents the latest design,
which features materials that conform to the bends and angles common in the area
where thoracic aortic transections typically occur.

LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                          Copyright 2012 AHC Media LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             478 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                                     Graft

                  Harlan Business Park, Goatmill Road cf48 3td
                                 United Kingdom

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: +44 1685 376633
URL: www.graftheating.co.uk

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: 12

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   For 5yrs Graft has been providing top quality heating and plumbing services
to business and residential properties throughout Merthyr Tydfil and Rhondda
Cynon Taff. Simply put, Graft has the expertise to handle any job you may have
within the heating and plumbing sector. Graft is a local firm who's
professionalism across the board shows in everything they do, whether it's a
simple pipe that needs replacing or a complete home or business overhaul, Graft
can handle the job in a confident and cost effective way.  Every job carried out
is quality controlled to an extremely high standard and all engineers are Corgi
registered. Graft has worked with many Local authorities and has gained a
reputation that's second to none in both work ethic and training, this reflects
on Graft's membership with Construction line (www.constructionline.co.uk), an
independent body that pre vets companies within the construction industry making
sure they meet the high criteria needed to tender for work prior to contract.
As well as top quality guaranteed work Graft provides a 2 hour call out and
promises to beat any 'Like for Like' quote submitted.  With over 15yrs
experience and a work ideal that's professional and customer friendly Graft is
the only company to contact for all your heating and plumbing requirements.
Don't Delay call Graft today on 01685 359892 and let us do the hard GRAFT for
you!

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE: USD 2,400,000

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                             479 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Medical Device Daily

                             April 26, 2004 Monday

Medtronic begins trial of new filter system in angioplasty

LENGTH: 832 words


Medtronic begins trial of new filter system in angioplasty

By HOLLAND JOHNSON  Medical Device Daily Associate Managing Editor  In an
initiative to advance its leadership in technologies designed to reduce the risk
associated with interventional procedures in aging bypass grafts on the surface
of the heart, Medtronic (Minneapolis, Minnesota) disclosed an ongoing patient
enrollment in the AMEthyst pivotal clinical trial for the investigational
Interceptor Coronary Filter System.

Data from the trial will be used to support an application for clearance by the
FDA, and Medtronic noted that such a clearance would make it the world's only
company supplying physicians with a full line of embolic protection devices
employing filter as well as balloon occlusion and aspiration technologies.

An estimated 300,000 U.S. patients undergo about 500,000 coronary artery bypass
grafting (CABG) procedures each year. In about 60% of these procedures,
saphenous vein sections from the legs have been harvested and repositioned to
replace blocked or diseased sections of arteries that nourish the heart muscle.
The improved blood flow gives patients a new lease on life but, unfortunately,
about half of these grafts also can become blocked or diseased over time.
Moreover, they can become blocked by fragile, brittle and "friable" atheromous
material as they age, and these blockages can release showers of embolic debris
during subsequent angioplasty to keep blood flowing through them.

The AMEthyst (Assessment of the Medtronic AVE Interceptor Saphenous Vein Graft
Filter System) trial will evaluate the investigational Medtronic Interceptor
Coronary Filter System for its ability to trap this clot-causing debris, which
can result in blockage of tiny tributary vessels and trigger "microinfarcts,"
tiny heart attacks that destroy areas of heart muscle.

Dean Kereiakes, MD, of Christ Hospital (Cincinnati, Ohio) is co-principal
investigator with Campbell Rogers, MD, of Brigham and Women's Hospital (Boston,
Massachusetts).

"One of the most critical factors with any filter system is to maintain the
highest possible blood flow while trapping debris, and my experience with the
initial patients in this study is very encouraging in this regard," Kereiakes
said. "I'm optimistic that the device's extremely low profile and exceptional
blood flow characteristics should be beneficial for patients facing this
procedure and that this trial will demonstrate the safety and efficacy of the
Interceptor device."

Physicians at 60 U.S. institutions will enroll 600 patients who will undergo
angioplasty and stenting to treat heart disease caused by stenotic lesions in
their saphenous vein grafts. The patients will be randomized to treatment with
the new investigational Interceptor filter system or the company's currently
approved and marketed GuardWire Temporary Occlusion and Aspiration System. Both
devices have received CE mark approval.

"The AMEthyst study demonstrates the Medtronic commitment to a market that will
grow rapidly as various interventional technologies emerge for treatment of
other specific clinical indications and anatomical considerations as well as
aging coronary arteries," said Bill Hawkins, president of Medtronic Vascular
(Santa Rosa, California). "Safe use of new and existing catheters and stents
will increasingly depend on effective management of downstream effects."

During the procedure, physicians deploy the Interceptor through a groin
incision, maneuvering it into place downstream from the graft before performing
conventional balloon angioplasty. This device, mounted on a wire with a diameter
of a small paperclip, carries a spring-loaded, braided nitinol filter with pores
of 100 microns.

Unlike distal protection systems incorporating balloons that temporarily block
blood flow, the Interceptor system filters the blood as it flows through. After
the procedure, the filter is collapsed to encapsulate the debris, which then is
withdrawn from the body.

The GuardWire system, the comparison and control device for the AMEthyst trial,
is designed to trap debris by stopping blood flow. Debris is trapped behind an
inflated balloon from where it can be aspirated from the body with suction.

Data will be collected on each patient after 30 days to provide information on
any major adverse cardiac events (heart attack, coronary artery surgery, etc.)
and on blood flow in the artery treated with angioplasty and stenting while
using these distal protection devices.

This information will be compared with that from the landmark Saphenous Vein
Graft Angioplasty Free of Emboli Randomized (SAFER) study reported in March 2002
in the journal Circulation.

The 801-patient, U.S.-based multicenter SAFER trial tested the GuardWire system,
which demonstrated a 42% relative reduction in major adverse clinical events
among patients undergoing diseased saphenous vein graft stenting. It was cleared
by the FDA for commercial marketing in June 2001.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                          Copyright 2004 AHC Media LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             480 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                            October 19, 2012 Friday
                                  Main Edition

Bites

BYLINE: John Kessler, Jenny Turknett, Jon Watson; Staff, For the AJC

SECTION: GO GUIDE; Pg. 3D

LENGTH: 194 words


F&B review

Have you eaten at F&B Atlanta? Owner Fabrice Vergez used to run Brasserie Le
Coze in Lenox Square. When Neiman Marcus gobbled up its space, Vergez rebooted
his restaurant downtown as FAB Atlanta. Though it had much of the same hallmarks
, it wasn't the same. Now Vergez is back with F&B Atlanta. Join our blog about
Vergez's newest incarnation of this restaurant.

John Kessler

Graft review

I recently reviewed Graft Restaurant in Grayson. A farm-to-table spot with
edible landscaping in a 100-year-old home, it's a departure from other options
in the area. Graft is one to watch --- one that is sourcing locally, making its
own stocks and ricotta, pickling its own fruits and curing its own meats. Have
you tried Graft? Let us know what you think on our blog.

Jenny Turknett

New growler store

Residents of Sandy Springs now have a shorter drive to pick up a jug of their
favorite craft beers. Moondog Growlers recently opened its third location,
starting with the Marietta location in February. The range of beers runs wide
and changes often, but Moondog makes sure to focus on some of the great Georgia
breweries like Sandy Springs' own O'Dempsey's.

Jon Watson

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2012 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                             481 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                           December 8, 2016 Thursday

Rex Medical, L.P. (Pennsylvania) applies for US Patent titled as "VASCULAR
DEVICE"

LENGTH: 213 words

DATELINE: New York


ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an
application no. 20160346453 for US Patent, published on December 1, 2016, by Rex
Medical, L.P. (Pennsylvania), titled as "VASCULAR DEVICE"  for the registration
of patent.



Inventors: MCGUCKIN, JR.; JAMES F.; (Radnor, PA) ; DeFonzo; Stephan A.; (Wayne,
PA)

Applicant: Rex Medical, L.P.   Conshohocken   PA   US (Pennsylvania)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
vascular device for reducing blood flow in a first vessel or a first graft to
enable increased blood flow in a second vessel or second graft. The vascular
device includes a support structure having a proximal portion, a distal portion
and an intermediate portion, the support structure movable from a reduced
profile insertion position to an expanded placement position. A covering
material is supported by the structure, the intermediate portion in the expanded
position having a transverse dimension less than a transverse dimension of the
proximal and distal portions to restrict blood flow through the device and
thereby increase blood flow to the second vessel or second graft. A method or
reducing blood flow in one vessel or graft and increasing blood flow in another
vessel or graft is also disclosed."


LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             482 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                   Shelton-Mason County Journal (Washington)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               December 22, 2011

Kenneth Alan Graft

BYLINE: Shelton-Mason County Journal staff

LENGTH: 141  words


Kenneth Alan Graft, PhD, 54, died Tuesday, Dec. 6, at home of natural causes. He
was a resident of the Skokomish Nation for 12 years.

He was born on Aug. 27, 1957 in Las Animas, Colo., to Allen and Lou Graft.

He married Bonnie Graft on February 29, 2000 at Skokomish Nation.

He taught at Georgetown University, Texas A & M and Olympic College and taught
at Jemez Pueblo High School, N.M. He was an author and artist.

He is survived by wife Bonnie Graft and grandnephew James, who the family shared
they lovingly called son; three children from two previous marriages daughters
Janine and Olivia; son Phillip; three sisters; and his parents; one niece and
two nephews.

Forest Funeral Home of Shelton is handling the arrangements.

Memorial donations can be made to Parent-to-Parent Support Program of Thurston |
County, 1012 Homann Drive SE, Lacey, WA 98513.

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Obituary

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SMC

                      Copyright 2011 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                  Copyright 2011 Shelton-Mason County Journal


                             483 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              DAILY MAIL (London)

                             July 5, 2012 Thursday

OVARY GRAFTS FOR A LATER MOTHERHOOD

BYLINE: BY JENNY HOPE

LENGTH: 493 words


WOMEN could delay having babies and the menopause with an ovary transplant,
according to the surgeon who carried out the first such operation.

Similar techniques are currently used to save the ovaries of those being treated
for cancer, but Dr Sherman Silber predicted transplants or grafts for social
reasons were a realistic option for preserving fertility.

In 2007 the US microsurgeon transplanted an ovary from one twin to another who
had become infertile. The 38-year-old woman gave birth following year.

Transplanting ovaries or ovarian tissue is currently used to help women and
girls undergoing cancer treatment to preserve their fertility.

The drugs used to treat cancer may destroy ovaries, so slices of tissue are
taken in advance and frozen. They can be re-implanted when the woman is ready to
start a family.

So far 22 women have given birth after having their ovarian tissue restored. The
latest success was achieved in Italy seven years after a 21-year-old woman had
ovarian tissue frozen before cancer treatment.

Details were released at the annual meeting of the European Society of Human
Reproduction and Embryology in Istanbul.

Dr Silber, who practises at the Infertility Center of Saint Louis, Missouri,
presented data on three women who had frozen and thawed ovary grafts and nine
who had fresh ovary grafts, usually donated by relatives.

One woman had ovarian tissue implanted to treat premature menopause caused by
cancer drugs, while another had a graft to treat a naturally premature
menopause.

Eight babies have been born in total to the women, with one graft lasting seven
years so far.

Dr Silber said: Transplanted ovarian tissue can robustly restore menstrual
cycles and fertility and may even in the future be used to postpone the normal
time of menopause or to alleviate its symptoms.' It was a remedy for severe bone
loss caused by premature menopause because the new ovary would supply the body's
missing hormones, he added.

Women going through a premature menopause in their 20s or 30s are currently
offered Hormone Replacement Therapy to alleviate symptoms. Dr Silber has
previously claimed ovary transplants could be a solution to the increase in
fertility problems caused by career women putting off having children.

In 2008 he predicted women who had an ovary frozen in their 20s could look
forward to the best of all worlds.

A young ovary can be transplanted back at any time and it will extend fertility
and delay the menopause. You could even wait until you were 47,' he said.

However, British experts said ovarian transplant techniques were originally
developed to help women facing infertility through cancer treatment and this was
likely to remain the case for the foreseeable future.

Prof Nick Macklon, medical director of the Complete Fertility Centre,
Southampton, said freezing ovarian tissue for social reasons raised ethical
issues that would need to be debated by society as well as doctors.

j.hope@dailymail.co.uk

© Daily Mail

LOAD-DATE: July 4, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Papers


                   Copyright 2012 Associated Newspapers Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             484 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                          September 23, 1999 Thursday

Pioneering procedure could reverse menopause

BYLINE: Reuters News Agency and Staff; REUT STAFF

SECTION: SCIENCE; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 525 words


British and U.S. scientists may have found a way to reverse menopause through
ovarian tissue grafts that let older women bear children and fight other effects
of aging.

Professor Roger Gosden of England's Leeds University, hailed by the Daily
Telegraph of London as the mastermind of the development, is to give details on
Monday when he presents a paper at a scientific meeting in Toronto.

In today's editions, the Telegraph says that a pioneering graft was done in New
York in February by Dr. Kutluk Oktay, who had worked with Prof. Gosden. The
operation put back some of a U.S. woman's own ovarian tissue.

The surgeon is to speak in the same session on Monday at a joint annual meeting
of the American Society for Reproductive Medicine and the Canadian Fertility and
Andrology Society at the Toronto Convention Centre.

The woman who received the graft had one ovary removed at age 17 because of a
cyst.  The other was removed on the advice of a doctor in Arizona last year for
what the Telegraph calls a hormone-related complaint, and was frozen. The
symptoms of menopause that then began were so unpleasant that she opted to have
the tissue replaced, it says. It says the procedure also opens the way to
transplants of ovarian tissue from donors, victims of fatal accidents or aborted
fetuses.

"This is proof of the principle that ovary grafts could be used to rescue
fertility," Prof. Gosden is quoted as saying. "There is no reason why ovaries
could not be stored for decades."

There is a good chance the grafted tissue would continue to function long after
the menopausal age, he is quoted as saying.

The newspaper says grafts might even help to arrest aging by pumping out
hormones that are often prescribed in pill, patch or implant form after
menopause to help women preserve healthy bones and arteries, among other
benefits. Some experts think ovarian grafts would work better than those
methods, it says.

Canadian researchers are pursuing another possible way to hold back the
biological clock.

Dr. Robert Casper, head of reproductive sciences at the University of Toronto
and Toronto General Hospital, has used mice to incubate human eggs to maturity
outside a woman's body, opening up the possibility that immature eggs could be
stored for later use.

Storing mature eggs has been difficult because they tend to suffer freezer burn.
It may eventually be feasible for a young woman to freeze her immature eggs, let
them mature in a mouse when she is ready for parenthood, have them fertilized
with sperm in a test tube and have the embryo embedded in her womb.

Although scientists have frozen sperm for 50 years and nurtured embryos in test
tubes for two decades, progress with eggs has until now been slow.

One U.S. specialist has acknowledged that many people will balk at the concept
of "a woman freezing eggs at 18 and having kids at 95" because nature did not
intend it.

"But women are no longer living just to 49," Paul Magarelli, a Colorado Springs
reproductive endocrinologist, has said. "The average life span is about 86, and
a whole part of their life is spent without eggs, yet they are healthy, and to
restrict them does not seem reasonable."

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1999 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             485 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 28, 2017 Saturday

FDA Enforcement Report: AFX Endovascular AAA System, Endoleak Type IIIA Common
Name: AFX Bifurcated and Accessory Stent Grafts Classification Name: System,
Endovascular Graft, Aortic Aneurysm Treatment The AFX Endovascular AAA System is
intended for endovascular treatment of patients with abdominal aortic or
aortoiliac aneurysms (AAA).

LENGTH: 258  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Food and Drug Administration, The Government of USA has issued
the following enforcement report:



 Product Description:





 AFX Endovascular AAA System, Endoleak Type IIIA Common Name: AFX Bifurcated and
Accessory Stent Grafts Classification Name: System, Endovascular Graft, Aortic
Aneurysm Treatment The AFX Endovascular AAA System is intended for endovascular
treatment of patients with abdominal aortic or aortoiliac aneurysms (AAA).



 Reason for Recall:



 Endologix updated the Instructions for Use (IFU) and implemented modifications
to the AFX Endovascular AAA System (AFX System).



 Product Quantity:



 null



 Recall Number:



 Z-1037-2017



 Code Information:



 The correction is not lot specific. It applies to AFX procedures conducted
after July 2015



 Classification:

 Class II

 Event Details



 Event ID:



 76086



 Voluntary / Mandated:



 Voluntary: Firm Initiated



 Product Type:



 Devices



 Initial Firm Notification of Consignee or Public:



 Letter



 Status:



 Ongoing



 Distribution Pattern:



 Worldwide Distribution - US (nationwide) and Internationally to Austria,
Belgium, Czech Republic, France, Germany, Greece, Ireland, Israel, Italy,
Latvia, Luxembourg, Monaco, Netherlands, Poland, Portugal, Spain, Sweden,
Switzerland, Turkey, and United Kingdom.



 Recalling Firm:



 Endologix

 35 Hammond

 Irvine, CA 92618-1607

 United States



 Recall Initiation Date:



 12/27/2016



 Center Classification Date:



 1/18/2017



 Date Terminated:



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             486 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 28, 2017 Saturday

FDA Enforcement Report: AFX Endovascular AAA System, Endoleak Type IIIB Common
Name: AFX Bifurcated and Accessory Stent Grafts Classification Name: System,
Endovascular Graft, Aortic Aneurysm Treatment

LENGTH: 296  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Food and Drug Administration, The Government of USA has issued
the following enforcement report:



 Product Description:





 AFX Endovascular AAA System, Endoleak Type IIIB Common Name: AFX Bifurcated and
Accessory Stent Grafts Classification Name: System, Endovascular Graft, Aortic
Aneurysm Treatment



 Reason for Recall:



 Endologix updated the Instructions for Use (IFU) and implemented modifications
to the AFX Endovascular AAA System (AFX System).



 Product Quantity:



 17,139 devices



 Recall Number:



 Z-1054-2017



 Code Information:



 "AFX Duraply Lot Codes (July 2015 - Nov. 2016)" Lot Codes 1046835-013
1054635-010 1251688004 1251688010 1251688016 1251688023 1251688030 1251689010
1251689021 1251689027 1251690005 1251690018 1251690024 1251692020 1251692027
1251740006 1251740013 1251740020 1251740026 1251740032 1251740038 1251740044
1251740050 1251740056 1251741003 1251741010 1251741016 1251741023 1251741029
1251742006 1251742014 1251742022 1251742032 1251742038 1251742045 1251742052
1251742058 1251743005 1251743012 more...



 Classification:

 Class II

 Event Details



 Event ID:



 76106



 Voluntary / Mandated:



 Voluntary: Firm Initiated



 Product Type:



 Devices



 Initial Firm Notification of Consignee or Public:



 Letter



 Status:



 Ongoing



 Distribution Pattern:



 US, and worldwide: Austria, Belgium, Czech Republic, France, Germany, Greece,
Ireland, Israel, Italy, Latvia, Luxembourg, Monaco, Netherlands, Poland,
Portugal, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Turkey, United Kingdom.



 Recalling Firm:



 Endologix

 35 Hammond

 Irvine, CA 92618-1607

 United States



 Recall Initiation Date:



 12/27/2016



 Center Classification Date:



 1/19/2017



 Date Terminated:



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             487 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 28, 2017 Saturday

FDA Enforcement Report: AFX Endovascular AAA System, Endoleak Type IIIB Common
Name: AFX Bifurcated and Accessory Stent Grafts Classification Name: System,
Endovascular Graft, Aortic Aneurysm Treatment

LENGTH: 296  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Food and Drug Administration, The Government of USA has issued
the following enforcement report:



 Product Description:





 AFX Endovascular AAA System, Endoleak Type IIIB Common Name: AFX Bifurcated and
Accessory Stent Grafts Classification Name: System, Endovascular Graft, Aortic
Aneurysm Treatment



 Reason for Recall:



 Endologix updated the Instructions for Use (IFU) and implemented modifications
to the AFX Endovascular AAA System (AFX System).



 Product Quantity:



 17,139 devices



 Recall Number:



 Z-1054-2017



 Code Information:



 "AFX Duraply Lot Codes (July 2015 - Nov. 2016)" Lot Codes 1046835-013
1054635-010 1251688004 1251688010 1251688016 1251688023 1251688030 1251689010
1251689021 1251689027 1251690005 1251690018 1251690024 1251692020 1251692027
1251740006 1251740013 1251740020 1251740026 1251740032 1251740038 1251740044
1251740050 1251740056 1251741003 1251741010 1251741016 1251741023 1251741029
1251742006 1251742014 1251742022 1251742032 1251742038 1251742045 1251742052
1251742058 1251743005 1251743012 more...



 Classification:

 Class II

 Event Details



 Event ID:



 76106



 Voluntary / Mandated:



 Voluntary: Firm Initiated



 Product Type:



 Devices



 Initial Firm Notification of Consignee or Public:



 Letter



 Status:



 Ongoing



 Distribution Pattern:



 US, and worldwide: Austria, Belgium, Czech Republic, France, Germany, Greece,
Ireland, Israel, Italy, Latvia, Luxembourg, Monaco, Netherlands, Poland,
Portugal, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Turkey, United Kingdom.



 Recalling Firm:



 Endologix

 35 Hammond

 Irvine, CA 92618-1607

 United States



 Recall Initiation Date:



 12/27/2016



 Center Classification Date:



 1/19/2017



 Date Terminated:



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             488 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 28, 2017 Saturday

FDA Enforcement Report: AFX Endovascular AAA System, Endoleak Type IIIA Common
Name: AFX Bifurcated and Accessory Stent Grafts Classification Name: System,
Endovascular Graft, Aortic Aneurysm Treatment The AFX Endovascular AAA System is
intended for endovascular treatment of patients with abdominal aortic or
aortoiliac aneurysms (AAA).

LENGTH: 258  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Food and Drug Administration, The Government of USA has issued
the following enforcement report:



 Product Description:





 AFX Endovascular AAA System, Endoleak Type IIIA Common Name: AFX Bifurcated and
Accessory Stent Grafts Classification Name: System, Endovascular Graft, Aortic
Aneurysm Treatment The AFX Endovascular AAA System is intended for endovascular
treatment of patients with abdominal aortic or aortoiliac aneurysms (AAA).



 Reason for Recall:



 Endologix updated the Instructions for Use (IFU) and implemented modifications
to the AFX Endovascular AAA System (AFX System).



 Product Quantity:



 null



 Recall Number:



 Z-1037-2017



 Code Information:



 The correction is not lot specific. It applies to AFX procedures conducted
after July 2015



 Classification:

 Class II

 Event Details



 Event ID:



 76086



 Voluntary / Mandated:



 Voluntary: Firm Initiated



 Product Type:



 Devices



 Initial Firm Notification of Consignee or Public:



 Letter



 Status:



 Ongoing



 Distribution Pattern:



 Worldwide Distribution - US (nationwide) and Internationally to Austria,
Belgium, Czech Republic, France, Germany, Greece, Ireland, Israel, Italy,
Latvia, Luxembourg, Monaco, Netherlands, Poland, Portugal, Spain, Sweden,
Switzerland, Turkey, and United Kingdom.



 Recalling Firm:



 Endologix

 35 Hammond

 Irvine, CA 92618-1607

 United States



 Recall Initiation Date:



 12/27/2016



 Center Classification Date:



 1/18/2017



 Date Terminated:



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             489 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Star (South Africa)

                             June 16, 2012 Saturday
                                   E1 Edition

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 319 words


How is the skin grown?

The cloned skin is |called Epicel and is a humanitarian product made by biotech
company Genzyme, a Sanofi company. Ovals of skin were cut from Pippie Kruger's
buttocks and groin and sent to the Genzyme lab in Boston over three weeks ago.

Stem-cell grafts were laid onto inactive mouse cells, from which the mouse DNA
had been removed and which acts as scaffolding. The skin is grown rapidly in the
Genzyme lab in Boston and agents are used to mimic conditions in the human body
to promote normal cell growth and cell differentiation.

On average, 80 percent of the transplanted Epicel grafts will attach to the
underlying tissue. Should Pippie need additional grafts, skin grafts can be
grown from her original biopsied skin in the lab without the need for new
biopsies.

How did it get here?

There were two seats on the Delta Airlines flight from Boston to Joburg - one
for the cloned skin packed into the stainless-steel cooler and one for the
courier entrusted with the skin. The cooler had to remain upright.

Dr Alan Barrett of Genzyme in SA, waited for both to arrive.

There was only 24 hours until it started to disintegrate and mere minutes to get
it to Netcare Garden City Hospital for Monday's landmark operation.

Dr Barrett had sought special permission from the Health Department under the
Human Tissues Act, and because it was a first for SA, authorities were initially
stumped, but the permits came through.

"It was very exciting to be part of this," he said.

Netcare and the airport clinic at OR Tambo International identified the courier
on seat 14A, offloaded him like a VIP, put him into the ambulance waiting on the
runway and took him through customs in half an hour.

"We got from the airport to Garden City in 16 minutes," says Mande Toubkin, of
Netcare. "All the cars made way for us and a Flying Squad vehicle recognised us
on the highway and escorted us the entire way." - Sheree Bega

LOAD-DATE: June 16, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SS


                 Copyright 2012 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                             490 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                   Shelton-Mason County Journal (Washington)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               December 22, 2011

Kenneth Alan Graft

BYLINE: Shelton-Mason County Journal staff

LENGTH: 141  words


Kenneth Alan Graft, PhD, 54, died Tuesday, Dec. 6, at home of natural causes. He
was a resident of the Skokom ish Nation for 12 years.

He was born on Aug. 27, 1957 in Las Animas, Colo., to Allen and Lou Graft.

He married Bonnie Graft on February 29, 2000 at Skokomish Nation.

He taught at Georgetown University, Texas A&M and Olympic College and taught at
Jemez Pueblo High School, N.M. He was an author and artist.

He is survived by wife Bon nie Graft and grandnephew James, who the family
sharec they lovingly called son; three children from two previous marriages
daughters Janine and Olivia; son Phillip; three sisters; and his parents; one
niece and two nephews.

Forest Funeral Home of Shelton is handling the arrangements.

Memorial donations can be made to Parent-to-Parent Support Program of Thurston
County, 1012 Homann Drive SE, Lacey, WA 98513.

LOAD-DATE: February 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Obituary

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SMC

                      Copyright 2011 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                  Copyright 2011 Shelton-Mason County Journal


                             491 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 28, 2017 Saturday

FDA Enforcement Report: AFX Endovascular AAA System, Endoleak Type: IIIB Common
Name: AFX Bifurcated and Accessory Stent Grafts Classification Name: System,
Endovascular Graft, Aortic Aneurysm Treatment The AFX Endovascular AAA System is
intended for endovascular treatment of patients with abdominal aortic or
aortoiliac aneurysms (AAA).

LENGTH: 327  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Food and Drug Administration, The Government of USA has issued
the following enforcement report:



 Product Description:





 AFX Endovascular AAA System, Endoleak Type: IIIB Common Name: AFX Bifurcated
and Accessory Stent Grafts Classification Name: System, Endovascular Graft,
Aortic Aneurysm Treatment The AFX Endovascular AAA System is intended for
endovascular treatment of patients with abdominal aortic or aortoiliac aneurysms
(AAA).



 Reason for Recall:



 Endologix updated the Instructions for Use (IFU) and implemented modifications
to the AFX Endovascular AAA System (AFX System).



 Product Quantity:



 4,143 devices



 Recall Number:



 Z-1039-2017



 Code Information:



 "AFX2 Duraply Lot Codes (July 2015 - Nov. 2016)" Lot Codes 1298056012
1354736007 1354737005 1354738002 1354739002 1354739008 1354739020 1354739027
1354740011 1354745005 1354798002 1354798008 1354798014 1354799004 1354800001
1354800008 1354800014 1354801006 1354801013 1354802004 1354802010 1354804006
1354806001 1354806007 1354806019 1354806026 1354807003 1354807009 1354808003
1354808009 1354809009 1354809015 1354810008 1354810015 1354810022 1354859002
1354859009 1354859016 1354859025 more...



 Classification:

 Class II

 Event Details



 Event ID:



 76113



 Voluntary / Mandated:



 Voluntary: Firm Initiated



 Product Type:



 Devices



 Initial Firm Notification of Consignee or Public:



 Letter



 Status:



 Ongoing



 Distribution Pattern:



 Worldwide Distribution - US (nationwide) and Internationally to Austria,
Belgium, Czech Republic, France, Germany, Greece, Ireland, Israel, Italy,
Latvia, Luxembourg, Monaco, Netherlands, Poland, Portugal, Spain, Sweden,
Switzerland, Turkey, and United Kingdom.



 Recalling Firm:



 Endologix

 35 Hammond

 Irvine, CA 92618-1607

 United States



 Recall Initiation Date:



 12/27/2016



 Center Classification Date:



 1/19/2017



 Date Terminated:









 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             492 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 28, 2017 Saturday

FDA Enforcement Report: AFX Endovascular AAA System, Endoleak Type: IIIB Common
Name: AFX Bifurcated and Accessory Stent Grafts Classification Name: System,
Endovascular Graft, Aortic Aneurysm Treatment The AFX Endovascular AAA System is
intended for endovascular treatment of patients with abdominal aortic or
aortoiliac aneurysms (AAA).

LENGTH: 327  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Food and Drug Administration, The Government of USA has issued
the following enforcement report:



 Product Description:





 AFX Endovascular AAA System, Endoleak Type: IIIB Common Name: AFX Bifurcated
and Accessory Stent Grafts Classification Name: System, Endovascular Graft,
Aortic Aneurysm Treatment The AFX Endovascular AAA System is intended for
endovascular treatment of patients with abdominal aortic or aortoiliac aneurysms
(AAA).



 Reason for Recall:



 Endologix updated the Instructions for Use (IFU) and implemented modifications
to the AFX Endovascular AAA System (AFX System).



 Product Quantity:



 4,143 devices



 Recall Number:



 Z-1039-2017



 Code Information:



 "AFX2 Duraply Lot Codes (July 2015 - Nov. 2016)" Lot Codes 1298056012
1354736007 1354737005 1354738002 1354739002 1354739008 1354739020 1354739027
1354740011 1354745005 1354798002 1354798008 1354798014 1354799004 1354800001
1354800008 1354800014 1354801006 1354801013 1354802004 1354802010 1354804006
1354806001 1354806007 1354806019 1354806026 1354807003 1354807009 1354808003
1354808009 1354809009 1354809015 1354810008 1354810015 1354810022 1354859002
1354859009 1354859016 1354859025 more...



 Classification:

 Class II

 Event Details



 Event ID:



 76113



 Voluntary / Mandated:



 Voluntary: Firm Initiated



 Product Type:



 Devices



 Initial Firm Notification of Consignee or Public:



 Letter



 Status:



 Ongoing



 Distribution Pattern:



 Worldwide Distribution - US (nationwide) and Internationally to Austria,
Belgium, Czech Republic, France, Germany, Greece, Ireland, Israel, Italy,
Latvia, Luxembourg, Monaco, Netherlands, Poland, Portugal, Spain, Sweden,
Switzerland, Turkey, and United Kingdom.



 Recalling Firm:



 Endologix

 35 Hammond

 Irvine, CA 92618-1607

 United States



 Recall Initiation Date:



 12/27/2016



 Center Classification Date:



 1/19/2017



 Date Terminated:









 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             493 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                American Banker

                             April 26, 2013 Friday

Good Match Outweighs Distance in Texas-Iowa Deal

BYLINE: Chris Cumming

SECTION: MERGERS & ACQUISITIONS Vol. 178 No. F316

LENGTH: 791  words


Banking makes for strange bedfellows - especially these days.

Triumph Bancorp, a specialty lender in Dallas, announced Wednesday it would
acquire National Bancshares, a community banking company in Bettendorf, Iowa.
The pairing seems odd on the surface, but each recognized the other has
something it needs.

Triumph is a $301 million-asset bank with a booming factoring business that
seeks cheaper funding. National, meanwhile, has $945 million in assets and is
dealing with lending and equity issues.

"The things we're good at will be helpful to National, and the things they're
good at will be helpful to us," Triumph Chief Executive Aaron Graft said. "We
have excess capital, and National Bancshares has excess liquidity."

The deal highlights how in the current M&A market, there is something for
everybody - so long as buyers and sellers come with an open mind.

"This goes to show you that opportunistic buys are out there if you're willing
to look," says Daniel Bass, managing director at Performance Trust Capital
Partners. "This deal makes a lot of sense from both sides."

Other specialty finance companies, like CapitalSource (CSE), went on similar
hunts for deposit funding at the onset of the subprime meltdown. More recently,
Pacific Premier (PPBI), a community bank in Costa Mesa, Calif., solved its
deposit woes by acquiring a Dallas bank that specialized in homeowners
association deposits but had nearly no loans.

Like Pacific Premier, Triumph's search for liquidity stems from its success in
lending. In 2012 Triumph expanded its loans 58% year over year, to $209 million.
Its loan-to-deposit ratio was 92% at the end of 2012.

Triumph also pulls in a handsome profit on these loans, with a net interest
margin of 9.13% and a yield on earning assets of 10.59% at yearend.

Graft founded Triumph in 2006 to be a receiver for defaulted commercial real
estate debt. When that field became crowded after the financial crisis hit,
Graft, a former Fulbright & Jaworski attorney, turned to niche commercial
lending.

In 2010 Triumph bought the troubled Equity Bank in Dallas, using $45 million it
had raised through private investors. Within a year, Graft and his team, which
includes former executives of Beal Bank in Plano, Texas, and Bluebonnet Savings
Bank in Dallas, were able to clear Equity's problem loans off the books and free
it from regulatory actions.

In January 2012, after another capital raise, Triumph bought the
freight-factoring company Advance Business Capital. Altogether, Graft and
Triumph have raised more than $100 million through private investors.

But because it's not a retail bank, Triumph lacks a strong deposit base to fund
its lending, making its cost of funds a relatively high 1.46%, according to data
from the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. In this interest rate environment,
anything above 1% is considered high, Bass says. National's was 0.74% at the end
of 2012.

The threat of higher interest rates was likely another motivation for Triumph to
make the deal, Bass says.

"They can use those deposits because they have demand, but at some point - who
knows when - interest rates will rise and then core deposits will be more
meaningful," Bass says.

Graft says he was looking for a traditional bank that is grappling with industry
pressures, such as figuring out how to exit the Troubled Asset Relief Program or
how to bring in new equity.

"We're discount buyers," Graft said. "We wanted to find a healthy bank with a
holding company that was overleveraged."

National Bancshares meets that description. Its subsidiary, The National Bank,
has 19 branches in Iowa, Illinois and Wisconsin, and had a loan-to-deposit ratio
of 74% and a net interest margin of 3.47% at yearend. Though the bank is
relatively healthy, its loan portfolio has shrunk in recent years.

Moreover, the holding company still has to repay its Tarp, trust-preferred
securities and other debts. Its tangible common equity of 2.58% at Dec. 31 is
low; industry observers say that ratio should be closer to 7%.

To be sure, regulators could derail Triumph's agreement to buy National. They
may have concerns that Triumph would be buying a bank more than three times its
size and 900 miles away. But the deal's architects are upbeat.

"We've seen in recent years that capital is king, and National has a very strong
capital base," National Bancshares CEO John DeDoncker said. "Once this is
completed you'll have a very strong institution that has room to grow."

Graft added that the concept is simple. "You can't predict what regulators will
do, but this is just one investor group buying out another investor group," he
said.

Triumph plans to keep the management of National Bank following the merger.

"National needed stability, and Triumph can provide that," Bass says.

URL: http://www.americanbanker.com

LOAD-DATE: April 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AMERICANBANKER_AB


                        Copyright 2013 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             494 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                               May 8, 2015 Friday

Joint anti-graft push needed, US delegates told

BYLINE: Zhao Shengnan

LENGTH: 506  words


China and the United States should seek consensus and deepen anti-graft
cooperation, top Party disciplinary chief Wang Qishan told a US bipartisan
delegation on Thursday in Beijing.

Wang Qishan, head of the Central Commission for Discipline Inspection of the CPC
Central Committee, meets Ron Kirk (second left), former US trade representative,
and R. James Nicholson (left), former US secretary of veterans affairs, in
Beijing on Thursday. Feng Yongbin / China Daily

China and the United States should seek consensus and deepen anti-graft
cooperation, top Party disciplinary chief Wang Qishan told a US bipartisan
delegation on Thursday in Beijing.

The call comes as China cracks down on corruption and improves its anti-graft
cooperation with the US, the top destination for Chinese officials accused of
corruption.

Wang, head of the Central Commission for Discipline Inspection, highlighted the
core role of the Party in China's development, and said that without discipline
it is impossible for the Party to realize the goal of leading people to build a
moderately prosperous society.

From Fox Hunt to Sky Net, China's campaigns to track down and extradite corrupt
officials have seen encouraging progress.

However, the absence of extradition treaties between China and the US has
hampered Beijing's efforts to bring more fugitives to justice.

According to the Foreign Ministry, Washington "does not seem ready" to sign such
a treaty with China as differences in social and legal systems mean that some
foreign judges have prejudices or an insufficient understanding of the Chinese
legal system.

Hong Kong-based media have reported that Wang may visit the US later this year,
and probably talk with his hosts about strengthening cooperation to track down
fugitives.

Former US trade representative Ron Kirk and former US secretary of veterans
affairs R. James Nicholson, who both led the delegation, called for greater
party-to-party communication and Sino-US cooperation.

The delegation was in China for the 8th China-US High-Level Political Party
Leaders Dialogue, which involved Democrats and Republicans discussing various
issues with the CPC.

For the first time, the dialogue included a China-US Entrepreneurs Roundtable.

Despite an end to China's decades of double-digit growth, those attending the
roundtable on Wednesday expressed optimism concerning growth and greater Sino-US
cooperation.

Bob Holden, chairman of the Midwest US-China Association and former governor of
Missouri, said the "new normal" is realistic.

"I think it's important for all of us outside of China to also work with China's
leadership to make sure that growth continues," he said.

The economy's new normal refers to the push for growth driven by domestic
consumption rather than exports and infrastructure.

Fan Bi, a senior official from the State Council Research Office, said China,
with a higher-quality economy, well-educated labor force and a sound industrial
system, remains an ideal destination for investment from developed countries.

zhaoshengnan@chinadaily.com.cn

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2015 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             495 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Medical Device Daily

                            January 23, 2012 Monday

Product Briefs

LENGTH: 692 words


o Ivera Medical (Carlsbad, California) has received a new FDA 510(k) clearance
for its Curos disinfecting port protector which the company says reflects its
ongoing determination to continuously improve its products to better deliver
solutions designed to reduce hospital-acquired catheter related bloodstream
infections. The Curos passive disinfection cap first received FDA clearance in
2008 (Medical Device Daily, Oct. 28, 2008). The new 510(k) clears Curos for
improved performance claims including a reduction in disinfection time and an
extension of the product's effective duration of use. Independent studies
submitted to the FDA established that Curos caps disinfect IV access ports
within three minutes and that ports remain clean for seven days without access.
With two dispenser options - the Curos Strip or individual Curos - nurses can
comply with disinfection protocols for intravenous (IV) valves by peeling the
foil seal off the green cap and twisting Curos over the top of any
luer-activated IV access port or needleless valve. Inside Curos a 70% IPA
(isopropyl alcohol) saturated sponge-like foam automatically provides effective,
consistent and reliable passive disinfection of the port.

o MedShape (Atlanta) a developer of shape memory orthopedic devices, reported
the U.S. release of the ExoShape Soft Tissue Fastener, a two-part PEEK Altera
interference fixation device that the company says simplifies and improves soft
tissue graft fixation during anterior cruciate ligament (ACL) reconstructive
surgery. ExoShape's enhanced design supports reconstruction techniques as they
continue to evolve to more accurately replicate the complex functionality of the
native ACL. It uses a non-rotational deployment technique that preserves the
surgeon's desired graft bundle orientation and tension during single
tunnel-double bundle procedures. The ExoShape Soft Tissue Fastener's deployment
gun facilitates full expansion of the PEEK Altera shape memory sheath without
rotational motion, thereby preserving the surgeon's desired graft bundle
orientation. The ExoShape Gun and ExoShape Cartridge combination uses a closed
force loop for sheath expansion, eliminating the need for forward force on the
sheath. This allows the surgeon to confirm desired graft tension prior to final
device deployment. Graft tension remains unchanged during ExoShape deployment.

o Pathwork Diagnostics (Redwood City, California) said results from a patient
registry study involving its Pathwork Tissue of Origin Test will be presented at
the ASCO 2012 Gastrointestinal Cancers Symposium. The Pathwork Tissue of Origin
Test is a molecular diagnostic for identifying tissue of origin. It uses a
tumor's own genomic information to help pathologists and oncologists in the
diagnosis of challenging cancer cases such as those that are metastatic or that
have a complex clinical history. The test measures gene expression levels of
2,000 genes and uses proprietary algorithms to compare the tumor's gene
expression pattern to that of 15 tumor types, representing 58 morphologies and
90% of all solid tumors. The test provides objective genomic information to help
the physician diagnose what type of cancer the patient has. An accurate
diagnosis allows oncologists to match therapy to the cancer.

o Sapheon (Santa Rosa, California) reported one-year results in its first-in-man
safety trial of the Sapheon Closure System. At the one year mark, 100% of the
great saphenous vein segments treated with the company's vein sealant remained
completely closed by ultrasound criteria. All patients reported significant
improvement in symptoms compared to baseline. No device or procedure related
serious adverse events occurred at any interval over the follow-up period. The
Sapheon is a CE mark-approved advanced proprietary medical adhesive and
single-use catheter-based delivery system that enables immediate and permanent
closure of the saphenous vein without surgery, thermal ablation, or sclerosing
chemicals. Patients treated with the Sapheon Closure System avoid significant
post procedure pain and bruising and can immediately resume normal lifestyle
activities. \

LOAD-DATE: February 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                          Copyright 2012 AHC Media LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             496 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Medical Device Daily

                             April 5, 2005 Tuesday

Product Briefs

LENGTH: 646 words


Product Briefs

· AnorMED (Vancouver, British Columbia) reported filing for approval an
investigational new drug application with the FDA to begin its clinical program
for AMD3100 in cardiac patients. The filing is the first step in evaluating the
potential of AMD3100, a stem cell mobilizer, to help repair damaged heart tissue
in patients who have suffered heart attacks. "We are excited about the
possibility that our lead drug candidate, AMD3100, may have additional
therapeutic applications beyond the ongoing Phase III study for stem cell
transplant in cancer patients," said Dr. Michael Abrams, CEO and president.

· Arrow International (Reading, Pennsylvania), a provider of central venous
catheter products, introduced the Arrow Simplicity Micro-Puncture Introducer
Set, a dialysis access product to be used in combination with Arrow's chronic
hemodialysis catheters. The Arrow Simplicity uses a color-coded guidewire that
facilitates catheter tip and exit site position, and defines necessary catheter
length prior to catheter insertion. The company said the tip-first,
retrograde-tunneled design of the Cannon provides fast, exact tip placement with
superior flow, clearances and patency that lead to superior dialysis outcomes.

· Cardinal Health (Dublin, Ohio) said it has been granted its first patent for a
technology that will help in the mass production of biopharmaceuticals. The
company received U.S. patent No. 6,852,510, titled "Host cells containing
multiple integrating vectors," for its gene product expression technology
platform. Cardinal Health's GPEx technology enables rapid genetic engineering of
stable mammalian cell lines.

· Corgentech (South San Francisco, California) and Bristol-Myers Squibb
(Princeton, New Jersey) reported top-line results from PREVENT IV, a Phase III
clinical trial evaluating the use of edifoligide (E2F Decoy) to prevent vein
graft failure following coronary artery bypass graft surgery. The companies said
treatment with Corgentech's E2F Decoy failed to meet the trial's primary and
secondary endpoints. E2F Decoy was generally well tolerated in the 3,014-patient
trial. The complete data from the PREVENT IV trial will be presented in future
publications and presentations by the study's clinical investigators.
Bristol-Myers Squibb said it has advised Corgentech that it will be terminating
the collaboration on the E2F Decoy, consistent with the terms of their
agreement.

· IsoTis OrthoBiologics (Lausanne, Switzerland/Irvine, California) said it has
received FDA 510(k) clearance for its DynaGraft II product family for orthopedic
applications. DynaGraft II, part of IsoTis' portfolio of bone graft substitutes,
is derived from demineralized bone matrix and delivered in a reverse phase
medium for optimal graft containment.

· RITA Medical Systems (Mountain View, California) said that an article
published in the March 1, 2005, issue of the Journal of Clinical Oncology
reported long-term survival rates for 135 patients treated with radio frequency
ablation (RFA) for hepatic colorectal metastases at the Cleveland Clinic
(Cleveland). The study enrolled people with metastatic colorectal cancer who had
progressed despite prior chemotherapy treatment. The authors concluded that the
results of the study suggest the addition of RFA to modern chemotherapy provides
"a survival advantage when compared to chemotherapy alone."  The authors noted
that while surgical resection is still the gold standard for treatment, "only
10% to 20% of [colorectal liver metastases] patients are candidates for
resection because of extensive disease or medical co-morbidities." The company
said that the results of the study may have the effect of expanding the
population of patients with colorectal liver metastases considered candidates
for the procedure because extra-hepatic disease was shown to not negatively
impact survival.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                          Copyright 2005 AHC Media LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             497 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 29, 2013 Monday

Washington: LeMaitre Vascular, Inc., Albograft Vascular Graft: Class I Recall -
Blood Leak

LENGTH: 207  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Food and Drug Administration, The Government of USA has issued the following
news release:

AUDIENCE: Risk Manager, Cardiology, Surgery

ISSUE: LeMaitre Vascular, Inc. recalled the Albograft Vascular Graft due to
blood leaking from the surface of the graft after implantation. This product may
cause serious adverse health consequences, including death.

Within the U.S., this device was only distributed in Pennsylvania.

This device was manufactured in April 2011, and distributed from April 2011,
through June 2013.

BACKGROUND: The Albograft Vascular Graft is made of synthetic material. It is
designed to replace or repair a damaged artery with an abnormal enlargement
(aneurysm) or a blockage (occlusion) caused by a disease.

RECOMMENDATION: On June 19 2013, the firm sent an Urgent Field Safety Notice
dated June 19, 2013, to all affected customers. Customers were instructed to
identify and return the affected devices to LeMaitre Vascular. They in turn will
replace the devices.

Healthcare professionals and patients are encouraged to report adverse events or
side effects related to the use of these products to the FDA's MedWatch Safety
Information and Adverse Event Reporting Program:

For more information please visit: http://www.fda.gov

LOAD-DATE: July 29, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             498 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Medical Device Daily

                             April 25, 2014 Friday

Briefly Noted

LENGTH: 591 words


Bacterin reports positive
results on OsteoSelect

Bacterin International Holdings (Belgrade, Montana), a maker of bone graft
materials and bioactive coatings for medical applications, said that positive
results using OsteoSelect Demineralized Bone Matrix Putty bone graft for cranial
defect repair has been published in the peer-reviewed Journal of Craniofacial
Surgery. This is the first peer reviewed publication evaluating the performance
of OsteoSelect DBM to date, the company said.

The article compares the bone regeneration potential of OsteoSelect DBM to a
competitive synthetic bone graft substitute (Novabone Putty) in a rabbit cranial
defect model using semi-quantitative histology and quantitative histomorphometry
evaluated at 43 and 91 days post-implantation. Defects filled with OsteoSelect
DBM were histologically associated with less inflammation and fibrous tissue in
the defect and more new bone than the synthetic counterpart at both time points.
Histomorphometric analysis indicated the defects filled with OsteoSelect DBM
were associated with significantly more bone formation at day 43 (70.7% vs
40.7%) and at day 91 (70.4% vs 39.9%) relative to the synthetic bone graft
substitute.

BSD to transfer NASDAQ listing

BSD Medical (Salt Lake City), a provider of medical systems that use heat
therapy to treat cancer, has received approval from the Nasdaq Stock Market to
transfer its stock listing from the Nasdaq Global Market to the Nasdaq Capital
Market, effective with the opening of the market on April 25. The company's
common stock will continue to trade under the symbol "BSDM." The Nasdaq Capital
Market is a continuous trading market that operates in substantially the same
manner as the Nasdaq Global Market.

As previously disclosed on April 18, the company was not in compliance with the
Nasdaq's Global Market minimum stockholder's requirement to maintain a minimum
of $10 million in stockholders' equity. BSD reported stockholders' equity of
$9,579,498 in its 10-Q for the period ended February 28. Nasdaq gave the company
the option to apply to transfer the listing of its common stock from The Nasdaq
Global Market to the Nasdaq Capital Market or submit to Nasdaq a plan to regain
compliance on the Nasdaq Global Market.



Skyline installs Streamway
systems in Minnesota

Skyline Medical (Minneapolis) is installing three direct-to-drain Streamway
Fluid Waste Management Systems at Prairie Ridge Hospital and Health Services'
facilities in Minnesota. The sales include two units installed recently at a new
replacement facility in Elbow Lake, Minnesota, and one to be installed at the
group's Morris outpatient center in May.

One of the Elbow Lake units is in an endoscopy procedure room, which represents
a key market according to Streamway. "With the increased availability of
minimally invasive endoscopic procedures and the aging of Baby Boomers, demand
for endoscopy is rapidly increasing," said Josh Kornberg, CEO of Skyline
Medical. "To help meet the increased demand and keep healthcare costs down,
endoscopy departments are looking for ways to be more efficient. The fully
automated Streamway System eliminates procedure disruptions so busy endoscopy
departments can accommodate more cases per day," he said.

The Prairie Ridge installations are among 55 Streamway units already scheduled
for sale or trial in early 2014.

Skyline Medical makes waste fluid disposal system that virtually eliminates
staff exposure to blood, irrigation fluid and other potentially infectious
fluids found in the healthcare environment.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


          Copyright 2014 Thompson Media Group, LLC d/b/a AHC Media LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             499 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                           November 17, 2016 Thursday

US Patent granted to KANSAI PAINT CO., LTD (JP) on November 10, titled as
'ACRYLIC-URETHANE COMPOSITE RESIN PARTICLES'

LENGTH: 237 words

DATELINE: New York



 ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent
no. 20160326394, on November 10 2016, to KANSAI PAINT CO., LTD (JP), titled as
'ACRYLIC-URETHANE COMPOSITE RESIN PARTICLES'



 Inventors: KANDA; Takashi; (Kanagawa, JP) ; NAKAMIZU; Masato; (Kanagawa, JP)



 Assignee: KANSAI PAINT CO., LTD (JP)



 According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office:
'Provided is an acrylic urethane composite resin particles comprising an acrylic
urethane graft resin (I) and a graft acrylic resin (II), the acrylic urethane
graft resin (I) being synthesized in the presence of the graft acrylic resin
(II), the graft acrylic resin (II) being a hydrophobic-chain- and
hydrophilic-chain-containing resin having a weight average molecular weight of
5000 or more, the acrylic urethane graft resin (I) comprising an acrylic resin
component and a urethane resin component, the acrylic resin portion of the
acrylic urethane graft resin (I) being synthesized using, as constituent monomer
components, 0.1 to 30 mass % of a polymerizable unsaturated monomer (1)
containing a group having active hydrogen atom(s) reactive with an isocyanate
group and 70 to 99.9 mass % of other polymerizable unsaturated monomer(s) (2).'



 The patent was filed on December 12, 2014 Application no. 15/104319



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             500 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Times-News (Burlington, North Carolina)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             June 16, 2015 Tuesday

Former inmate contends leg amputated because of negligence at county jail

BYLINE: Michael D. Abernethy, Times-News, Burlington, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 423 words


June 16--GRAHAM -- A former Alamance County jail inmate claims his leg was
amputated because he didn't get prescribed medications while detained there, and
he's suing Sheriff Terry Johnson and medical staff at the detention center.

Donald J. Day, of Graham, intends also to sue the N.C. Department of Corrections
for similar negligence "and a MRSA infection," attorney Norman B. Smith of
Greensboro said Tuesday. The suit was filed June 4 in Alamance County Superior
Court.

The suit alleges Dr. James Strickland and nurse Debbie Yates, who provided
medical services to jail inmates, didn't give him prescribed antibiotics or
ointment on a skin graft site while he was in jail custody June 4-22, 2012.

"... As a result of defendants' failure and refusal to provide plaintiff with
his necessary prescriptions and proper medical care following failure of the
skin graft, he eventually had his left leg amputated, so that the loss of his
left leg is attributable to defendants' neglect of plaintiff," the suit says.

In May 2012, Day had surgery that included a skin graft on his left leg.

Smith said Day was in custody on a driving offense and probation violation.
According to the N.C. Department of Corrections website, Day was on probation
for driving while impaired at that time, and eventually was transferred to
prison for an active sentence that ended Aug. 31, 2012.

The suit claims jail staff knew about Day's medical condition and that the graft
was "subject to failure if not given appropriate medical treatment." Doctors at
UNC Hospitals prescribed the medications.

The skin graft site eventually became open, raw and infected, and Day repeatedly
notified jail staff of his condition, the suit alleges.

Strickland and Yates failed to provide medical care and refused to place Day
under the care of a physician who could remedy the failed skin graft, the suit
says.

Day is suing Johnson in his official capacity as administrator of the jail,
claiming negligence and a violation of his civil rights. He is asking for
$50,000 -- the amount of the sheriff's bond under NGM Insurance Co. -- for
damages, pain and suffering.

Day is suing Strickland and Yates claiming medical negligence. The suit says a
medical expert has reviewed Day's medical records, including care received at
the jail, and "is willing to testify that the medical and nursing care did not
comply with the applicable standards of care."

___ (c)2015 Times-News (Burlington, N.C.) Visit Times-News (Burlington, N.C.) at
www.thetimesnews.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: June 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20150616-BT-Former-inmate-contends-leg-amputated-because-of-negligence-at-county
-jail-0616-20150616

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BT


                           Copyright 2015 Times-News
