



Download Request: Select Items: 501-999
Time Of Request: Wednesday, March 08, 2017  15:09:29 EST
Send To:

MEGADEAL, ACADEMIC UNIVERSE
NORTH CAROLINA STATE UNIVERSITY-RALEIGH
LIBRARY
RALEIGH, NC


Terms: (laundering USA)


Source: Company Profiles and Directories;US Law Reviews and Journals,
Combined;Federal & State Court Cases - After 1944, Combined;Newspaper Stories,
Combined Papers
Combined Source: Company Profiles and Directories;US Law Reviews and Journals,
Combined;Federal & State Court Cases - After 1944, Combined;Newspaper Stories,
Combined Papers
Project ID:



                              501 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                 January 17, 1990, WEDNESDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

BANK FINED FOR CLEANING COCAINE CASH

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 10A

LENGTH: 840 words


TAMPA, Fla. - An international bank that pleaded guilty Tuesday to
cocaine-related money-laundering charges agreed to forfeit a record $14 million
in a plea agreement.  The agreement, in U.S. District Court in Tampa, appears to
reduce the likelihood that evidence about Gen. Manuel Antonio Noriega - who had
accounts at the bank - will emerge at the trial of several bank officials.  U.S.
District Judge W. Terrell Hodges accepted pleas from two divisions of the
Luxembourg-based Bank of Credit and Commerce International and found them
guilty, but has not set a date for formally imposing the sentence.  The plea did
not affect co-defendants in the $32 million money-laundering case, including top
Bank of Credit banking officers and two Colombians the government claims were
part of the Medellin cocaine cartel.  Later in the day, conspiracy charges
against one of the six banking officials were dismissed. The other cases
continued, however, with pretrial motions in the proceedings expected to last
five months.  Under the agreement signed Tuesday, Bank of Credit of South
America and Bank of Credit and Commerce Overseas Ltd. are to forfeit $14 million
in assets frozen earlier by the government. Prosecutors claim that amount
represents profits made from the sale of cocaine in American cities and
laundered in a series of complicated worldwide banking transactions.  The banks
also are to receive suspended fines and five years' probation supervised by the
Federal Reserve.  The cash forfeiture was the largest ever by a financial
institution in the United States, said Dave Runkel, spokesman for the U.S.
Justice Department in Washington. ''I think it's a good deal,'' said Bonnie
Tischler, head of the U.S.  Customs Service in Tampa.  Sen. John Kerry, D-Mass.,
said the penalty was legally, morally and politically wrong.  ''My impression is
when banks engage knowingly in the laundering of money, they should be shut
down. It's that simple, it really is,'' said Kerry, who chairs the Senate
subcommittee on terrorism and narcotics.  A two-year sting operation called
Operation C-Chase began in Tampa in 1986 after an undercover agent worked his
way into an international money laundering network.  After that, agents helped
direct profits from cocaine sales in American cities to Colombia through Panama,
eventually building a global laundering operation worth an estimated $32
million, investigators said.  Some 30 charges against the two bank entities
included tax fraud, laundering activities and failing to report currency
transactions over $10,000.  In return for the plea, the government agreed to
waive any future charges against the bank that its investigation might uncover.
In December 1987, some officials at Bank of Credit in Panama, which was the bank
used to pass funds to Colombia, contacted undercover agents and arranged a
meeting to suggest alternate banking methods such as Certificates of Deposit
rather than checks to avoid being caught, prosecutors said.  Agents said they
told high-level bank officials the money was from cocaine sales.  The agents
said Bank of Credit bankers taught them how to use cash to buy CDs, then use the
CDs as collateral for loans. The loan proceeds then would be wired into accounts
controlled by an agent or smugglers, prosecutors said.  Altogether, more than 80
people were accused of taking part in drug-related money-laundering schemes in
Detroit, Philadelphia, Chicago, Los Angeles, Houston, Miami, New York and Tampa
and in London and Paris.

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1990 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              502 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 26, 2015 Thursday

Arizona: Former Head of Albuquerque-Based Drug Trafficking Organization Pleads
Guilty to Federal Cocaine Trafficking and Money Laundering Charges

LENGTH: 748  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Justice has issued the following news release:

ALBUQUERQUE--Christopher Roybal, 35, the former leader of an Albuquerque-based
drug trafficking organization, entered a guilty plea in federal court this
morning. Roybal pled guilty to a cocaine trafficking conspiracy charge and four
money laundering charges under a plea agreement that requires him to serve a
14-year prison sentence.

Roybal is one of the 19 defendants charged in Dec. 2012, with drug trafficking
and money laundering charges in a 60-count indictment. The indictment was
superseded twice; first in Feb. 2014, to add a 20th defendant and a witness
tampering charge, and again in Sept. 2014, to add another witness tampering
charge and a heroin trafficking charge. With today's guilty plea, all but three
of the defendants have entered guilty pleas in this case.

The charges filed in the case were the result of a 16-month multi-agency
investigation into a drug trafficking organization headed by Roybal by which was
led by the FBI, IRS and Albuquerque Police Department with assistance from the
DEA, the HIDTA Region I Narcotic Task Force and the Bernalillo County Sheriff's
Office. The investigation, code-named "Operation Rain Check," was designated as
part of the Organized Crime Drug Enforcement Task Force ("OCDETF") program.
OCDETF is a nationwide Department of Justice program that combines the resources
and unique expertise of federal agencies, along with their local counterparts,
in a coordinated effort to disrupt and dismantle major drug trafficking
organizations.

According to the original indictment, Roybal and ten others conspired to
distribute large quantities of cocaine in New Mexico between Aug. 2011 and Dec.
2012. It further alleged that Roybal and nine others conspired to distribute
marijuana between Oct. 2011 and Dec. 2012. The indictment also included three
separate money laundering conspiracies, 22 money laundering offenses, and 18
"telephone counts," offenses alleging the use of a communications device to
facilitate a drug trafficking offense. The indictment was superseded in May
2014, to add a new charge against defendant George Roybal, 53, of Albuquerque,
alleging that he threatened an FBI informant to prevent the informant from
testifying at the trial of this case which was then scheduled to begin on May
19, 2014. It was superseded again in Sept. 2014, to add two new charges against
defendant Kenneth Ulibarri, 36, of Albuquerque. The new charges alleged that
Ulibarri attempted to murder an FBI informant to prevent that informant from
testifying at the trial of this case which was then scheduled to begin on Nov.
10, 2014, and also charged Ulibarri with distributing heroin in Bernalillo
County, N.M., in May 2014.

During his change of plea hearing, Roybal pled guilty to Counts 1, 37, 38, 39
and 40 of the second superseding indictment, charging him with participating in
a cocaine trafficking conspiracy, three money laundering conspiracies, and a
substantive money laundering offense. In entering his guilty plea, Roybal
admitted that between Aug. 2011 and Dec. 2012, he conspired with others to
distribute kilogram quantities of cocaine in Albuquerque and Las Vegas, N.M.
Roybal also admitted participating in three conspiracies that laundered the
proceeds of his drug trafficking organization. One conspiracy involved the
transportation of drug proceeds from Albuquerque to California to pay for
marijuana that was distributed by Roybal's organization. The second and third
conspiracies involved the laundering of Roybal's drug proceeds through accounts
at a bank and a credit union. As part of his plea agreement, Roybal agreed to
forfeit his Albuquerque residence and a 1967 Chevrolet Camaro.

Three of the defendants charged in this case have entered not guilty pleas and
are pending trial. Charges in indictments are merely accusations and criminal
defendants are presumed innocent unless proven guilty beyond a reasonable doubt.

This case was investigated by the FBI, IRS Criminal Investigation and the
Albuquerque Police Department, with assistance from the DEA, the HIDTA Region I
Narcotics Task Force and the Bernalillo County Sheriff's Office, and is being
prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorneys Joel R. Meyers and Shana B. Long.
Assistant U.S. Attorney Stephen R. Kotz is responsible for litigating the
related civil asset forfeiture actions.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              503 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                   The Times-Tribune (Scranton, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           February 17, 2011 Thursday

Court: Mellow target of extortion, money laundering probe

BYLINE: Joe McDonald, The Times-Tribune, Scranton, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 528 words


Feb. 17--A federal grand jury is investigating former state Sen. Robert Mellow
for extortion, money laundering, fraud and related offenses, a federal appeals
court said Wednesday.

The existence of the federal probe has been known since June 18, when FBI and
IRS agents raided Mr. Mellow's home and office, but the reason surfaced in an
opinion filed by the 3rd Circuit Court of Appeals in Philadelphia.

In an 11-page opinion, the court rejected attempts by Mr. Mellow's attorney to
have the documents filed in connection with the search warrants unsealed.

Last month in Philadelphia, Scranton lawyer Sal Cognetti argued the records
should be unsealed, saying Mr. Mellow "has a right to know why they are
searching," though he admitted the search warrant indicated it involved
"political campaign work,"

Mr. Mellow's grand jury case wound up before the 3rd Circuit after Senior U.S.
District Court Judge A. Richard Caputo denied a motion filed on behalf of Mr.
Mellow to have the documents unsealed and an appeal was filed by Mr. Cognetti.

In dismissing Mr. Cognetti's appeal, the 3rd Circuit said it lacked
jurisdiction. In reviewing the case, the appeals court said the U.S. attorney's
office had argued that unsealing the affidavit of probable cause that
investigators filed to obtain the search warrant would cause the identities of
"confidential informants to be revealed, expose individuals and businesses to
public obloquy though charges against them may never be brought, cause the
release of confidential grand jury and tax information ..."

Prosecutors also argued that if they disclosed the information Mr. Mellow was
seeking before an indictment was filed, Mr. Mellow would would know the "precise
areas of inquiry into which the investigation was looking, thereby facilitating
(Mr. Mellow's) and other subjects' obstruction of the investigation."

On the day Mr. Mellow's home in Archbald and office in Peckville were raided,
agents also searched the Lake Spangenberg home of Gabriel J. Giordano, a former
Mellow aide and business partner who has been linked to the Peckville office in
which Mr. Mellow had an ownership stake while collecting rent paid by taxpayers.

Mr. Mellow retired after 40 years in the state Senate, including more than two
decades in leadership roles. During his years in Harrisburg, he was known for
steering state aid back to his home district, including securing the initial $35
million state commitment for the Commonwealth Medical College.

But he also became entangled in ethics controversies, ranging from questions
about the family-related rental of his Peckville Senate office to his paid
membership on the board of Blue Cross of Northeastern Pennsylvania.

Mr. Mellow has not been charged with a crime or cited by any agency for
wrongdoing.

Contact the writer: jmcdonald@timesshamrock.com

To see more of The Times-Tribune or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.thetimes-tribune.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, The Times-Tribune,
Scranton, Pa. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110217-YT-Court-Mellow-target-of-extortion-money-laundering
-probe-0217-20110217

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YT


                        Copyright 2011 The Times-Tribune


                              504 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 21, 2016 Monday

Kentucky: Florida Audiologist Sentenced to 94 Months in Prison in
Multimillion-Dollar Health Care Fraud and Money Laundering Scheme

LENGTH: 524  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Frankfort: US Department of Justice, The State of Kentucky has issued the
following news release:



 A Florida audiologist was sentenced to 94 months in prison today for her role
in a multimillion-dollar health care fraud and money laundering scheme.





 Assistant Attorney General Leslie R. Caldwell of the Justice Department's
Criminal Division, U.S. Attorney A. Lee Bentley III of the Middle District of
Florida, Special Agent in Charge Shimon R. Richmond of the U.S. Department of
Health and Human Services-Office of Inspector General (HHS-OIG) Miami Regional
Office and Special Agent in Charge Paul Wysopal of the FBI's Tampa, Florida,
Field Office made the announcement.



 Terri L. Schneider, 57, of Lakeland, Florida, was sentenced by U.S. District
Judge Steven D. Merryday of the Middle District of Florida, who also ordered
Schneider to pay$$2,512,460.27 in restitution, joint and several.  In December
2015, a jury in Tampa found Schneider and co-conspirator David Brock Lovelace
guilty on all charges, which included conspiracy to commit health care fraud and
wire fraud, health care fraud, conspiracy to commit money laundering, money
laundering and aggravated identity theft.  On March 7, Lovelace was sentenced to
174 months in prison and ordered to pay $2,512,460.27 in restitution, joint and
several.



 According to evidence presented at trial, from approximately June 2010 through
approximately May 2014, Schneider and her co-conspirators used three purported
medical clinics in Florida, Cornerstone Health Specialists, Summit Health
Specialists and Coastal Health Specialists, to submit approximately $12,351,046
in false and fraudulent claims to Medicare seeking reimbursement for radiology,
audiology, cardiology and neurology services.  Medicare paid approximately
$2,848,424 in reimbursement on the fraudulent claims.  The evidence showed that
Schneider and her co-conspirators used forged and falsified documents in the
Medicare enrollment process for the medical clinics that they operated under
false pretenses, and billed Medicare for services that had not been rendered by
physicians.  The co-conspirators also paid illegal kickbacks in exchange for
access to Medicare patients and Medicare patient information used in the fraud
scheme, the evidence showed.



 HHS-OIG and the FBI investigated the case, which was brought as part of the
Medicare Fraud Strike Force, under the supervision of the Criminal Division's
Fraud Section and U.S. Attorney's Office for the Middle District of Florida.
Senior Fraud Section Trial Attorney Christopher J. Hunter is prosecuting the
case.



 Since its inception in March 2007, the Medicare Fraud Strike Force, now
operating in nine cities across the country, has charged nearly 2,000 defendants
who have collectively billed the Medicare program for more than $6 billion.  In
addition, the HHS Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, working in
conjunction with the HHS-OIG, are taking steps to increase accountability and
decrease the presence of fraudulent providers.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              505 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The Journal-News (Hamilton, Ohio)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            December 18, 2015 Friday

Fairfield car dealer pleads guilty to money laundering

BYLINE: Lauren Pack, Journal-News, Hamilton, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 303 words


Dec. 18--CINCINNATI -- A Fairfield car dealership owner has pleaded guilty to a
federal money laundering charge.

Bryan Barbarawi, 35, of West Chester Twp., entered the plea Wednesday in U.S.
Federal Court in Cincinnati, according to federal prosecutors.

He faces a maximum prison term of 20 years and a fine of up to $250,000.

According to court documents, since February 2011 Barbarawi has owned and
operated a car dealership in Fairfield, Ohio under the names Nationwide Credit
Solutions, LLC d/b/a Auto Max, Extreme Imports and Falcon Auto Sales, Inc.

On Nov. 5 and 6, 2014, Barbarawi committed money laundering by concealing the
source and ownership of the proceeds from narcotics trafficking, as represented
to Barbarawi by an undercover law enforcement officer, while conducting a
financial transaction. Barbarawi sold a vehicle to an undercover law enforcement
officer, who represented that the money used to purchase the car was drug
proceeds.

Barbarawi received approximately $21,533.50 in cash from the sale of the vehicle
and then caused an employee of his car dealership to fabricate a form -- report
of cash payments over $10,000 received in a trade or business -- which falsely
reported the purchaser of the vehicle and the source of the funds used to
purchase the vehicle.

"IRS, Criminal Investigation focuses on the flow of money, which ultimately
leads us to the individual who attempts to conceal the true source of the
money," said Guy A. Ficco, Acting Special Agent in Charge, IRS Criminal
Investigation, Cincinnati Field Office.

U.S. District Judge Susan J. Dlott has not yet set a sentencing date for
Barbarawi, who was arrested on the indictment in May.

___ (c)2015 the Journal-News (Hamilton, Ohio) Visit the Journal-News (Hamilton,
Ohio) at www.journal-news.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: December 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20151218-HL-Fairfield-car-dealer-pleads-guilty-to-money-laundering
-1218-20151218

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HL


                        Copyright 2015 The Journal-News


                              506 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 28, 2014 Tuesday

Iowa: Cedar Rapids Businessman Indicted

LENGTH: 274  words

DATELINE: Des Moines


United States Attorney's Office for the Northern District of Iowa has issued the
following press release:

William B. Aossey, Jr., 73, of Cedar Rapids, Iowa, has been charged with one
count of conspiracy to make false statements, sell misbranded meat, and commit
mail and wire fraud; seven counts of making or causing false statements to be
made on export applications; seven counts of wire fraud; three counts of money
laundering; and one count of conspiracy to commit money laundering.  The charges
are contained in an Indictment filed last evening in United States District
Court in Cedar Rapids.  The indictment also contains two forfeiture allegations
for proceeds and property involved in some of the offenses.

The conspiracy charge is punishable by up to five years imprisonment; each count
of making a false statement on an export application is punishable by up to
three years imprisonment; each count of wire fraud is punishable by up to twenty
years imprisonment; and each count of money laundering, including the money
laundering conspiracy, is punishable by up to twenty years imprisonment.  A fine
of up to $250,000 may also be imposed on each count, along with a term of
supervised release.

As with any criminal case, a charge is merely an accusation and a defendant is
presumed innocent until and unless proven guilty.

The case is being prosecuted by Assistant United States Attorney Richard L.
Murphy and was investigated by the Department of Agriculture Office of Inspector
General, and the Internal Revenue Service.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              507 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                             June 18, 2016 Saturday

Cleveland attorney convicted of money laundering for accepting $20,000 in
purported drug profits

LENGTH: 247  words


A Cleveland attorney was convicted of money laundering for accepting $20,000 in
purported drug proceeds and agreeing to launder the money, said Carole Rendon,
Acting U.S. Attorney for the Northern District of Ohio.

Matthew J. King, 45, was convicted on one count of attempted money laundering
and two counts of money laundering following a weeklong jury trial. He is
scheduled to be sentenced by U.S. District Judge Donald C. Nugent on Aug. 30.

King accepted $20,000 in cash purported to be the proceeds of the sale of
narcotics. He then wrote two checks totaling $4,000 in early 2014, according to
trial testimony and court documents.

This case was prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorneys Michelle M. Baeppler and
Margaret A. Sweeney following an investigation by the Northern Ohio Law
Enforcement Task Force. The NOLETF is a task force comprised of investigators
from the Federal Bureau of Investigation, Cleveland Division of Police, Cuyahoga
Metropolitan Housing Authority, Drug Enforcement Administration, Internal
Revenue Service, Cuyahoga County Sheriffs Office, Ohio Bureau of Criminal
Investigation and the police departments of Cleveland Heights, Euclid, Lakewood,
the Regional Transit Authority, Westlake and Shaker Heights. The NOLETF is also
one of the initial Ohio High Intensity Drug Trafficking Area initiatives, which
supports and helps coordinate numerous Ohio drug task forces in their efforts to
eliminate or reduce drug trafficking in Ohio. 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              508 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   February 15, 1990, Thursday, Final Edition

Noriega Tied To Smuggling Of Coffee;
Kickbacks Alleged To Reach Millions

BYLINE: Los Angeles Times

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A55

LENGTH: 582 words


A federal money-laundering investigation has uncovered evidence that Gen. Manuel
Antonio Noriega received millions of dollars in kickbacks from a
coffee-smuggling scheme, according to sources close to the inquiry.

The allegations involve contraband Colombian coffee that was shipped to Panama,
rebagged as Panamanian coffee and exported to the United States and elsewhere.
The scheme enabled the Colombian producers to evade export quotas and sell the
coffee for a higher price.

A Panamanian company run by a Noriega associate allegedly played the role of
middleman and funneled payments to Noriega, according to two sources close to
the inquiry, who spoke on the condition that their names not be used.

The sources said the money-laundering probe by the Internal Revenue Service and
the U.S. attorney's office in Miami had not targeted Noriega, who is facing
trial in Miami and Tampa, Fla., on charges of drug trafficking and money
laundering. But his name turned up in the course of the probe, they said.

Federal authorities contend that the coffee operation reflected Noriega's
extensive control over the Panamanian economy. Some law-enforcement officials
even assert that the money Noriega allegedly received for protecting Colombian
cocaine traffickers was dwarfed by payoffs from other forms of corruption.

For instance, U.S. officials contend that Noriega collected as much as $ 100
million selling Panamanian visas to Cubans who wanted to enter the United States
and Chinese fleeing their country. The deposed strongman also has been accused
in Senate testimony of helping Cuban fishermen evade a U.S. ban on Cuban
products.

The Miami money-laundering investigation is aimed at customers of the Bank of
Credit and Commerce International, a Luxembourg-based bank, and is several
months away from returning any indictments, the sources said. The Bank of Credit
recently pleaded guilty to money-laundering charges in federal court in Tampa
and is cooperating with investigators.

Coffee is the world's second-most-heavily traded commodity, trailing only
petroleum. For years, coffee exports to most countries were regulated by an
international agreement. The pact expired last July after negotiations failed to
resolve complaints of inequities in the quotas.

The previous agreement restricted the amount of coffee a producer could ship to
the 74 nations that adhered to the pact. Countries that produced more than their
quota, such as Colombia, had to sell the excess to non-member countries at
deeply discounted prices.

For instance, a pound of coffee that sold for $ 1.50 to a member nation would
bring 70 cents or 80 cents on the non-member market because of the excess
supplies.

The arrangement created a booming black market. The International Coffee
Organization estimated that 650 million to 750 million pounds of coffee was
smuggled into member countries annually, according to an analysis by the U.S.
Trade Representative's Office.

Sometimes, coffee sold to non-member nations was smuggled into member nations
and resold at the higher price. Mislabeling schemes also thrived because some
nations, such as Panama, had export quotas that exceeded the amount of coffee
they produced.

Certificates authenticating that the smuggled coffee was Panamanian were
controlled by a private company, Transit S.A., which was run by Carlos Duque,
according to one of the sources. Duque was Noriega's hand-picked candidate for
president of Panama in last year's election.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: FOREIGN NEWS

                       Copyright 1990 The Washington Post


                              509 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                Southwest Border Anti-Money Laundering Alliance

                                 P.O. Box 64088
                               Phoenix,  AZ 85082
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (602) 721-2335
URL: www.swballiance.org

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   The Southwest Border Anti-Money Laundering Alliance ("Alliance") is one of
the results of a February, 2010 Settlement Agreement reached between the Arizona
Attorney General's Office and Western Union Financial Services, Inc. One
provision of the Settlement Agreement was that Western Union agreed to transfer
$50 million to establish a Southwest Border Anti-Money Laundering Alliance Fund
to make grants to law enforcement organizations to combat money laundering in
the Southwest Border Area.  The Alliance is controlled by an Executive Board
composed of the Arizona Attorney General, the California Attorney General, the
New Mexico Attorney General, the Texas Attorney General, the Chief of the
Phoenix Police Department, the Director of the Arizona Department of Public
Safety, and the Superintendent of the Arizona Department of Financial
Institutions (the "Board"), for a total of seven voting members. The purposes of
the Alliance are to: enhance and better coordinate investigations and
prosecutions of money laundering in the Southwest Border Area (that area within
200 miles of the United States/Mexico border on either side of the border and
including all of Arizona) ("SWBA") and other areas affected by money laundering
in the SWBA, with the goal of reducing money laundering and thereby reducing the
power of criminal organizations operating in the SWBA and in other areas
affected by money laundering taking place in the SWBA; and to enhance
coordination of the Alliance states' anti-mo

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              510 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           August 21, 2013 Wednesday

Washington: 16 People Sentenced to Lengthy Terms for Drug Trafficking and Money
Laundering

LENGTH: 537  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Department of Justice, The Government of USA has issued the following news
release:

Several members of a large scale drug trafficking and money laundering
organization operating out of the Zapata area from approximately 2006 through
2011 have received significant federal prison sentences, United States Attorney
Kenneth Magidson announced today.

The sentences were imposed in Laredo federal court by U.S. District Judge Diana
Saldaña yesterday and Tuesday of this week.

The convictions and sentences were the result of a more than three-year
investigation into a drug trafficking and money laundering organization based
out of Zapata. The organization was led by Pedro Navarro Jr., 38, of Zapata, who
received a sentence of 364 months in federal prison.

The others primarily worked for Navarro and were responsible for transporting
drugs and/or large amounts of cash which represented the proceeds of drug sales
for Navarro or helping others to do so. These 15 defendants, 14 of whom are
residents of various places in the Zapata area, were sentenced to varying terms
as outlined below.

Alex Navarro, 23: 131 months
 Andres Quintero-Ortiz, 48: 127 months
 Servando Guerrero Jr., 38: 174 months
 Sandalio Ramos, 44: 224 months
 Rene Davila, 31: 93 months
 Leonel Rodriguez, 43: 240 months
 Juan Luis Rivera, 31: 131 months
 Jorge Grajeda Jr., 30: 46 months
 Juan Antonio Valadez Sr., 55: 63 months
 Jose Luis Gonzalez-Chapa, 24: 93 months
 Judith Zamora, 27: 93 months
 Claudia Medrano, 28: 108 months
 Leonides Navarro, 23: 87 months
 Maria Micaela Berrones, 25: 58 months
 James Clinton Crabtree (of Immokalee, Fla.), 30: 33 months

The members of these conspiracies would primarily transport drugs which had been
brought into the United States from Mexico from Zapata to other parts of the
United States. The drugs would typically be smuggled into the United States in
small boats which crossed Falcon Lake at night from Mexico into Zapata. The
boats then docked at a house maintained by Navarro on the shores of Falcon Lake
where the drugs were unloaded and stored before being transported. Navarro and
his co-conspirators subsequently transported these drugs from Zapata to other
parts of Texas and beyond, to include the South Florida area. The members of the
conspiracy also would then bring the proceeds from the sales of these drugs back
to the Zapata area and ultimately into Mexico in order to promote the
continuation of the drug trafficking activities. This investigation ultimately
led to the conviction of Navarro and the others as well as the seizure of more
than five kilograms of methamphetamine and 6,000 kilograms of marijuana.

Over the course of the conspiracy, evidence further showed the members of
conspiracy were also responsible for generating proceeds from that activity in
the amount of at least $18 million.

This case is the result of an investigation conducted by the Drug Enforcement
Administration with assistance from Internal Revenue Service - Criminal
Investigation, Border Patrol, Homeland Security Investigations, Texas Department
of Public Safety and Webb County Sheriff's Department. Assistant U.S. Attorney
Arthur R. Jones is prosecuting.

For more information please visit: http://www.justice.gov

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              511 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                The Moscow Times

                                August 31, 1999

Oil Baron: N.Y. Bank Hid GKO Fortunes

BYLINE: COMBINED REPORTS

SECTION: No. 1783

LENGTH: 1072 words


NYT, AP, MT

Responding to a money laundering investigation that has dragged his business
interests into international headlines, Yukos oil baron Mikhail Khodorkovsky has
said that billions of dollars funneled through the Bank of New York were
controlled by Russian officials seeking to protect their personal fortunes from
the Aug. 17 ruble meltdown. Khodorkovsky, who granted the interview by telephone
to The New York Times, said that many Russian officials began selling government
securities in 1998 because they had inside knowledge about government
deliberations in the months leading to the August 1998 ruble devaluation. He did
not name names.

Anyone who sold GKOs and other debt instruments before the devaluation would
have been able to get out of the market while the securities' value was still
relatively high - locking in high-flying profits just before they fell to earth.
Khodorkovsky said he believed that Russian officials did just that, shipping
their profits abroad through a front company and into the Bank of New York.

Khodorkovsky also said that he believes Russian investigators - who he said have
yet to make contact with him - are poised to re-examine his business dealings in
response to reports of a U.S.-British money laundering inquiry centered on
accounts with the Bank of New York.

In its report of Khodorkovsky's allegations, The New York Times suggested he
might be sending a veiled warning to Russian leaders that they too may be
dragged into the wide-ranging investigation unless they act to restrain it.

Many of them already have been - at least by U.S. and European media, in reports
that are not always well-sourced.

USA Today, one of America's most widely read newspapers, last week reported that
U.S. investigators were exploring whether five leading Russian political figures
played a role in money laundering at the Bank of New York: Yeltsin's daughter
Tatyana Dyachenko; former Deputy Prime Ministers Anatoly Chubais and Oleg
Soskovets; and former Finance Ministers Alexander Livshits and Vladimir Potanin.

USA Today cited unidentified sources in British and Russian law enforcement
agencies and did not ascribe a concrete role to any of the people it named. The
report could not be independently confirmed, and a spokesman for the British
National Criminal Intelligence Service told The Moscow Times it would formally
protest it to USA Today.

The Bank of New York confirmed last week that it is cooperating with U.S.
federal authorities in an investigation of what may be the biggest money -
laundering inquiry in history. The bank has not been charged with any
wrongdoing, but the billions of dollars that poured through accounts opened by
its Russia division have raised eyebrows. Khodorkovsky, 35, is the chairman of
Yukos, one of Russia's largest oil companies, and was the chairman of Menatep, a
now insolvent Russian bank. U.S. federal investigators are examining Menatep's
relationship with the Bank of New York because the two banks did business
together.

Investigators' interest is heightened because Natasha Kagalovsky, a Bank of New
York executive suspended until the investigation is complete, is married to
Konstantin Kagalovsky, who is the vice chairman of Yukos and was also vice
chairman of Menatep. The Kagalovskys have not been charged with any wrongdoing.

The Kagalovskys "wish to state unequivocally that they have never been involved
in money laundering in any way, shape or form," the couple's lawyer, Stanley
Arkin, said in a statement. "Nor do they have any knowledge of such activity."
Arkin's statement was prompted, it said, by "unfair press coverage" based on
"innuendo, rumors, selective and irresponsible leaks from U.S. governmental
sources and disingenuous 'guilt-by-association' assumptions." Khodorkovsky
called a New York Times reporter directly Friday to offer his theory on what was
behind the money laundering scandal and to defend his integrity.

"Menatep never in its history has done any money laundering," he said through an
interpreter. "Menatep has undergone investigations by many commissions on this
issue." Nonetheless, he said the money-laundering investigation at the Bank of
New York was significant.

"The investigation that is under way in the U.S. appears to be of great
importance," he said. "Because if the investigation is carried out competently,
we will see that Russian criminals will be caught red-handed." Khodorkovsky said
that Russian organized crime figures were undoubtedly tied to the scandal, and
that he believed, as has been reported, that Semyon Mogilevich, a reputed head
of Russian organized crime, is involved in the matter.

The American weekly magazine Newsweek, citing unnamed U.S. intelligence sources,
reported this week that the CIA believes Mogilevich has had business
interactions with leading Russian political figures, "especially former prime
minister Viktor Chernomyrdin and former economic tsar Anatoly Chubais." Newsweek
noted that both Chubais and Chernomyrdin have denied wrongdoing. In an interview
published Saturday in Moskovsky Komsomolets, Mogilevich also denied involvement
in money laundering.

"I can only dream of such money All these accusations are the nightmarish
delirium of the FBI," he was quoted as saying. The newspaper did not say where
Mogilevich was when he gave the interview. The paper quoted Mogilevich joking
that he has only laundered money once, when he accidentally left a few rubles in
the pocket of a shirt he washed.

Investigators studying the Bank of New York case say Mogilevich used a company
called Benex to launder funds through the bank, The New York Times reports.

Khodorkovsky declined to speculate on other organized crime figures he believed
to be involved in the scheme, saying he feared for his safety.

But he enthusiastically offered his view that political insiders in Russia had
actively shipped their own ill-gotten gains through the Benex pipeline.

The chronology of events surrounding the money-laundering investigation adds
some credibility to this view. In early 1998, just as Russia's economy began to
show serious signs of strain, funds started moving through the Benex accounts at
the Bank of New York. Activity in the accounts is believed to have been
particularly heavy starting in the fall of 1998, shortly after the ruble
devaluation crashed debt markets and the banking system.


LOAD-DATE: August 31, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                        Copyright 1999 Independent Press


                              512 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  May 19, 1998, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

U.S. Indicts 26 Mexican Bankers in Laundering of Drug Funds

BYLINE: By DON VAN NATTA Jr.

SECTION: Section A; Page 6; Column 3; Foreign Desk

LENGTH: 1131 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, May 18


Culminating a three-year undercover sting operation described as the largest
case of laundering drug money in American history, a Federal grand jury in Los
Angeles today charged three Mexican banks and 26 Mexican bankers with laundering
millions of dollars in drug profits.

The indictments were announced here by Treasury Secretary Robert E. Rubin and
Attorney General Janet Reno, who said the charges marked the first time Mexican
banks and bank officials were directly linked to laundering United States drug
proceeds for the Cali cartel of Colombia and the Juarez cartel of Mexico.

The three Mexican banks that were charged are Bancomer and Banca Serfin,
Mexico's second- and third-largest banks, respectively, as well as Banca Confia,
a smaller institution that was recently purchased by Citibank. Both Bancomer and
Banca Serfin have branches in New York and Los Angeles and could face sanctions
by regulators here.

In connection with the indictments, the Federal Reserve Board also announced
today that it filed civil actions against five banks with branches in the United
States. Besides Bancomer and Banca Serfin, temporary cease-and-desist orders
were issued against Banco Nacional de Mexico, Banco Internacional, and Banco
Santander of Spain.

It was unclear how an American prosecution against these Mexican financial
institutions would proceed. When pressed at the news conference today, United
States officials said that the banks could face civil penalities by banking
regulators.

Called "Operation Casablanca," the investigation, led by the United States
Customs Service, resulted in the arrest of 22 high-ranking and midlevel bankers
from 12 of Mexico's 19 largest banking institutions after they traveled to the
United States last weekend. Warrants for others were issued today. In addition,
the authorities said that during the three-year inquiry they had seized $35
million in illegal proceeds from drug money, two tons of cocaine and four tons
of marijuana.

The Mexican bankers arrested Saturday had planned on a much more celebratory
weekend. Agents had used several ruses to lure them to this country. Some had
arrived in San Diego, where they had thought they would be attending a banking
conference on money laundering. Others, with whom undercover agents had
participated in money laundering activity, were told to come to a casino opening
in Mesquite, Nev., where, they were told, their drug cash would be welcomed.

"By infiltrating the highest levels of the international drug trafficking
financial infrastructure, Customs was able to crack the elaborate financial
schemes the drug traffickers developed to launder the tremendous volumes of cash
acquired as proceeds from their deadly trade," Mr. Rubin said today.

Although law enforcement officials stressed that today's action failed to
cripple the drug cartels, Ms. Reno said that the arrests and seizures disrupted
a major money laundering operation that had served as an engine of the
international drug trafficking trade. "Operation Casablanca built a road map
that tracked the structure of the international drug cartels from the kingpins
to the couriers and the bankers in between," she said.

Since its beginning in November 1995, the undercover inquiry was kept secret
from the Mexican Government. The first Mexican officials learned of the
investigation was from Ms. Reno today, when she notified her counterpart, the
Mexican Attorney General, Jorge Madrazo-Cuellar, by telephone. Mr. Rubin also
alerted his counterpart, Jose Angel Gurria Trevino, the Secretary of Finance and
Public Credit in Mexico. Both pledged to cooperate with the inquiry, Ms. Reno
said.

Mexican officials were largely taken by surprise by the indictments and were
scrambling to prepare comments late today. Carlos Gomez y Gomez, the president
of the Mexican Bankers Association, said the banks would cooperate with the
United States authorities. He said the bankers do not expect to see their
operations closed in the United States. The alleged crimes were committed by
"individuals," he said, adding, "This is not a systemic practice of Mexican
banks."

The authorities said they found that nearly 100 bank accounts the United States
had been used by drug traffickers to deposit laundered funds. Today,
investigators froze those accounts, which they estimated held about $110
million. They also froze about $12 million in overseas bank accounts. However,
the authorities said they had not found any evidence that officials from
American banks had been aware of the source of the money that was transferred
from Mexican banks.

The inquiry began after the Customs Office in Los Angeles discovered that drug
cartel members had laundered proceeds from American drug sales in branches of
Mexican banks near the border. The investigation expanded to include the
financial operations of the Ciudad Juarez cartel. Today, warrants were issued
for the arrest of the cartel's money manager, Victor Alcala Navarro, and one of
its leaders, Jose Alvarez Tostado, the authorities said.

The investigation used Customs Service undercover agents who posed as middlemen
between the cartel financial directors and the Mexican bankers, mostly
middle-level executives, who agreed, for a fee of 4 or 5 percent, to launder the
funds. The bankers had established phony accounts and used bank drafts to dodge
money laundering regulations, the authorities said.

Raymond Kelly, the Treasury Department's undersecretary for enforcement who is
awaiting confirmation as head of the Customs Service, described the case as
"extremely significant" because of the amount of money involved and because it
involved "a systematic scheme to launder money via a large number of Mexican
financial institutions."

A spokeswoman for Citibank Mexico said the institution would make no comment
because officials only learned about the indictments today.

Citibank closed the deal to purchase Banca Confia, a mid-sized retail banking
group, on May 11 after months of negotiations.

The indictments are a new blow to Citibank, which has already been at the center
of several banking scandals in Mexico. Amy C. Elliott, who was a Citibank
private banking vice-president, is under investigation in the United States on
suspicion of drug money-laundering in accounts she handled belonging to Raul
Salinas de Gortari, the brother of the former Mexican President.

Citibank has denied wrongdoing and is cooperating with authorities.

Shortly after Citibank decided to buy Banca Confia, its flamboyant chairman,
Jorge Lankenau Rocha, was indicted in a large-scale bank fraud in Mexico.
Mexican banking regulators said Citibank was not involved, but the scandal made
many Mexicans suspicious of Citibank's takeover of the Mexican bank.





LOAD-DATE: May 19, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1998 The New York Times Company


                              513 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                              May 4, 2004 Tuesday
                              Late Edition - Final

34 Charged With Laundering Drug Money

SECTION: Section B; Column 5; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 197 words


Federal authorities in Manhattan said they broke up an international money-
laundering ring yesterday, charging 34 people with conspiring to launder money
from Colombian drug dealers. They said the swindle had spanned a number of
countries, including Canada, Colombia, Britain and the United States.

The defendants include peso brokers and Colombian businessmen. Their actions
helped funnel millions of dollars of drug money though the legal banking system,
federal prosecutors said.

Twenty-six of those charged have been arrested, said David N. Kelley, the United
States attorney for the Southern District of New York. Three defendants were
arrested in New York, and two were arrested in Florida. A majority of those
charged were arrested in Colombia yesterday, prosecutors said. Charges include
money laundering, conspiracy and operating unlicensed money-transmitting
businesses.

In a separate announcement yesterday, the United States attorney for the Eastern
District of New York, Roslynn Mauskopf, unsealed an indictment against nine
members of a Queens-to-Colombia money-laundering ring. One of them was also
charged in the Manhattan case.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2004 The New York Times Company


                              514 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     August 2, 1991, Friday, Final Edition

U.S. Let BCCI Probe Languish, Hill Told;
Ex-Official Blames Lobbyists' 'Pounding'

Guy Gugliotta, Michael Isikoff, Washington Post Staff Writers

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A1

LENGTH: 1415 words


Former U.S. Customs Commissioner William von Raab yesterday blamed high-powered
lobbyists, concern about the prosecution of deposed Panamanian leader Manuel
Antonio Noriega, and a general malaise among investigators for the U.S.
government's failure to vigorously pursue the case against the Bank of Credit
and Commerce International for the past three years.

Von Raab's comments came in a daylong Senate hearing that revealed new details
of the government's handling of allegations of drug trafficking, money
laundering and fraud in U.S. branches of the giant international bank.

In separate, prepared testimony released late yesterday, A. Peter Burleigh,
State Department coordinator for counter-terrorism, said the "U.S. intelligence
community" had information in 1986 that "linked" Palestinian terrorist Abu
Nidal's organization, in ways Burleigh did not specify, to an unidentified BCCI
branch in Europe.

The panel is attempting to find out how much was known about the
Luxembourg-based BCCI's alleged criminal activities during the last decade. BCCI
was shut down in Britain, Luxembourg and the Cayman Islands last month and
indicted on bribery and fraud charges Monday by a New York grand jury.

Von Raab, customs commissioner from 1982 to 1989, oversaw the initial Customs
Service investigation into BCCI, which focused on a drug money-laundering
operation at the bank's branch office in Tampa. He said he was "annoyed" when
indictments issued in October 1988 did not reach top bank officials, and was
appalled when the Tampa case was allowed to peter out in a January 1990
plea-bargaining agreement.

"I think it was a shameless agreement," von Raab told the Senate Foreign
Relations subcommittee on terrorism, narcotics and international operations. The
agreement required BCCI to plead guilty to money laundering and imposed a $ 15
million fine -- "less," von Raab said, "than the bank had made from its money-
laundering activities."

The Justice Department maintains that it has never stopped investigating BCCI's
activities in the United States. At the time of the Tampa indictments, that case
represented the largest fine ever assessed against a bank for money laundering.

In sworn testimony, von Raab sharply criticized high-level "influence peddlers,"
including the Washington public relations firm Hill and Knowlton.

The subcommittee, chaired by Sen. John F. Kerry (D-Mass.), also heard testimony
and received depositions from officers of the Federal Reserve System and State
Department, as well as Jack Blum, a former counsel to the subcommittee who
conducted his own investigation of BCCI.

Von Raab's departure from Customs came amid controversy prompted by his repeated
charges that top Reagan and Bush administration officials had failed to
aggressively pursue the federal anti-drug effort. He acknowledged yesterday that
his superiors "felt that I was overzealous," and offered this as the reason he
was "cut out" of the BCCI probe in early 1989.

He described in detail a request he said he made in 1988 to CIA Deputy Director
Robert M. Gates for information on BCCI. Gates, von Raab said, "quipped that it
[BCCI] was known among his colleagues, the agency, as the 'Bank for Crooks and
Criminals International.' "

Von Raab said Gates told him that the CIA had prepared a "piece" on BCCI in 1986
and would send it to him. The CIA memo, von Raab said, "described the origins of
the bank, its MO [modus operandi], who they thought the owners were at that
time, and characterized it in terms that implied that certainly it was involved
in lots of questionable or at least criminal activity."

Von Raab said the memo "didn't prove to be particularly useful to us as an
investigative tool." It did, however, "give me a sense of the type of people who
owned the bank."

In a Wednesday press release, Kerry said the memo contained information that
BCCI had secretly controlled the Washington-based First American Bankshares
since 1982 without the permission of the Federal Reserve. Calling BCCI "a
criminal enterprise," Kerry charged that the memo raised "obvious and serious"
questions about why the information it contained was not passed along to federal
regulators and the Justice Department.

The Burleigh statement will likely add to the debate over U.S. government
knowledge of alleged BCCI misdeeds before last month's indictments. Burleigh
said that Nidal's group -- which has been described by the State Department as
"the most dangerous terrorist organization in existence" -- conducted
"significant business operations" through front companies that traded in
weapons, construction services and other commodities.

But his testimony did not elaborate on the nature of Nidal's relationship to
BCCI, or indicate whether the State Department or U.S. intelligence communities
ever passed on their information to U.S. law enforcement officials.

The State Department testimony followed a report in the Sunday Times of London
last month that said an audit of BCCI's London branches, conducted by Price
Waterhouse for the Bank of England, had identified more than 40 accounts that
were secretly controlled by Nidal and other terrorists and arms dealers.

The Sunday Times report stated that the Nidal accounts were "monitored" by
British intelligence, and quoted a former London branch manager, Ghassam Ahmed
Qassem, as saying the terrorist accounts "had been set up with knowledge of
senior officials within BCCI."

A State Department spokesman last night declined to elaborate on Burleigh's
prepared testimony, or to identify which BCCI branch Burleigh was referring to
that had "links" to Nidal.

Shortly after his 1988 conversation with Gates, von Raab said, the U.S. attorney
in Tampa indicted more than 70 BCCI officials. "I was annoyed at the time . . .
that there were not more significant indictments brought against higher-level
BCCI officers and more significant charges brought against BCCI as a
corporation," von Raab said.

He added, however, that he accepted the U.S. attorney's explanation that the
evidence was insufficient to proceed further. Still, "I had always hoped that
that would happen subsequently."

Instead, von Raab said, the investigation died away, and appeared to end in
"this bad plea bargain." Von Raab blamed the foot-dragging on a "general
softening of resolve on the part of senior U.S. officials" brought on by
"incredible pounding" in Washington from high-powered "influence peddlers" like
Clark M. Clifford and Robert A. Altman, chairman and president of First American
Bankshares, along with Robert Gray and Frank Mankiewicz of Hill and Knowlton,
the public relations firm hired by them.

"There wasn't a single influence peddler who wasn't being used to work this
case," von Raab said. "The result is that senior U.S. policy-level officials
were constantly under the impression that BCCI was probably not that bad,
because all these good guys that they play golf with all the time were
representing them."

Hill and Knowlton Vice Chairman Mankiewicz issued a statement dismissing von
Raab's testimony as "irresponsible and totally false." Mankiewicz said, "Neither
I, nor Robert Gray, nor anyone else from Hill and Knowlton ever contacted, on
behalf of BCCI, anyone in the Department of Justice or anywhere else in the
Executive Branch or, for that matter, on Capitol Hill."

Clifford and Altman have appeared before a District grand jury in connection
with a federal investigation of the relationship between BCCI and First
American. In public statements, they have denied any wrongdoing.

Von Raab said the BCCI investigation probably was slowed by the Justice
Department's desire to gather evidence against Noriega, indicted on federal
drug-trafficking charges in February 1988. Investigators described BCCI as
"Noriega's bank."

"They wanted the best evidence they could get against Noriega," von Raab said.
"It was believed that BCCI was a repository for great evidence against Noriega.
. . . They saw the case much too much as a place to collect evidence in another
case."

The reluctance to pursue BCCI because of the Noriega case, he added, was
"compounded" by a "lackadaisical and sort of worked-over" attitude by high-level
officials "tired" from fending off the public-relations assault: "Whatever the
Washington brokers got for their involvement in protecting BCCI from the federal
government, they earned every million dollars they received."

Staff writer Jim McGee contributed to this report.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, SEN. KERRY, LEFT, TALKS WITH JACK BLUM, CENTER, A FORMER
SUBCOMMITTEE COUNSEL, AND FORMER CUSTOMS COMMISSIONER VON RAAB. RAY LUSTIG

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS, FOREIGN NEWS

                       Copyright 1991 The Washington Post


                              515 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              Indian Banking News

                      February 6, 2017 Monday 6:30 AM EST

Marking Best Year in Its History, S&T Bank Promotes Seven to Begin 2017

LENGTH: 650  words


Feb. 6 -- S&T Bank, a full-service financial institution with assets of $6.9
billion, and locations in Pennsylvania, Ohio, and New York, is proud to begin
2017 with the announcement of seven employee promotions in recognition of their
outstanding contributions to the Bank's success.

S&T Bank recognizes the following team members for their accomplishments and
dedication:

* Melanie Lazzari was promoted to executive vice president, controller. She
served seven years as senior vice president, controller at S&T Bank's
headquarters in Indiana, PA. Melanie is a Certified Public Accountant and serves
on the Pennsylvania Bankers Association Tax-Financial Institution Advisory
Committee. She also is an active volunteer with the Indiana County Community
Action Program (ICCAP).

* Michael H. Campisano was promoted to senior vice president, financial
intelligence group officer. Serving S&T Bank's commitment to security as a
Certified Anti-Money Laundering Specialist (CAMS), Michael is responsible for
managing the corporate fraud and anti-money laundering program to prevent,
detect, and mitigate fraud, money laundering, and terrorist financing. Prior to
joining S&T Bank in 2011, he spent more than 13 years working for the United
States Department of Justice.

* Patti Deck was promoted to senior vice president, commercial banker. Patti is
responsible for maintaining and enhancing customer relationships, as well as
growing the Bank's business portfolio throughout southcentral Pennsylvania.
Patti joined Integrity Bank - a division of S&T Bank in the spring of 2016,
following a career spanning three decades in New Jersey. Most recently she was
responsible for leading commercial real estate lending for a large regional
bank.

* Stephanie A. Embry was promoted to senior vice president and regional banking
manager. Stephanie has been with S&T Bank for six years and is responsible for
her region's sales and employee development and assists in creating strategies
to grow the region. She is actively involved with the Pittsburgh Young
Professionals and Indiana County Chamber of Commerce.

* James R. Muri was promoted to senior vice president, chief appraiser. In this
role, James manages the procurement and review of commercial real estate
appraisals to support commercial and business banking loan activities. He
maintains a General Appraiser License in Pennsylvania, Ohio, and New York and
holds the SRA designation from the Appraisal Institute. Prior to joining S&T
Bank in 2012, he owned and operated a full-service appraisal company for more
than 18 years. He is actively involved with the Alliance Church of Murrysville.

* Pamela P. Price was promoted to senior vice president, regional banking
manager. Throughout Pamela's more than 20 years with S&T Bank, she has served in
many roles, including branch manager and regional branch manager, overseeing
retail operations in Westmoreland and East Allegheny Counties. Pamela is an
alumna of the University of Pittsburgh at Greensburg, and the Pennsylvania
Bankers Association School of Banking. She is also involved in volunteer efforts
benefitting the Westmoreland County Food Bank, Pitt Greensburg Alumni
Association, and Junior Achievement.

* Sharon A. Wagner was promoted to senior vice president, assistant controller.
Sharon joined S&T Bank in 2011. She is a Certified Public Accountant in the
commonwealth of Pennsylvania and provides active support to a number of
non-profit organizations geared towards helping individuals with mental illness
throughout the region.

"We are pleased to recognize these individuals' accomplishments. Each of their
contributions have been instrumental in the bank's overall success," said Todd
D. Brice, president and chief executive officer of S&T Bank. "We are also
grateful for their involvement throughout our communities, and confident that
they will help us drive continued growth in 2017."

Source: S&T Bank

LOAD-DATE: February 7, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2017 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              516 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    Cape Cod Times (Hyannis, Massachesetts)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              June 8, 2012 Friday

BRIEF: Attorney George convicted of money laundering

BYLINE: Steve Doane, Cape Cod Times, Hyannis, Mass.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 232 words


June 08--BOSTON -- A federal jury convicted attorney Robert George of money
laundering Friday after deliberating less than two hours.

George, 56, of Westwood was charged last year with plotting to conceal the
source of more than $225,000, money that pros­ecutors say he believed to be
illicit. He was also charged with making illegal bank deposits in an attempt to
hide the proceeds from another source. George is best known on Cape Cod for
representing Christopher McCowen in the Christa Worthington murder trial.

The jury convicted George on all seven of the counts he faced including
conspiracy to launder money, structuring transactions to evade reporting
require­ments and five counts of money laundering. He faces up to 20 years in
prison for each count.

The trial, held in U.S. District Court in Boston began at the end of May.
Sentencing was scheduled for Sept. 19, 2012.

In court Friday, attorneys for both sides made their final arguments to the jury
in front of a packed courtroom.

Prosecutors reiterated their stance that George orchestrated the scheme to raise
money for the back taxes he owed.

The defense, however, argued that George had no involvement in the scheme and
was set up by a paid government informant with a shady past.

___ (c)2012 the Cape Cod Times (Hyannis, Mass.) Visit the Cape Cod Times
(Hyannis, Mass.) at www.capecodonline.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: June 9, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120608-CA-BRF-Attorney-George-convicted-of-money-laundering
-0608-20120608

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CA


                         Copyright 2012 Cape Code Times


                              517 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            October 16, 2007 Tuesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Justices to Hear Challenge to Money-Laundering Law

BYLINE: By LINDA GREENHOUSE

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; National Desk; SUPREME COURT ROUNDUP; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 905 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Oct. 15


The Supreme Court agreed on Monday to decide whether hiding the proceeds of an
illegal activity, like a drug transaction, can be prosecuted as money laundering
under federal law.

This straightforward statutory question has roiled the lower federal courts,
prompting a complaint by two conservative members of the federal appeals court
in New Orleans earlier this year that the government's expansive interpretation
of the most commonly used money-laundering statute amounted to ''prosecution run
amok.''

That complaint, which came in a dissenting opinion, was perhaps what led the
Supreme Court to decide, over the Justice Department's opposition, to review the
decision that had prompted it. The case is an appeal by a man who was stopped on
a Texas highway on his way to the Mexican border and found to be carrying
$83,000 in cash hidden under the floorboards of his car.

The government's theory was that the driver's behavior in concealing the cash
met the description of international money laundering, defined in a 1986 statute
as transportation or transmission designed to ''conceal or disguise the nature,
the location, the source, the ownership, or the control'' of the proceeds of
illegal activity.

The lower federal courts are split over whether ''conceal'' should be understood
in the literal sense as simply being hidden, or whether Congress meant to
criminalize only the hiding or disguising of cash with the intent to create the
false appearance that it was obtained legitimately.

The money-laundering statute at issue is a powerful prosecutorial tool because
of the heavy penalties it imposes: up to 20 years' imprisonment and a fine of
either $500,000 or twice the value of the transaction, whichever is greater.
While there are several money-laundering laws on the books, the one involved in
this case, the Money Laundering Control Act, accounted for 62 percent of
convictions for all related crimes last year, nearly 1,000 convictions.

The case, Cuellar v. United States, No. 06-1456, concerns a section of the law
that applies to transportation of ''the proceeds of some form of unlawful
activity'' into or out of the United States. The driver, Humberto Regalado
Cuellar, was convicted under that section and sentenced to six and one-half
years in prison. He was not charged under another law that applied to his
conduct, a statute that makes it a crime to carry more than $10,000 in cash
across the border without reporting it. That law carries a much lighter
sentence.

Supported by a friend of the court brief by the National Association of Criminal
Defense Lawyers, Mr. Cuellar is arguing that federal prosecutors are
aggressively  stretching the meaning of the money-laundering law far beyond the
traditional context and definition of money laundering. Money laundering was
long understood to mean investing proceeds in a legitimate enterprise, so their
origins would be obscured and the money would appear to be clean when recovered.

At the least, Mr. Cuellar's lawyers argue, the money needs to be used in a
manner that creates the appearance of legitimate wealth, not hidden under the
floorboards of a car.

A three-judge panel of the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
initially accepted that argument and overturned Mr. Cuellar's conviction. The
full 16-member court then reheard the case  and reinstated the conviction, 13 to
3. The majority said that because ''Congress had chosen the broad, unqualified
word 'conceal,''' there was no reason to apply a narrower definition. ''Simply
taking steps to hide illicit funds is sufficient to prove concealment,'' the
Fifth Circuit said.

In a dissenting opinion, Judge Jerry E. Smith accused the government of ''making
a mockery of the concept of money laundering.'' Judge Smith said that under the
majority's definition, a ''young petty thief'' who stole  a small sum and
carried it across the border in his shoe to enjoy a night ''at the bars of Nuevo
Laredo'' would be guilty of international money laundering and face  up to 20
years in prison.

These were among the other developments at the court.

Special Education

For the second time in a week, the court bypassed the chance to clarify the
obligation of public school systems to reimburse parents who choose to send
children with disabilities to private school without trying an available public
school program first.

A recusal by Justice Anthony M. Kennedy left the court in a 4-to-4 deadlock last
week in a case from New York City. On Monday, Justice Kennedy recused himself
again, this time in a case from Long Island, Board of Education of Hyde Park v.
Frank G., No. 06-580, leading the court to  turn the case down.

This raised the prospect that a personal involvement with the issue might
preclude Justice Kennedy from ever hearing a case presenting it, with the result
that the current nine justices could never decide the question. Justice Kennedy
declined to comment on his recusal.

Long Wait

The court turned down an appeal from an Arizona inmate, Joe C. Smith, who argued
that his 30 years on death row made his death sentence ''cruel and unusual'' and
therefore unconstitutional. His sentence was overturned twice on appeal. Only
Justice Stephen G. Breyer noted a dissent from the denial of the appeal, Smith
v. Arizona, No. 07-5847, observing that execution ''at this late date'' would
certainly be unusual and, after decades on death row, perhaps cruel.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2007 The New York Times Company


                              518 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 20, 2015 Friday

Washington: Gold Club Owner Among Those Indicted for Using Business to Operate
Elaborate Money Laundering Scheme

LENGTH: 939  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

Vladimir Handl, Michael Rose, Peter Scalise, David Gaither, Richard Leyland,
Edwin Hetherton, and Paul Fink--were arrested after being charged with
racketeering, money-laundering, and drug trafficking related crimes, announced
United States Attorney Melinda Haag and Federal Bureau of Investigation Special
Agent in Charge David J. Johnson.

According to an indictment that was unsealed yesterday, Handl and Rose were
businessmen in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina, whose interests included
restaurants, nightclubs, and strip clubs in several states. Handl operated and
controlled businesses such as VIP Group, LLC, International VH, LLC, and Heat
Lounge, LLC, while Rose operated and controlled defendant PML Clubs, Inc., along
with Explosive Clubs, Inc., Nightclub and Restaurant Services, LLC, Legacy
Entertainment, East Coast Restaurant & Nightclubs, and Micro Management Group,
LLC. Rose, through PML Clubs, Inc., operated several strip clubs in South
Carolina, Delaware, and New Hampshire under the name "The Gold Club." Rose,
through PML Clubs, Inc., also licensed the use of the name "The Gold Club" to
franchisees throughout the United States.

According to the indictment, Handl and Rose, along with their associates, Peter
Scalise, and David Gaither, conspired to conduct the affairs of an enterprise
through a pattern of racketeering involving money laundering, bank fraud, and
drug trafficking. Between 2011 through the present, the defendants knowingly
accepted more than $2.3 million that they believed either had been fraudulently
diverted from a bankruptcy court proceeding or constituted proceeds from drug
trafficking, and then laundered the money through their businesses, including
Rose's Gold Clubs. The indictment further alleges that as part of their
laundering scheme, the defendants created fraudulent invoices, contracts, and
other business records to make it appear that the money they received and
"cleaned" was for legitimate business transactions. The defendants also sought
to acquire cocaine to sell.

Handl, Rose, Scalise, Gaither, and PML Clubs, Inc., are all charged with
racketeering conspiracy, in violation of 18 U.S.C. § 1962(d), while Handl, Rose,
Scalise, and PML Clubs, Inc., are also charged with substantive racketeering, in
violation of 18 U.S.C. § 1962(c). In addition, Handl, Rose, Scalise, and PML
Clubs, Inc., are charged with conspiracy to commit money laundering, in
violation of 18 U.S.C. § 1956(h). Furthermore, Handl and Scalise are each
charged with 118 counts of substantive money laundering, in violation of 18
U.S.C. § 1956(a)(3), while Rose and PML Clubs, Inc., are each charged with 105
counts of substantive money laundering.

Richard Leyland and Edwin Hetherton, in turn, are charged with a money
laundering conspiracy of their own. In addition to the conspiracy change,
Leyland is charged with four counts of substantive money laundering and
Hetherton is changed with three counts of substantive money laundering. Both
Leyland and Hetherton also are charged with theft of United States property.

Handl and Paul Fink are also charged with conspiring to possess cocaine with
intent to distribute, in violation of 21 U.S.C. § 846.

All seven defendants were taken into custody today in arrests coordinated
throughout the country. Rose and Scalise were arrested in the vicinity of Myrtle
Beach, South Carolina. Handl and Gaither were arrested in the vicinity of
Florence, South Carolina. Fink was arrested in the vicinity of Chico,
California; Hetherton was arrested in the vicinity of Sacramento, California;
and Leyland was arrested in the vicinity of Fort Washington, Pennsylvania. They
all are expected eventually to make appearances in San Francisco in connection
with the indictment filed in the federal district court in the Northern District
of California.

An indictment merely alleges that crimes have been committed, and all defendants
are presumed innocent until proven guilty beyond a reasonable doubt. If
convicted, the corporate defendant PML Clubs, Inc., could face a maximum fine of
$250,000 for each of the two racketeering-related counts, and $500,000 for each
count of the 106 money laundering-related counts. Additional special assessments
may apply.

The individual defendants face a maximum 20-year term of imprisonment for each
racketeering-related count and each money laundering-related count. Further, the
individual defendants face a maximum 10-year term of imprisonment for each theft
of United States property count, and a maximum 20-year term of imprisonment for
the conspiracy to possess cocaine with intent to distribute. Each defendant's
maximum terms of imprisonment are as follows:

Handl: 2,440 years' imprisonment
 Rose: 2,160 years' imprisonment
 Scalise: 2,420 years' imprisonment
 Gaither: 40 years' imprisonment
 Leyland: 110 years' imprisonment
 Hetherton: 90 years' imprisonment
 Fink: 20 years' imprisonment

Additional periods of supervised release, fines, and special assessments also
could be imposed. Any sentence following conviction would be imposed by the
court after consideration of the U.S. Sentencing Guidelines and the federal
statute governing the imposition of a sentence, 18 U.S.C. § 3553.

Assistant United States Attorneys David Countryman and W.S. Wilson Leung are
prosecuting the case with the assistance of Lance Libatique and Carolyn Jusay.
The prosecution is the result of an investigation by the Federal Bureau of
Investigation.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com


LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              519 of 999 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright (c) 2003 Fordham University School of Law
                  Fordham Journal of Corporate & Financial Law

                                      2003

                        8 Fordham J. Corp. & Fin. L. 201

LENGTH: 19208 words

NOTE: THE INTERNATIONAL MONEY LAUNDERING ABATEMENT AND ANTI-TERRORIST FINANCING
ACT OF 2001: CONGRESS WEARS A BLINDFOLD WHILE GIVING MONEY LAUNDERING
LEGISLATION A FACELIFT

NAME: George A. Lyden*

BIO: * J.D. Candidate, Fordham University School of Law, May 2003. My thanks to
Jaimee Campbell for her valuable comments, and to Christina Salem and her staff
for their editorial assistance.

LEXISNEXIS SUMMARY:
 ...  The Act is divided into ten sections with perhaps the most noteworthy
provisions being Title II, "Enhanced Surveillance Procedures"; Title III,
"International Money Laundering Abatement and Anti-Terrorist Financing Act of
2001"; Title IV, "Protecting the Border" - dealing with immigration issues; and
Title VIII, "Strengthening the Criminal Laws Against Terrorism". ...  Although
this section of the Act does not specifically use the term "hawala," it is
primarily intended to expand the definition of "financial institution," as that
term is used in the money laundering statutes, to include hawalas and other
informal banking systems. ...

TEXT:
 [*201]

   "Bad laws are the worst sort of tyranny."
 -EdmundBurke

   Introduction

 On October 26, 2001, President Bush signed into law the USA Patriot Act n1
("Act"), which was drafted as a consequence of the attacks on the World Trade
Center and the Pentagon only six weeks earlier. n2 The Act is divided into ten
sections with perhaps the most noteworthy provisions being Title II, "Enhanced
Surveillance Procedures"; Title III, "International Money Laundering Abatement
and Anti-Terrorist Financing Act of 2001"; Title IV, "Protecting the Border" -
dealing with immigration issues; and Title VIII, "Strengthening the Criminal
Laws Against Terrorism". n3 This Note focuses on the Act's Title III anti-money
[*202]  laundering provisions, its impact on financial institutions, and its
potential for thwarting organized crime and future terrorist activity.

   The Act was rammed through Congress with "only one public hearing and little
debate," n4 and was one of the "swiftest-moving bills in federal history." n5 It
was approved 356-66 by the House of Representatives and 98-1 by the Senate. n6
Some of the more important provisions of the Act are as follows:

   . Expanded federal ability to conduct electronic surveillance and nationwide
search warrants. That includes roving wiretaps that allow tapping conversations
of an individual no matter what phone he or she uses. And it includes wide
latitude to screen computers, including e-mail messages and e-mail address
books.

   . FBI access to private records "to protect against international terrorism."

   . Detention for as long as a week of immigrants suspected of terrorism or of
supporting terrorism without their being legally charged with a crime or
immigration violations. The new law also permits deportation of foreigners who
raise money for terrorist groups.

   . A requirement that banks find the sources of money in some large private
accounts and that foreign banks detail suspect transactions.

    [*203]  . In an effort to appease civil libertarians, the law has a sunset
provision - its major provisions expire in 2004 unless extended - and a
provision that the Justice Department prepare reports on how it is affecting
civil liberties. n7

   Despite the overwhelming support the Act received from Congress, it has
already come under harsh criticism by liberals and conservatives alike for
unleashing unprecedented powers on government authorities that in some cases
have been challenged as unconstitutional. n8 The balance between national
security and civil liberties has been debated for years, and it seems to have
resumed prominence in the conscience of many constitutional scholars. n9 To
date, the Act has primarily been analyzed and challenged on  [*204]
constitutional grounds for its electronic surveillance provisions n10 and its
rules with respect to immigrants. n11

   Perhaps due to the outcry over the civil liberties ramifications of Titles II
and IV, the Act's Title III overhaul of U.S. money laundering legislation
appears to have been somewhat overlooked. Title III is known formally as the
International Money Laundering Abatement and Anti-Terrorist Financing Act of
2001 ("IMLA Act"). n12 It will have a significant impact on the way financial
institutions do business, and it will similarly affect many businesses not
traditionally regarded as "financial institutions." n13 Banks have long been
involved with the federal government in the fight against money laundering
through such measures as the filing of currency transaction reports ("CTRs") and
suspicious activity reports ("SARs"). n14 The IMLA Act not only expands the
duties of banks  [*205]  in reporting high-risk activities, it also
substantially raises the stakes for non-compliance with federal money laundering
legislation and increases the scope of businesses now required to participate in
anti-money laundering efforts. n15

   Part I of this Note provides an overview of the crime of money laundering and
summarizes some of the important provisions of the IMLA Act. Part II analyzes
how the money laundering provisions of the Act will affect financial
institutions and the public in general, as well as a critique of how effective
the IMLA Act will be in the war against terrorism. In brief, this Note concludes
that while the IMLA Act will probably have certain unintended benefits, such as
the improved ability to target and prosecute drug trafficking and tax evasion,
it will be substantially ineffective in the war on terrorism, and it will reduce
the competitiveness of U.S. financial institutions and other businesses to an
extent that will cause most critics to conclude that the Act's burdens outweigh
its benefits.

   I. What is Money Laundering?

   A. The Three Stages of Money Laundering

 Money laundering has been defined as "the process by which one conceals the
existence, illegal source, or illegal application of income, and disguises that
income to make it appear legitimate." n16 It has become a virtual requirement
for large organized crime groups to engage in money laundering, because it is
the sustaining force that enables drug-dealers, terrorist groups, and other
organized crime units to hide substantial amounts of wealth and to perpetuate
further criminal activity. n17

   To understand the mechanics of money laundering transactions, it helps to
conceptualize a three-stage process. n18  [*206]  "Placement," "layering," and
"integration" are names that have been used to describe these three stages. n19
"Placement" refers to the initial step in which the cash proceeds from an
illicit activity are transferred to a legitimate business or a bank, n20 or are
"converted to negotiable instruments, such as cashier's checks, money orders, or
traveler's checks." n21 Most of the crimes that the money laundering statutes
are intended to target are crimes that tend to produce significant sums of cash,
such as drug dealing. n22 The sheer weight and volume of the cash produced by
such activities can become impossibly cumbersome. For example, while a kilo of
heroin weighs about 2.2 pounds, the equivalent value of cash, in small
denomination bills, can weigh as much 256 pounds. n23 Among the primary
obstacles to simply depositing dirty funds in a bank account are the provisions
of the Bank Secrecy Act of 1970, n24 which requires that financial institutions
file IRS Form 4789, Currency Transaction Report, "whenever an individual or a
person acting on the individual's behalf conducts one or more cash transactions
in a single day which involve, in the aggregate, over $ 10,000." n25 The Bank
Secrecy Act of 1970 also requires government reporting when monetary instruments
with a value exceeding $ 10,000 are transported into or out of the United
States. n26

   One method frequently employed by money launderers is the technique of
"smurfing," whereby the placement stage is accomplished by distributing illicit
funds to numerous couriers who make large numbers of deposits that avoid bank
reporting requirements. n27 The placement stage of money laundering has also
[*207]  been accomplished by depositing funds with institutions like casinos
that do not have the strict reporting requirements that banks have, n28 or to
convert the funds to negotiable instruments such as money orders or traveler's
checks. n29 Another of the unlimited number of placement techniques used by
launderers is to use dirty money to purchase inventory or supplies for an
otherwise legitimate business, or to simply purchase expensive items, such as
cars or boats, then to promptly sell the items and create a paper trail that
appears on the surface to be legal. n30

   The placement stage of money laundering is the most risky for criminals,
because it entails the greatest likelihood of detection. n31 Once dirty funds
have been placed, the second stage in the money laundering cycle, called
"layering," can begin. This step typically involves transferring funds by wire
to offshore "shell" corporations that have been carefully established so as to
conceal the identity of the parties in control. n32 Countries that are
frequently chosen for such schemes include the Bahamas, Switzerland, the Cayman
Islands, Hong Kong, and other stable locales that have lenient bank reporting
laws. n33 This is an ideal strategy for money  [*208]  launderers, because when
the source of deposited funds is not identified by the bank, the launderer's
transfers become untraceable. n34 The task of detecting such a layering
transaction in the endless sea of daily wire transfers has been compared by
bankers to "searching for tainted dollars that mathematically represent a grain
of sand in the Sahara." n35

   Suspicious Activity Reports are a tool employed by financial institutions and
law enforcement authorities to improve the odds of detecting illicit layering
transactions. n36 The Bank Secrecy Act requires that banks file SARs when they
are a party to a transaction of $ 5,000 or more "and the bank knows, suspects,
or has reason to suspect that the transaction involves funds derived from
illegal activities" or "the transaction has no business or apparent lawful
purpose or is not the sort in which the particular customer would normally be
expected to engage." n37 Records of SARs must be maintained on file, for
inspection by the Treasury Department and IRS. n38

   The final stage of any successful money laundering scheme is known as
"integration," and results in the laundered funds returning to a status of
expendability in the hands of the organized crime group that generated them. n39
The funds are typically used directly to perpetuate further criminal activity or
invested in legitimate businesses that support organized crime. n40 Depending on
the skill and care of the money launderer, the funds at this point are generally
safe from investigative authorities, because they have traveled through a
sufficient number of banks, shell companies,  [*209]  and investments to make
the original source of the funds untraceable. n41

   B. The 1986 Act

 Recent estimates place the dollar volume of money laundered in the United
States at $ 600 billion annually, n42 yet the act of money laundering was not
recognized as a crime in the United States until passage of the Money Laundering
Control Act of 1986 ("1986 Act"). n43 In brief, the 1986 Act extends criminal
culpability to anyone involved in a financial transaction who knows or has
reason to know that the funds involved were obtained illicitly. n44 The
legislative history indicates that the 1986 Act was intended to apply not only
to the parties directly involved in such a transaction, but also to those who
perform mere "ministerial duties" that comprise the performance of a money
laundering deal. n45

   The 1986 Act is generally regarded as the legislation that first made money
laundering a criminal offense, n46 although the Bank Secrecy Act of 1970 can be
thought of as somewhat of a pre-cursor to the 1986 Act. The 1986 Act has two
sections, 1956 and 1957, both of which apply to international transactions as
well as purely domestic ones. n47 Section 1956 has three main subdivisions which
address the topics of "transaction" money laundering, "transportation" money
laundering, and the authorization of certain government sting operations. n48
The term "specified unlawful activity" is used in both Sections 1956 and 1957,
and is used to refer to any of an exhaustive list of offenses, including  [*210]
drug-related crimes, kidnapping, arson, robbery, extortion, smuggling, etc. n49

   The transaction money laundering provisions of Section 1956 make it a crime
to engage in four types of activity using illicitly obtained funds: (1) engaging
in financial transactions intended to promote "specified unlawful activity;" n50
(2) tax evasion; n51 (3) conducting a financial transaction designed to conceal
or disguise the nature, location, source, ownership, or control of the proceeds
of criminal activity; n52 and (4) engaging in a transaction with the purpose of
avoiding a state or federal reporting requirement. n53

   The transportation money laundering provisions of Section 1956 encompass
activities designed to move illegally obtained funds into or out of the United
States. n54 There are three types of transportation money laundering crimes: (1)
transportation of dirty money into or out of the U.S. for purposes of engaging
in specified illegal activity; n55 (2) transportation for the purpose of
concealing or disguising the nature, location, source, ownership, or control of
the proceeds of criminal activity; n56 and (3) transportation of dirty money
into or out of the U.S. for the purpose of avoiding a state or federal reporting
requirement. n57

   The third and final subdivision of Section 1956 addresses money laundering
transactions that occur as part of a government sting operation. n58 When a law
enforcement officer represents that funds have been obtained through a specified
illegal activity, Section 1956 makes it a crime to use such sting money to
conduct, or attempt to conduct, a financial transaction with the intent to do
any of the following: (1) promote a specified unlawful activity; n59 (2) conceal
or disguise the nature, location, source, ownership, or  [*211]  control of such
funds; n60 or (3) avoid a state or federal transaction reporting requirement.
n61

   Compared to the above Section 1956 provisions, Section 1957 of the 1986 Act
is quite simple, making it a crime when one "knowingly engages or attempts to
engage in a monetary transaction in criminally derived property that is of a
value greater than $ 10,000 and is derived from specified unlawful activity."
n62 The scope of Section 1957 is frighteningly broad, as it is intended to
criminalize even the most ordinary of transactions involving illegally derived
funds, provided the $ 10,000 threshold is exceeded. The legislative history of
the 1986 Act's Section 1957, as explained in United States v. Johnson, indicates
that Section 1957 is aimed at "those third persons - bankers, brokers, real
estate agents, auto dealers and others - who have aided [criminals] by allowing
them to dispose of the profits of [criminal] activity, yet whose conduct has not
been considered criminal under traditional conspiracy law." n63 The broad scope
of Section 1957 is due in part to the fact that it lacks several of the key
elements of Section 1956; most notably it "does not require that the recipient
exchange or launder the funds, nor that he have any intent to further or conceal
such an activity." n64

   The "knowledge" component of Sections 1956 and 1957 of the 1986 Act requires
only that the defendant know that the funds were acquired through some type of
criminal conduct, and not necessarily what type of conduct. n65 The standard in
both sections is "actual" knowledge, as opposed to some lesser standard such as
"should have known" or "reckless disregard." n66 While actual knowledge is often
difficult to prove, courts seem to be in agreement that it can be proven using
only circumstantial evidence. n67 Furthermore, many courts have adopted the
somewhat  [*212]  softer standard of allowing proof of "willful blindness" to
constitute actual knowledge. n68 "Willful blindness" refers to the concept of
"conscious avoidance of knowledge," and the legislative history of the 1986 Act
indicates that "deliberately closing one's eyes is tantamount to actual
knowledge for purposes of the laundering offenses, despite the ultimate wording
of the statute." n69

   Another key to understanding the money laundering provisions of the 1986 Act
is the concept of "tracing," which refers to the prosecution's burden, in
certain situations, of showing that the funds that are the subject of an alleged
money laundering transaction originated from specified criminal activity. n70 It
is generally agreed that Section 1956 does not require the government to trace
alleged money laundering funds back to a  [*213]  specific illegal act; n71 this
applies even when the defendant commingles both clean and dirty funds in an
account which is subsequently used to finance an alleged laundering transaction.
n72 Section 1957, on the other hand, has been construed by some courts as
requiring the prosecution to trace allegedly laundered funds when they have been
commingled. For example, in United States v. Rutgard, n73 the court
distinguished Section 1957 from Section 1956, stating that Section 1957:



   Does not create a presumption that any transfer of cash in an account tainted
by the presence of a small amount of fraudulent proceeds must be a transfer of
these proceeds ... . To create such a presumption in order to sustain a
conviction under 1957 would be to multiply many times the power of that
draconian law. n74

 Tracing has also been required in cases that require a defendant to forfeit
laundered funds. n75

   The penalties set forth in the 1986 Act are severe. A conviction under
Section 1956 carries a maximum criminal penalty of twenty years in prison, a
fine not to exceed the greater of $ 500,000 or twice the value of the laundered
funds, or both. n76 Section 1957 provides for criminal penalties of up to ten
years in prison, a fine, or both. n77 The two sections also carry identical
civil penalties, which are limited to the greater of $ 10,000 or the amount of
the funds laundered. n78 Because each money laundering transaction that affects
interstate commerce is a separate indictable offense, n79 the penalties under
Sections 1956 and 1957 can add up quickly to result in extremely harsh
punishment. The applicable Senate Report states as follows:

    [*214]

[A] drug dealer who takes $ 1 million in cash from a drug sale and divides the
money into smaller lots and deposits it in 10 different banks (or in 10
different branches of the same bank) on the same day has committed 10 distinct
violations ... . If he then withdraws some of the money and uses it to purchase
a boat or condominium, he will have committed two more violations, one for the
withdrawal and one for the purchase. n80

 This notion that related yet distinct money laundering acts can be separately
indicted was challenged in United States v. Martin, n81 and was upheld on the
basis that each transaction under consideration was a separate transaction for
purposes of the 1986 Act, and each required examination of separate and distinct
evidence. n82

   C. Money Laundering Provisions of the Act

 Title III of the Act is named the International Money Laundering Abatement and
Anti-Terrorist Financing Act of 2001. n83 It is divided into three subtitles:
International Counter Money Laundering (Subtitle A), n84 Bank Secrecy Act
Amendments and Related Improvements (Subtitle B), n85 and Currency Crimes and
Protection (Subtitle C). n86 Title III has a total of forty-three sections, and
the following is a discussion of its most important provisions.

   1. Section 302: Findings and Purposes

 Section 302 discusses the findings and purposes of Congress in enacting Title
III. It provides a general discussion regarding the enormous costs that money
laundering has inflicted on the world  [*215]  economy, and cites an estimate by
the International Monetary Fund that money laundering amounts to between two and
five percent of the global gross domestic product. n87 Section 302 targets
offshore banking institutions as primary facilitators of money laundering
activities, due to their "weak financial supervisory and enforcement regimes."
n88 Also targeted are "correspondent banking facilities" and private banking
services, which are recognized for their frequent manipulation by money
launderers and proclivity to conceal the identities of account owners. n89
Section 302 cites the outmoded nature of some of the existing money laundering
laws and the need to tailor new legislation to curb terrorist activity, instead
of focusing with virtual exclusivity on drug-related laundering. n90

   2. Section 311: Special Measures For Jurisdictions, Financial Institutions,
Or International Transactions Or Accounts Of Primary Money Laundering Concern

 Section 311 authorizes the Secretary of the Treasury to require domestic
financial institutions and domestic financial agencies n91 to take any of five
new "special measures" if, after consultation with the Secretary of State and
the Attorney General, the Secretary of the Treasury finds that such action is
warranted to deter a "primary money laundering concern" imposed by sources
outside the United States. n92 The five new special measures would require
domestic financial institutions and financial agencies to (1) perform  [*216]
additional record-keeping and reporting relative to transactions identified as
posing a "primary money laundering concern," including tracking the name and
address of parties to such transactions and identifying the legal capacity in
which a party acts; n93 (2) identify the beneficial owner(s) of an account
opened or maintained in the United States by a foreign person; n94 (3) maintain
records of customers who make use of "payable-through" n95 accounts connected to
any foreign jurisdictions, financial institutions, or classes of transactions
that are of "primary money laundering concern;" n96 (4) identify customers who
use interbank "correspondent accounts" n97 opened by a foreign bank at a U.S.
bank; n98 and (5) prohibit the opening or maintenance of correspondent and
payable-through accounts involving a "primary money laundering concern." n99
Failure to comply with the above "special measures" can result in stiff
penalties totaling "not more than two times the amount of the transaction, but
not more than $ 1,000,000." n100

[*217]

   3. Section 312: Special Due Diligence for Correspondent Accounts and Private
Banking Accounts

 This Section took effect on July 23, 2002 n101 and requires U.S. financial
institutions to conduct enhanced due diligence procedures with respect to
correspondent accounts and private banking accounts n102 that are maintained on
behalf of non-United States persons or their representatives. n103 The due
diligence required under this section involves maintenance of records
identifying the beneficial owners of such accounts and the source of funds
deposited; it also provides for the filing of a Suspicious Activity Report
("SAR") when the situation warrants. n104 For private banking accounts,
"enhanced scrutiny" is required for the accounts of senior foreign political
figures, their close associates, and immediate family. n105 For correspondent
accounts, additional scrutiny is required to determine whether "the
correspondent foreign bank has correspondent banking relationships with other
foreign banks and, if so, the U.S. financial institution must identify such
other banks and conduct general due diligence ... with respect to them." n106 A
financial institution that fails to comply with the provisions of Section 312
can incur the same penalties outlined above under Section 311. n107

[*218]

   4. Section 314: Cooperative Efforts to Deter Money Laundering

 This section directs the Secretary of the Treasury to issue regulations on or
before June 23, 2002 that provide guidelines encouraging and enabling financial
institutions and regulatory and law enforcement agencies to share information
about individuals and entities suspected of terrorist acts and money laundering
activities. n108 Section 314 also grants financial institutions, upon notifying
the Secretary of the Treasury, the immediate authority to share among themselves
information about persons and entities engaged in, or suspected of, terrorism or
money laundering. n109 The Act provides that "such sharing generally will not
constitute a privacy violation of the applicable provisions of the
Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act." n110

   5. Section 315: Inclusion of Foreign Corruption Offenses as Money Laundering
Crimes

 This section expands the list of foreign crimes treated as predicate acts
required for a money laundering charge. Before the IMLA Act, this list consisted
only of drug trafficking, bank fraud, and certain crimes of violence such as
murder, robbery, extortion, and the use of explosives. n111 Section 315 adds the
following to the list of acts that constitute a "specified illegal activity":

   . Bribery of a public official, or the misappropriation,  [*219]  theft, or
embezzlement of public funds by or for the benefit of a public official.

   . Smuggling or export control violations involving an item listed on the U.S.
Munitions List, n112 or an item controlled under regulations under the Export
Administration Regulations. n113

   . An offense for which the United States would be obligated by a multilateral
treaty, either to extradite the alleged offender or to submit the case for
prosecution, if the offender were found within the territory of the United
States. n114

   Thus, individuals or groups caught using the proceeds of any of the above
activities in a U.S. financial transaction will be guilty of money laundering
provided there is the requisite intent (or if more than $ 10,000 is exchanged).
n115

   6. Section 317: Long-Arm Jurisdiction Over Foreign Money Launderers

 The 1986 Act, discussed above, n116 defines the crime of money laundering, but
is silent with respect to jurisdiction over foreigners. n117 Section 317 of the
IMLA Act gives U.S. courts "long arm" jurisdiction over foreign persons and
foreign financial institutions that commit money laundering acts that take place
in the United States, or, in the case of a financial institution, that maintains
a bank account at a financial institution in the United States. n118 Service of
process must be made under the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure or the laws of
the country in which the foreign  [*220]  person is found. n119

   Section 317 has two other important provisions. The first gives the U.S.
jurisdiction over foreign persons who convert property to their own use after
such property has been ordered to be forfeited as a result of a violation of
U.S. money laundering laws. n120 The second allows U.S. courts to issue
restraining orders to preserve property in the U.S. and appoint a receiver to
collect and take possession of assets "in satisfaction of criminal or civil
money laundering or forfeiture judgments." n121

   7. Section 319: Forfeiture of Funds in United States Interbank Accounts

 Section 319 has several important provisions. The first allows the U.S.
government to seize funds and bring a forfeiture action on accounts deposited in
a foreign bank that has a correspondent account in the United States when there
is reasonable cause to believe the funds are derived from criminal activity:
"The funds deposited into the [foreign bank] shall be deemed to have been
deposited into the correspondent account in the United States, and the
government may seize, arrest or restrain the funds in the correspondent account
"up to the value of the funds deposited' into the foreign bank." n122 The
government is not required to establish that the funds seized are directly
traceable to the funds deposited with the foreign bank. n123 Moreover, while it
was previously possible for the foreign bank in this type of situation to
subvert such forfeiture actions by claiming ownership of the funds, Section 319
precludes such measures in most cases. n124

   Section 319 also establishes the "120 hour rule" which requires  [*221]
"covered financial institutions" n125 to provide federal banking agencies with
information related to anti-money laundering compliance not later than 120 hours
after receiving a request to produce such information. n126 This provision
pertains to "all accounts at a covered financial institution and not just
accounts of foreign persons or non-citizens," and does not require court
approval. n127

   Lastly, Section 319 vests the Secretary of the Treasury and the Attorney
General with the power to summon and subpoena records of foreign banks that have
correspondent accounts in the United States, and request records relating to
such accounts, including records maintained outside the United States relating
to the deposit of funds into a foreign bank. n128 Thus, this section provides
U.S. authorities with the power to circumvent mutual legal assistance treaties
and "other procedures dependent on cooperation of foreign governments." n129 It
also sets forth civil penalties of up to $ 10,000 per day on U.S. banks that
maintain correspondent accounts for foreign banks that fail to comply with such
a summons or subpoena. n130

   8. Section 326: Verification of Identification

 Section 326 of the Act will have a significant impact on the operations of
financial institutions, as it requires the Secretary of the Treasury to issue
regulations setting minimum standards for verification of customers' identities.
n131 These new regulations must be issued on or before October 26, 2002, n132
and will require  [*222]  financial institutions to verify customers'
identities, maintain records relating to identity verification, and consult
lists of known or suspected terrorists. n133

   9. Section 351: Amendments Relating to Reporting of Suspicious Activities

 As noted above, the Act provides various measures requiring financial
institutions to submit suspicious activity reports to the federal government.
n134 Section 351 of the Act deals with the liability of financial institutions
for such reports. The Bank Secrecy Act provides immunity from civil liability to
financial institutions and their officers, directors, employees, and agents who
report suspicious activities. n135 Such immunity provides protection from any
"person" under the Bank Secrecy Act ("BSA"), but Section 351 of the IMLA Act
amends the BSA to exclude governments and government agencies from the
definition of "person." n136 This section was presumably enacted to give
financial institutions some degree of accountability relative to their duty to
file SARs, while continuing to grant financial institutions immunity from the
individuals and entities that are the subject of the SARs.

   10. Section 352: Anti-Money Laundering Programs

 Section 352 requires financial institutions to institute anti-money laundering
programs that have the following characteristics:

   (i) the development of internal policies, procedures, and controls;

   (ii) the designation of a compliance officer;

   (iii) an ongoing employee training program; and

    [*223]  (iv) an independent audit function to test programs. n137

   This section took effect on April 24, 2002 n138 and requires the Secretary of
the Treasury to issue, on or before that date, regulations that "consider the
extent to which the requirements imposed under this section are commensurate
with the size, location, and activities of the financial institutions to which
such regulations apply." n139 It is anticipated by some that the Secretary will
use this provision of the Act to allow certain "non-regulated service providers
such as real estate closing agents and vehicle sellers," which are included in
the Act's definition of "financial institution," to adopt less cumbersome
anti-money laundering programs than those that will be required of entities that
fit the traditional definition of the term "financial institution." n140
Moreover, it is expected that large, traditional financial institutions with
operations overseas are expected to have more sophisticated anti-money
laundering programs than smaller, strictly domestic ones. n141

   The financial services industry will wait anxiously as Section 352 takes its
ultimate shape over the coming months. Most large, traditional financial
institutions have had anti-money laundering programs in place for many years,
and they have incurred significant costs in doing so. n142 While most financial
institutions, at least for the time being, seem to be taking a patriotic "grin
and bear it" attitude to the money laundering provisions of the Act, a few have
expressed concern over the additional costs they expect to incur. n143
International Bank of Commerce ("IBC"), based in Laredo, Texas, has had a "know
your customer policy" in place for twenty years, and it processed roughly 40,000
currency transaction reports in the year 2000. n144 IBC already spends about $
700,000 a  [*224]  year investigating and reporting suspicious transactions, and
has "complained that the new act's requirement to investigate the bank's
customer list would be a daunting and expensive proposition, involving some 1
million accounts." n145

   11. Section 359: Reporting of Suspicious Activities By Underground Banking
Systems

 Although this section of the Act does not specifically use the term "hawala,"
it is primarily intended to expand the definition of "financial institution," as
that term is used in the money laundering statutes, to include hawalas and other
informal banking systems. n146 Specifically, Section 359 amends the definition
of "financial institution" to include:



   [A] licensed sender of money or any other person who engages as a business in
the transmission of funds, including through an informal value transfer banking
system or network of people facilitating the transfer of value domestically or
internationally outside of the conventional financial institutions system. n147

 Section 359 also directs the Secretary of the Treasury to issue a report to
Congress on or before October 26, 2002 detailing the need for any additional
legislation regarding the regulation of informal banking networks. n148

   12. Section 361: Financial Crimes Enforcement Network

 The Financial Crimes Enforcement Network ("FinCEN") has been in existence since
1990, when it was created by an order from the Secretary of the Treasury, n149
and has served primarily as a "clearinghouse for financial information" such as
the CTRs and  [*225]  SARs filed by financial institutions. n150 FinCEN has
often been criticized for its inefficiency, but it is hoped that changes made by
the IMLA Act will help it shed this image and become an effective contributor to
the war on money laundering. n151 The IMLA Act specifies the responsibilities of
FinCEN's director, "significantly expands" the duties of FinCEN, n152 and, for
the first time, gives it statutory authority to perform its functions. n153
However, one has to wonder whether FinCEN's skimpy 2003 budget of $ 52.3 million
will allow it to fulfill the lofty new role that Congress has given it. n154

   13. Section 371: Bulk Cash Smuggling Into or Out of the United States

 Under existing currency reporting laws, one must declare cash or other monetary
instruments when they are transported into or  [*226]  out of the United States.
n155 Section 371 of the IMLA Act creates the new criminal offense of bulk cash
smuggling. n156 It applies to individuals who knowingly conceal more than $
10,000 in currency in any fashion in an attempt to evade currency reporting
requirements and who transport, or attempt to transport, such currency into or
out of the United States. n157 According to one author, this section "elevates
the seriousness of smuggling currency into or out of the United States to the
same level as the smuggling of firearms, jewels or counterfeit merchandise."
n158 Violation of this section of the Act carries a penalty of up to five years
imprisonment and forfeiture of any property used in or traceable to the offense.
n159

   Interestingly, some reports have indicated that the September 11 hijackings
were at least partially funded by cash that was legally transported and declared
into the United States. n160 The Washington Post reported that:



   Two of the hijackers, Ahmed Alghamdi and Mohand Alshehri, may have brought
large amounts of cash into the country in person - even adhering to customs
rules that require travelers to declare at least $ 10,000 in cash. A man with
Alghamdi's name declared $ 14,000 on Aug. 10 in Newark, while a man listing his
name as Alshehri declared $ 20,000 on Aug. 14 in Atlanta. n161

 The same article reports that many of the hijackers and their supporters opened
bank accounts in the United States using their passports and visas, rather than
social security numbers, which made it impossible for banks to run credit and
identity checks. n162  [*227]  Thus, while the bulk cash smuggling provisions of
the IMLA Act (Section 371) will do nothing to deter similar future movements of
legally declared cash into the U.S., it is possible that the Act's identity
verification provisions (Section 326) and/or general anti-money laundering
awareness requirements (e.g., Sections 352, 359, 361) will be effective at
preventing similar movements of funds by individuals with ties to terrorist
organizations.

   II. Analysis of the IMLA Act: Strengths and Weaknesses of the Act and the
Future of Money Laundering

   A. Initial Responses to the Act: Will It Accomplish What the Previous
Legislation Did Not?

 Perhaps due to a fear of being perceived as unpatriotic, critics of the Act's
money laundering provisions have remained surprisingly mute. Most of the
criticism levied on the Act to date has been aimed at the constitutionality of
its surveillance and immigration provisions. n163 Nevertheless, the Act's money
laundering provisions have not remained completely unscathed. Some consider them
to be an administrative burden with great potential to decrease the
competitiveness of U.S. "financial institutions," as that word is loosely
defined in the Act, without noticeably curtailing terrorism and other forms of
organized crime. n164 Others have argued that the Act is unconstitutionally
vague, and that courts will be unable to determine Congress' intent  [*228]  due
to the Act's scant legislative history. n165 Another viewpoint is that a public
backlash will occur when members of the general public realize that financial
institutions now have the right to probe and control their private lives to an
alarming degree. n166

   The existing legislation has done surprisingly little to deter money
laundering, especially the international variety, since the crime of money
laundering was first established by Sections 1956 and 1957 of the 1986 Act.
Since its enactment, "just over 100 cases have been brought in federal court
which resulted in a conviction under 1956(a)(2)," n167 and "on the domestic
front, U.S. Department of Justice figures show that from 1987 to 1995, only
3,000 money laundering cases, against 7,300 defendants, were filed, yielding 580
guilty verdicts and 2,295 guilty pleas." n168 Whether the money laundering
provisions of the Act will bring about significant improvements remains to be
seen, but Congress' lack of care in formulating the Act does not instill
confidence:



   Congress' so-called deliberative process was reduced to this - closed door
negotiations; no conference committee; no committee reports; no final hearing at
which opponents could testify; not even an opportunity for most of the
legislators to read the 131 single-spaced pages about to become law. Indeed, for
part of the time, both the House and Senate were closed because of the anthrax
scare; congressional staffers weren't able  [*229]  to access their working
papers. n169

 There is little doubt that there will be a high price to pay for the additional
security the IMLA Act is intended to provide. It has been estimated that the new
reporting rules will cause banks in Florida alone to lose $ 18 billion to $ 34
billion of the $ 49 billion they presently hold in accounts of non-resident
aliens. n170

   Many provisions of the Act are maddeningly vague; in fact some critics have
contended that the Act as a whole should be declared unconstitutionally vague.
n171 It seems highly unlikely, however, that the Act will be overturned, and it
should be noted that numerous sections require interpretive regulations to be
issued. Nevertheless, the Act's negligible legislative history will make it
difficult for courts to discern the intent of Congress. n172

   B. Impact of the Act on Financial Institutions and Other Businesses

 The IMLA Act conscripts into service numerous entities that previously had
limited or no involvement in the fight against money laundering. For example,
Section 365 of the Act requires all businesses, not just financial institutions,
to file a CTR with the federal government for every cash transaction in excess
of $ 10,000. n173 Broker-dealers will have a similarly expanded role in
anti-money laundering efforts. While broker-dealers have long  [*230]  been
subject to the same CTR filing requirements as banks, they have not been
compelled to file SARs. n174 This exemption, however, is expected to change
pursuant to proposed rules filed by the Treasury Department on December 21,
2001. n175 "Given the proposed $ 5,000 threshold for suspicious activity
reporting and the breadth of instances in which reports are required,
broker-dealers will need to significantly increase due diligence activities
regarding account transactions." n176 Broker-dealers have also never been
legally obligated to conduct "know your customer" procedures, although the
industry has strongly encouraged such activities for many years. n177 This, too,
will soon change as broker-dealers are included among those who, under Section
326 of the Act, must follow the Treasury Department's guidelines regarding
identity verification and record-keeping. n178

   It seems ironic that the nation's financial institutions now seem to be
publicly embracing legislation that they have spent years trying to defeat.
Banks and other members of the financial services industry have spent the last
decade lobbying against stiffer money laundering regulations, n179 presumably
because such legislation has the potential to create administrative burdens that
can require significant compliance expenditures. Passage of the IMLA Act has
created concerns among industry analysts regarding the ability of U.S. financial
institutions to compete internationally. n180 Nevertheless, John J. Byrne,
Senior Counsel and Compliance Manager of the American Bankers Association,
recently claimed, "the banking industry strongly supported Title  [*231]  III of
the USA Patriot Act," n181 and Charlotte Bahin, regulatory counsel for America's
Community Bankers, stated "in spite of the inevitability of new regulatory
requirements associated with the act, I haven't heard anybody complain." n182 It
seems that banks and other financial services providers, at least for the time
being, are willing to do what is perceived as their patriotic duty; or perhaps
some might be concerned about the public relations backlash that might occur if
they opposed the IMLA Act's provisions.

   Banks were already saddled with enormous financial reporting requirements
prior to the passage of the Act. The Bank Secrecy Act, for example, requires
banks to file currency transaction reports for all cash deposits and withdrawals
in excess of $ 10,000 (a threshold, incidentally, that has not changed since the
passage of the BSA in the 1970s). n183 This requirement results in a monumental
amount of paperwork for the government to process, in addition to substantial
fines for non-compliant banks, such as the $ 10 million U.S. Trust recently
paid. n184 Nearly thirteen million CTRs are filed each year, and the sentiment
shared by many bankers is that they are "virtually useless." n185 Naturally,
this viewpoint might be colored somewhat by the fact that financial institutions
are not typically permitted to observe how the CTRs they file are ultimately
used in criminal investigations, or even which ones are  [*232]  used. n186
Clearly, a different view is held by prosecutors who rely heavily on CTRs and
SARs to establish money laundering paper trails. n187

   Despite the regulatory burdens already faced by banks, the Act not only
expands the definition of "financial institution," it greatly expands the due
diligence measures required of such organizations. n188 It also provides
substantial incentives to err on the side of maximum reporting, since the Act
now allows for financial institutions to be held liable for failure to identify
terrorist activities, and it grants financial institutions immunity from the
individuals and entities that are the subject of CTRs and SARs. n189 According
to some experts, the additional expense and time required by these regulations
hardly seems justified. James Rockett, a San Francisco bank attorney, recently
had this to say about the Act's enhanced regulatory burdens on banks: "the
popular myth is that this will allow [the government] to identify terrorist
activities ... . I think that belief is misplaced. The more likely impact on
banks is that they're not going to be able to identify terrorists any better,
but they're going to be held accountable." n190 Furthermore, while the filing
requirements for  [*233]  CTRs remain fairly concrete, the type of "suspicious"
activity that compels the filing of a SAR remains nebulous and primarily
subjective. n191 "The head of the Treasury's Financial Crimes Enforcement
Network has been quoted as saying the decision to report will often come down to
"a hunch.'" n192 With heavy penalties at stake for financial institutions that
fail to identify suspicious activities, one would think that more clearly
definable standards would be established.

   Another aspect of the Act that has received criticism is its failure to
adequately address money laundering that occurs through informal banking systems
such as hawalas and the black market peso exchange. Hawalas have been around for
centuries, and are used primarily in the Middle East and parts of Asia to serve
as unlicensed, unregulated banks that engage in paperless monetary transfers.
n193 The U.S. Treasury has specifically identified Pakistan, India, and Dubai as
the "hawala triangle," as these areas of the globe have unusually high reliance
on hawala systems. n194 The typical hawala operates as follows: an individual
who wishes to transfer money to a target individual gives the funds to a hawala
dealer and provides him with a code. n195 The dealer contacts one of his
associates near the target individual, who is granted access to the funds upon
furnishing the appropriate code. n196 The dealer and his associate typically
engage in a series of similar transactions, and settle up their debts on a
periodic basis. n197 A typical transaction, however, is untraceable because
there is no wiring of funds or transfer of cash between the dealer and his
associate, and record-  [*234]  keeping is minimal, if not non-existent. n198

   As discussed, above, Section 359 of the Act expands the definition of
"financial institution" to include hawalas and other informal banking systems.
n199 Stefan D. Cassella, the assistant chief of the Asset Forfeiture and Money
Laundering Section of the U.S. Department of Justice, feels that Congress should
have done more to address the problems presented by hawalas and other
unregulated financial entities. n200 For example, Cassella suggests that
Congress, in passing the IMLA Act, failed to close a loophole in the law that
arguably allows every hawala-type transaction to escape the statutory definition
of money laundering. n201 Under the existing law, a financial transaction must
involve criminal proceeds to constitute money laundering, and Cassella indicates
that the parallel, yet separate, transactions that characterize all hawala
transfers could be construed by courts as not technically constituting money
laundering. n202 Cassella points to United States v. Covey as an example of a
case involving such parallel transactions that did produce a criminal
conviction, but he nevertheless proposes "an amendment that says that, if a
financial transaction involves criminal proceeds, then any parallel transaction,
or transaction that completes or complements that transaction, involves
[criminal] proceeds as well. Closing this potential loophole would nip a major
international money laundering problem in the bud." n203

   Another flaw of the IMLA Act that will reduce its effectiveness is its
failure to adequately address the threat posed by individuals who launder funds
using the internet and other unregulated digital payment systems. The worldwide
proliferation of internet usage has resulted in the emergence of various
non-traditional payment systems that can be anonymously utilized and virtually
impossible to trace. n204 Money launderers have increasingly  [*235]  turned to
such digital payment systems as their preferred means to hide criminally derived
proceeds. n205 However, the IMLA Act does not specifically regulate digital
payment systems, which have been described as having the capacity to "eliminate
the effectiveness of laws that establish paper trails." n206 For example, "money
transferred from a bank account onto a [stored value card] n207 at an ATM or
through an electronic wallet connected to a personal computer can be transferred
anywhere in the world without a single reporting requirement." n208 Stanley
Morris, Director of the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network, "has expressed
concern about "anonymous international cash flows' made possible by the
worldwide web. "These new technologies can make it possible to conduct
large-scale transactions instantaneously, remotely, and anonymously, and they
may permit such transactions to take place without the involvement of
traditional financial institutions.'" n209 It seems that Congress has missed the
boat by continuing to turn a blind eye to technologically advanced laundering
techniques and choosing instead to remain in the twentieth century. It is
difficult to imagine that crime and terrorism will be significantly impacted by
antiquated and unimaginative laws such as the "know your customer" provisions of
Section 326, n210 the bulk cash smuggling provisions of Section 371, n211 and
the modestly expanded role of  [*236]  FinCEN as provided in Section 361. n212

   A number of solutions have been proposed that would enable law enforcement
authorities to more effectively combat money laundering that occurs through such
non-traditional channels. These remedies include: (1) amending the existing
money laundering statutes to allow them to encompass emerging technologies; n213
(2) re-defining the focus of money laundering legislation to target not just
"financial institutions" but also non-financial institutions that facilitate or
engage in such digital monetary transfers; n214 and (3) providing law
enforcement authorities with access to digital cryptographic keys. n215 This
last solution is riddled with privacy invasion issues, which could be avoided
somewhat by allowing key escrow agencies to maintain "records of all
cryptographic keys in use by the public and releasing them under judicial
subpoena." n216

   Another criticism of the IMLA Act is that when financial institutions put
into place the "know your customer" policies required by the Act, many Americans
may find them to be intrusive or even discriminatory. John A. Herrera, Vice
President for Latino/Hispanic Affairs, Self-Help Credit Union and Board Chair of
the Latino Community Credit Union, recently testified before Congress expressing
his concerns that vital financial institution services are likely to be denied
to legal immigrants, for example, because they may not be eligible to obtain a
social security number and thus not able to furnish information required by some
banks and credit unions to open an account. n217 Herrera's statement included
the following points:



   The lack of certainty in the current regulatory environment results in many
banks not welcoming immigrants ... . Since September 11, members of credit
unions have begun encountering problems in obtaining individual tax
identification numbers so that they can open accounts, earn interest and pay
[*237]  taxes ... . We believe it is imperative that policymakers do not develop
rules that will result in unreasonable obstacles to serving our members. n218

 Herrera was particularly concerned about Section 326 of the Act, n219 which
requires the Secretary of the Treasury to issue regulations setting minimum
standards for verification of customers' identities. n220 These new regulations
must be issued on or before October 26, 2002, n221 and will require financial
institutions to verify customers' identities, maintain records relating to
identity verification, and consult lists of known or suspected terrorists. n222
Herrera indicated that individuals who are denied basic banking services are
unable to earn interest, more likely to be victims of violent crime (due to
their resultant increase in cash holdings), and are susceptible to the
inequities of predatory lenders. n223

   C. Will the IMLA Act Really Help Stop Terrorism?

 The Act's Title III anti-money laundering provisions were enacted in large part
due to the belief that terrorist groups, like Osama bin Laden's al Qaeda, are
becoming increasingly sophisticated and well-financed. n224 Some reports of al
Qaeda's financial savvy have been greatly exaggerated, however. For example,
shortly after the September 11 attacks, federal and international authorities
began investigating reports that the terrorists had made strategic investments
designed to profit from the attacks. n225 The investigations focused on
suspicious short sales  [*238]  of certain airline and insurance company stocks
that occurred shortly before September 11. n226 Munich Re, a German insurance
company which issued numerous insurance policies for tenants of the World Trade
Centers, saw its stock fall twelve percent on the four days prior to the attacks
and fifteen percent on September 11. n227 Newspaper headlines during the days
following the attacks were filled with stories alleging how the terrorists
appeared to have financially benefited from their actions, but the allegations
ultimately proved to be largely without merit. n228 The New York Times reported
as follows on September 28, 2001:



   After almost two weeks of investigation, financial regulators around the
world have found no hard evidence that people with advance knowledge of the
terrorist attacks in New York and Washington used that information to profit in
the international securities markets. And a number of officials are beginning to
express doubt that such a plan existed. n229

 Some of the most suspicious and heavily investigated short trading activity on
airline stocks turned out to have been done by another airline as part of a
common hedging strategy to protect from economic downturns in the industry. The
coincidental decline of Munich Re's stock price shortly before the attacks has
since been attributed to negative securities analyst reports issued during the
week prior to September 11. n230

   While reports of the terrorists' ability to financially profit from the
attacks seem to be exaggerated, it is undisputed that groups like al Qaeda have
vast financial resources that spread like tentacles throughout the world. n231
Bin Laden's personal fortune  [*239]  has been estimated to be as high as $ 300
million, and private donors are believed to contribute several million dollars
to his terrorist network every year. n232 This is an impressive sum, but even
more alarming is that bin Laden's wealth "is not the sole or even the primary
source of al Qaeda funds today, according to a variety of sources, including
United States government reports, Pakistani intelligence sources and the
testimony of a former associate." n233 Fund-raising activities of al Qaeda
allegedly have run the gamut from "operating ostrich farms and shrimp boats in
Kenya, to owning forest land in Turkey, to engaging in diamond trading in Africa
and acquiring agricultural holdings in Tajikistan." n234

   It is important to note that, unlike the narcotics trafficking activities
that our nation's money laundering provisions were originally enacted to combat,
much of the funding of al Qaeda and other terrorist networks is obtained
legally. Obviously, this makes it less likely for such organizations to need to
resort to money laundering, and more important for law enforcement authorities
to have to rely on other laws and means to thwart terrorist activities. Indeed,
it seems entirely possible that the IMLA Act could very well have more of an
impact in stopping drug-related crimes than terrorism.

   Al Qaeda and certain other terrorist networks may be well-funded, and the
attacks that occurred on September 11, 2001 may have required unprecedented
levels of sophisticated planning, but it does not appear that vast sums of money
were used in planning or carrying out the recent attacks. Reports indicate that
the terrorists were initially funded with a wire transfer of $ 100,000 that
[*240]  was subsequently supplemented by occasional additional deposits, usually
of $ 10,000 or less. n235 The funds were ultimately dispersed among roughly nine
checking accounts at a Florida bank, and it has been observed that there was no
unusual activity in those accounts that would have alerted authorities under
even the most intense scrutiny. n236 This is hardly surprising, considering that
"banks in Florida hold about $ 49 billion in non-resident alien deposits." n237

   It is believed that the hijackers often paid cash for flight training lessons
that cost as much as $ 20,000. n238 This would certainly raise eyebrows, but
given the enormous demands on the time of the FBI and other federal agencies, it
would be hard to speculate that such transactions would ever amount to more than
a momentary blip on their radar. Still, some have indicated that, even with the
existing policies and procedures, someone should have noticed that something was
awry: Senator Charles E. Grassley (R-Iowa), ranking minority member of the
Senate Finance Committee, indicated that "law enforcement officials did not take
notice of large cash transactions by hijackers or their associates, which should
have been documented by Suspicious Activity Reports, or SARs, collected by the
IRS." n239

   It is highly questionable whether the money laundering provisions of the Act
would have deterred or prevented the World Trade Center attack. As discussed
above, Section 371 of the Act provides new bulk cash smuggling rules that
prohibit transporting more than $ 10,000 into or out of the U.S. in an attempt
to evade  [*241]  currency reporting requirements. n240 Stefan D. Cassella, the
assistant chief of the Asset Forfeiture and Money Laundering Section of the U.S.
Department of Justice feels that the new bulk cash smuggling rules are
inadequate. n241 Cassella notes that the September 11 terrorists "engaged in
moving quantities of money from place to place in the United States, using
public transportation and other facilities of interstate commerce, and clearly
intending that the money be used to commit one of the greatest criminal acts
ever perpetrated on American soil," and he suggests that "transporting such a
large quantity of cash - on a highway, in an airport, or on a train or bus -
should be an offense as well, if the courier knows the money is criminal
proceeds or that it is intended to be used for an unlawful purpose." n242
Cassella believes that U.S. money laundering laws in general are too
retrospective in nature; they ask "what was the source of the laundered money
and how has the bad guy tried to hide it?" instead of "what is the bad guy
planning to do with the money that he is going to such great lengths to conceal
it." n243

   Conclusion

 It is a cliche to observe that the world became a different place after
September 11, 2001, but many things have changed, and the International Money
Laundering Abatement and Anti-Terrorist Financing Act of 2001 is part of the new
landscape. It will affect most Americans in some way, and many will undoubtedly
be affected to a profound degree. Only time will tell if the IMLA Act will
accomplish the objectives of its creators, but Congress' failure to adequately
debate the Act's provisions is alarming, and the cost of the act in terms of
increased regulatory burdens and decreased privacy of Americans is immeasurable.
Swift action is needed in times of crisis, but it does not augur well when a
panicked Congress passes legislation that has been repeatedly rejected over a
period  [*242]  of many years. n244

   It is entirely possible that the IMLA Act will have benefits other than those
intended. The Act clearly has the purpose of targeting and thwarting terrorist
activity, but it is likely that the Act will also provide law enforcement
authorities with greater leverage to deter and prosecute more traditional
laundering activities, such as those conducted by narcotics traffickers. It has
also been suggested that the Act will help the IRS crack down on tax evasion, a
crime commonly associated with money laundering. "The IRS has been pushing for
some of the same disclosure and information provisions provided in [the IMLA
Act] in its pursuit of U.S. citizens and residents using foreign bank accounts
and trusts to avoid U.S. taxes." n245 Moreover, several traditional offshore
banking havens have recently succumbed to pressure by U.S. tax authorities to be
more cooperative in rooting out tax evasion. An example is the agreement
recently reached between the U.S. and the Cayman Islands that calls for granting
access by U.S. tax authorities to Cayman Island bank accounts starting in 2004.
n246

   Terrorism is fundamentally different from other varieties of organized crime
in the sense that its ultimate objective does not directly involve the financial
enrichment of its perpetrators. Money laundering has only been a crime since
1986, and since that time it has primarily been used, with moderate success, to
combat the war on drugs. n247 The new legislation is intended to expand the 1986
Act to allow its provisions to help fight terrorism. There is no doubt that
every American would feel more secure if groups like al Qaeda were to be
stripped of their financial resources; but the reality is that such groups often
derive the vast majority of their funds through legitimate contributions and
businesses, and the attacks like the one that occurred on September 11, 2001 can
be accomplished with minimal resources. Clearly, law enforcement will have to
rely on other means if it is going to be successful in thwarting terrorism. Our
money laundering laws will continue to be used in the effort to thwart organized
crime, but  [*243]  the provisions of the IMLA Act will have a negligible effect
on the war against terrorism while creating serious headaches for financial
institutions and many Americans.


Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Banking LawCriminal OffensesMoney LaunderingBanking LawFederal ActsBank Secrecy
ActCriminal Law & ProcedureCriminal OffensesMiscellaneous OffensesGeneral
Overview

FOOTNOTES:




n1.  The Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools
Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism (USA Patriot Act) Act of 2001, Pub.
L. No. 107-56, 115 Stat. 272 (2001).





n2.  See Matthew Purdy, A Nation Challenged: The Law; Bush's New Rules to Fight
Terror Transform the Legal Landscape, N.Y. Times, Nov. 25, 2001, at 1A; 78
Interpreter Releases 1703 (Nov. 5, 2001) (giving a broad overview of the Act).





n3.  See generally USA Patriot Act. The other titles of the Act are Title I,
"Enhancing Domestic Security Against Terrorism"; Title V, "Removing Obstacles to
Investigating Terrorism"; Title VI, "Providing for Victims of Terrorism, Public
Safety Officers, and their Families"; Title VII, "Increased Information Sharing
for Critical Infrastructure Protection"; Title IX, "Improved Intelligence"; and
Title X, "Miscellaneous". Id.





n4.  See Infringing on Civil Liberties, St. Petersburg Times, Oct. 29, 2001, at
10A.





n5.  J.M. Lawrence, War on Terrorism; Anti-Terror Laws in Place; Feds Urgently
Implement Crackdown, Boston Herald, Oct. 27, 2001, News, at 5.





n6.  See id.





n7.  Ann McFeatters, Bush Signs Anti-Terror Bill; Says Tough Law Will Preserve
Constitutional Rights, Pittsburgh-Post Gazette, Oct. 27, 2001, at A6.





n8.  See generally George Lardner, Jr., On Left and Right, Concern over
Anti-Terrorism Moves; Administration Actions Threaten Civil Liberties, Critics
Say, Wash. Post, Nov. 16, 2001, at A40 (discussing various criticisms of the Act
with respect to its encroachment on civil liberties, such as "the order
empowering [Attorney General] Ashcroft to violate the attorney-client privilege
without a court order" and citing Sen. Patrick Leahy's observation that "there's
a lot of disquiet among both Republican and Democratic senators who think the
rules of law are being turned on their head, and they wonder what we gain by
it."); Ross K. Baker, Nobody Named Bush King Yet, L.A. Times, Nov. 27, 2001, at
B11 ("The U.S. Constitution proclaims that "the executive power shall be vested
in a president of the United States.' It does not say that exclusive power shall
be vested in the president. Yet that seems to be the interpretation placed on
its responses to terrorism in recent weeks by the Bush administration.").





n9.  See, e.g., Mark G. Young, What Big Eyes and Ears You Have!: A New Regime
for Covert Government Surveillance, 70 Fordham L. Rev. 1017, 1046-1109 (2001)
(analyzing the Act's electronic surveillance provisions within the context of
the Fourth Amendment, and concluding, in part, that "as Fourth Amendment
doctrine has evolved the government/law enforcement component has grown steadily
more robust and expansive, while the rights component has remained static or has
weakened."); Marion Davis, Immigrants Urged to Be Alert to Loss of Liberties,
Providence J., Mar. 11, 2002, at B1 (discussing constitutional challenges to the
Act's immigration provisions and comparing the U.S. response to prior periods in
U.S. history in which immigration policies were revised).





n10.  See Young, supra note 9, at 1046-1109. To locate the electronic
surveillance provisions, see The Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing
Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism (USA Patriot Act)
Act of 2001, Pub. L. No. 107-56, 201-225, 115 Stat. 272 (2001).





n11.  See Davis, supra note 9, at B1. To locate the immigration provisions, see
USA Patriot Act 401-428.





n12.  USA Patriot Act 301-377.





n13.  See, e.g., Katherine Goncharoff, New Laundering Rules Draw VCs' Interest,
Daily Deal, Mar. 19, 2002, available at 2002 WL 6788514 (providing an overview
of the Act's impact on financial institutions, particularly venture capital
firms, and stating that "financial institutions that previously didn't have to
worry much about money laundering will be required to comply with the new laws,
among them securities broker dealers, money transfer businesses, credit unions,
issuers of travelers' checks and some credit-card system operators.").





n14.  The Bank Secrecy Act of 1970, Pub. L. No. 91-508, 84 Stat. 114 (1970)
(codified as amended at 31 U.S.C. 5311-5314, 5316-5324) requires banks to file
currency transaction reports for all cash deposits and withdrawals in excess of
$ 10,000. See Geoffrey M. Connor, Banking Aspects of the USA PATRIOT Act, N.J.
L.J., Dec. 3, 2001, at 2-3 . The Bank Secrecy Act also requires that banks file
SARs when they are a party to a transaction of $ 5,000 or more "and the bank
knows, suspects, or has reason to suspect that the transaction involves funds
derived from illegal activities" or "the transaction has no business or apparent
lawful purpose or is not the sort in which the particular customer would
normally be expected to engage." Peter Carbonara, Dirty Money: Terrorism Has
Shed New Light on Global Money Laundering - Here's How It Works, Why It Exists
and Why the Proposed Government Crackdown Could Change the Way We All Do
Business, Money Magazine, Jan. 1, 2002, at 90.





n15.  See Goncharoff, supra note 13.





n16.  Kelly Neal Carpenter, Eighth Survey of White Collar Crime: Money
Laundering, 30 Am. Crim. L. Rev. 813, 813 (1993).





n17.  See id. at 814.





n18.  See Scott Sultzer, Money Laundering: The Scope of the Problem and Attempts
to Combat It, 63 Tenn. L. Rev. 143, 145 (1995).





n19.  See id.





n20.  See Teresa Adams, Tacking on Money Laundering Charges to White Collar
Crimes: What Did Congress Intend, and What Are the Courts Doing?, 17 Ga. St. U.
L. Rev. 531, 536 (2000).





n21.  Sultzer, supra note 18, at 149.





n22.  See id.





n23.  See William F. Bruton, Money Laundering: Is It Now a Corporate Problem?,
17 Dick. J. Int'l L. 437, 440-41 (1999).





n24.  The Bank Secrecy Act of 1970, Pub. L. No. 91-508, 84 Stat. 114 (1970)
(codified as amended at 31 U.S.C. 5311-5314, 5316-5324).





n25.  Sultzer, supra note 18, at 152-53.





n26.  See id. at 153.





n27.  See Louis Csoka, Combating Money Laundering: A Primer for Financial
Services Professionals, 20 Ann. Rev. Banking L. 311, 335-36 (2001).





n28.  See Adams, supra note 20, at 536.





n29.  See Sultzer, supra note 18, at 149 (explaining that conversion of funds to
negotiable instruments has the added benefit of enabling the money launderer to
avoid detection under the Bank Secrecy Act's cash reporting requirements).





n30.  See Adams, supra note 20, at 536-37.





n31.  See Sultzer, supra note 18, at 149.





n32.  See Lisa A. Barbot, Money Laundering: An International Challenge, 3 Tul.
J. Int'l & Comp. L. 161, 167 (1995); see also Adams, supra note 20, at 537.





n33.  See Csoka, supra note 27, at 336; Barbot, supra note 32, at 167. But see
infra notes 78-94, 109-17 (discussing provisions of the Act intended to compel
offshore banking locales with lenient bank reporting laws to cooperate with U.S.
anti-money laundering efforts); Aline Sullivan, Shadows Lift on Sunny Havens:
Offshore Accounts Attract More Scrutiny From Tax Authorities, Barron's, Feb. 11,
2002, at 30 (discussing measures recently taken by U.S. regulators to get
popular offshore banking locales and tax havens to cooperate in the effort to
deter money laundering and tax evasion, and stating that "for the first time,
U.S. regulators are shining harsh spotlights on the shady parts of some sunny
island nations. The Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development, too,
is cracking down on offshore tax havens, and those that remain on its blacklist
... may be subject to financial sanctions."); David Hardesty, Cayman Islands
Agrees to Share Tax Information (2001) (discussing an agreement between the U.S.
and the Cayman Islands that calls for granting access by U.S. tax authorities to
Cayman Island bank accounts starting in 2004), available at
http://www.ecommercetax.com/doc/120901.htm (last visited Jan. 30, 2002).





n34.  See Adams, supra note 20, at 537.





n35.  Sarah Jane Hughes, Policing Money Laundering Through Funds Transfers: A
Critique of Regulation Under The Bank Secrecy Act, 67 Ind. L.J. 283, 307 (1992).





n36.  See Carbonara, supra note 14.





n37.  Id. To download SAR forms, visit http://www.fincen.gov/bsaf main.html
(last visited Jan. 30, 2002).





n38.  The Bank Secrecy Act of 1970, Pub. L. No. 91-508, 101, 84 Stat. 114 (1970)
(codified as amended at 31 U.S.C. 5311-5314, 5316-5324).





n39.  See Adams, supra note 20, at 537-38.





n40.  See id.





n41.  See generally, Carbonara, supra note 14.





n42.  See Adams, supra note 20, at 531.





n43.  18 U.S.C. 1956-1957 (1994 & Supp. IV 1998), amended by Antiterrorism and
Effective Death Penalty Act of 1996, Pub. L. No. 104-132, 726, 110 Stat. 1214,
1301-02 (1998); Adams, supra note 20, at 532.





n44.  See Carpenter, supra note 16, at 814.





n45.  See id.





n46.  See Peter J. Kacarab, An Indepth Analysis of the New Money Laundering
Statutes, 8 Akron Tax J. 1 (1991) (stating that Congress has for the first time
acknowledged the criminal enterprises' penchant for money laundering).





n47.  See Adams, supra note 20, at 544.





n48.  See Daniel H. April & Angelo M. Grasso, Money Laundering, 38 Am. Crim. L.
Rev. 1051, 1054 (2001).





n49.  See 18 U.S.C. 1956(c)(7) (2001); 18 U.S.C. 1957(f)(3) (2001).





n50.  18 U.S.C. 1956(a)(1)(A)(i).





n51.  Id. 1956(a)(1)(A)(ii).





n52.  Id. 1956(a)(1)(B)(i).





n53.  Id. 1956(a)(1)(B)(ii).





n54.  Id. 1956(a)(2).





n55.  Id. 1956(a)(2)(A).





n56.  Id. 1956(a)(2)(B)(i).





n57.  Id. 1956(a)(2)(B)(ii).





n58.  Id. 1956(a)(3).





n59.  Id. 1956(a)(3)(A).





n60.  Id. 1956(a)(3)(B).





n61.  Id. 1956(a)(3).





n62.  Id. 1957(a).





n63.  United States v. Johnson, 971 F.2d 562 (10th Cir. 1992).





n64.  Carpenter, supra note 16, at 824.





n65.  See April & Grasso, supra note 48, at 1058-59.





n66.  See id. at 1059.





n67.  See United States v. Heaps, 39 F.3d 479, 484 (4th Cir. 1994); United
States v. Rasheed, 663 F.2d 843, 848 (9th Cir. 1981).





n68.  See April & Grasso, supra note 48, at 1060. For example, in United States
v. Giraldi, 86 F.3d 1368 (5th Cir. 1996), the court upheld a private banker's
money laundering conviction when the prosecution proved the defendant's willful
blindness, based on the following findings:



   The banker did not follow "know-your-client" procedures and later lied about
it; the banker failed to investigate his client although he had a duty to do so;
the banker ignored false statements of his client about the source of the
client's funds; the banker failed to properly document the transactions on his
client's behalf; and the banker engaged in damage control once the federal
investigation began.

 Csoka, supra note 27, at 326. It has been observed that judicial application of
the willful blindness doctrine in money laundering cases has been inconsistent
and somewhat arbitrary. See, e.g., Frans J. Von Kaenel, Willful Blindness: A
Permissible Substitute for Actual Knowledge Under the Money Laundering Control
Act?, 71 Wash. U. L.Q. 1189, 1209-13 (1993) (citing money laundering cases that
inconsistently apply the willful blindness doctrine and suggesting amendments to
the existing legislation that might prevent such inconsistencies).





n69.  Carpenter, supra note 16, at 828. The willful blindness doctrine has
particularly onerous implications for broker-dealers and other financial
services providers who perform transactions for clients in well-known money
laundering havens such as the Cayman Islands and the Bahamas. See, e.g., Betty
Santangelo et al., Money Laundering and Suspicious Activity Reporting: What's a
Broker-Dealer to Do?, 1046 PLI/Corp 293, 300-03 (Apr. 1998) (inferring that
courts often construe activity in offshore money laundering havens to be
inherently suspicious, and therefore providers of financial services who perform
transactions in those locales appear to be more susceptible to application of
the willful blindness doctrine when charged with money laundering).





n70.  See Carpenter, supra note 16, at 839; April & Grasso supra note 48, at
1062-63.





n71.  See United States v. Blackman, 904 F.2d 1256, 1257 (8th Cir. 1990); United
States v. Jackson, 935 F.2d 832 (7th Cir. 1991).





n72.  See Jackson, 935 F.2d at 840.





n73.  United States v. Rutgard, 116 F.3d 1270 (9th Cir. 1997).





n74.  Id. at 1292-93.





n75.  See April & Grasso, supra note 48, at 1063-64.





n76.  18 U.S.C. 1956(a)(1)(B)(ii) (2001).





n77.  Id. 1957(b)(1).





n78.  Id. 1956(b)(1)(A)-(B).





n79.  See Carpenter, supra note 16, at 835.





n80.  April & Grasso, supra note 48, at n.110.





n81.  United States v. Martin, 933 F.2d 609 (8th Cir. 1991).





n82.  Id. at 611-12.





n83.  The Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools
Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism (USA Patriot Act) Act of 2001, Pub.
L. No. 107-56, 301-377, 115 Stat. 272 (2001).





n84.  See id. 311-330.





n85.  See id. 351-366.





n86.  See id. 371-377.





n87.  See id. 302(a)(1).





n88.  See id. 302(a)(4).





n89.  See id. 302(a)(6)-(7).





n90.  See id. 302(b).





n91.  The term "financial institution" refers to any of a broad list of entities
summarized in 31 U.S.C. 5312(a)(2) (2002), including (1) insured banks, (2)
commercial banks, (3) an agency or branch of a foreign bank in the United
States, (4) a broker or dealer registered with the SEC, (5) investment banks,
(6) credit card issuers, (7) pawnbrokers, (8) the U.S. Postal Service, (9)
sellers of cars and other vehicles, (10) private banks, and (11) telegraph
companies. See Betty Santangelo et al., Summary of Anti-Money Laundering
Provisions of USA PATRIOT Act of 2001, n.3 (2001), available at
http://www.srz.com/PDF-files/sec-win02-santangelo.P DF (last visited Jan. 30,
2003).





n92.  USA Patriot Act 311(a)(1).





n93.  See id. 311(b)(1); see also D. Jean Veta et al., Recent Developments in
Anti-Money Laundering Legislation: The International Money Laundering Abatement
and Financial Anti-Terrorism Act of 2001, 12 (2001), available at
http://www.aba.com/NR/rdonlyres/00004a3ctceeanffcdxnxesr/Money+ Laundering
+Report+Nov+1-01+JD97.pdf (last visited Jan. 30, 2003).





n94.  USA Patriot Act 311(b)(2).





n95.  Defined as:



   An account, including a transaction account (as defined in Section
19(b)(1)(C) of the Federal Reserve Act), opened at a depository institution by a
foreign financial institution by means of which the foreign financial
institution permits its customers to engage, either directly or through a
subaccount, in banking activities usual in connection with the business of
banking in the United States.

 Id. 311(e)(1)(C).





n96.  Id. 311(b)(3).





n97.  Defined as "an account established to receive deposits from, make payments
on behalf of a foreign financial institution, or handle other financial
transactions related to such institution." Id. 311(e)(1)(B).





n98.  Id. 311(b)(4); see also, 147 Cong. Rec. S10990-02 (2001).





n99.  USA Patriot Act 311(b)(5).





n100.  Veta et al., supra note 93, at 14.





n101.  See Santangelo et al., supra note 91, at 21.





n102.  Defined as:



   An account (or combination of accounts) that (i) requires a minimum aggregate
deposit of funds or other assets of not less than $ 1,000,000; (ii) is
established on behalf of one or more individuals who have a direct or beneficial
ownership interest in the account; and (iii) is assigned to, or administered or
managed by, in whole or in part, an officer, employee, or agent of a financial
institution acting as a liaison between the financial institution and the direct
or beneficial owner of the account.

 USA Patriot Act 311(b)(5).





n103.  See Veta et al., supra note 93, at 14-15.





n104.  See id. at 15-16.





n105.  See id. at 15.





n106.  Division of Banking and Supervision and Regulation SR 01-29 (Nov. 26,
2001), available at http://www.federalreserve.gov/boarddocs/SRLETTERS/2001 (last
visited Jan. 30, 2003).





n107.  See Veta et al., supra note 93, at 16.





n108.  See Charles Doyle, Terrorism: Section By Section Analysis of the USA
PATRIOT Act, CRS Report for Congress (Dec. 10, 2001), 21, available at
http://fpc.state.gov/documents/organization/7952.pdf (last visited Jan. 30,
2003).





n109.  See The Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools
Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism (USA Patriot Act) Act of 2001, Pub.
L. No. 107-56, 314(b), 115 Stat. 272 (2001).





n110.  Division of Banking and Supervision and Regulation, supra note 106; USA
Patriot Act 314(c). The Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act normally requires that "financial
institutions notify consumers before disclosing any non-public personal
information to non-affiliated third parties." Veta et al., supra note 93, at 23.





n111.  See David M. Nissman, Money Laundering (Feb. 18, 2001), 3, available at
http://www.corpusjurispublishing.com/Articles/moneylaunderi ng.pdf (last visited
Jan. 30, 2003); USA Patriot Act 319(a).





n112.  22 U.S.C. 2778 (2002).





n113.  15 C.F.R. 730-774 (2002).





n114.  See Veta et al., supra note 93, at 30.





n115.  See Nissman, supra note 111, at 3.





n116.  See supra notes 43-82 and accompanying text.





n117.  See Veta et al., supra note 93, at 30.





n118.  See id. at 31.





n119.  See id.





n120.  See The Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools
Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism (USA Patriot Act) Act of 2001, Pub.
L. No. 107-56, 317, 115 Stat. 272 (2001); see also Nissman, supra note 111, at
4.





n121.  See 147 Cong. Rec. S10990-02 (2001); see also Santangelo et al., supra
note 91, at 31.





n122.  Nissman, supra note 111, at 5.





n123.  See USA Patriot Act 319(a).





n124.  See Nissman, supra note 111, at 5.





n125.  Defined to include insured banks, commercial banks and trust companies,
private banks, agencies or branches of foreign banks in the United States, and
thrift institutions. Santangelo et al., supra note 91, at 27.





n126.  USA Patriot Act 319(b).





n127.  Mark A. Rush & Heather Hacket, USA Patriot Act - Money Laundering and
Asset Forfeiture, available at
http://www.kl.com/practiceareas/wccrime/publications/asset-forfeiture.pdf (last
visited Feb. 2, 2003).





n128.  USA Patriot Act 319(b).





n129.  Nissman, supra note 111, at 5.





n130.  See Rush & Hacket, supra note 127, at 10.





n131.  USA Patriot Act 326(a).





n132.  147 Cong. Rec. S10990-02 (2001).





n133.  See Santangelo et al., supra note 91, at 31.





n134.  See supra note 104 and accompanying text.





n135.  See 31 U.S.C. 5318(g)(3) (2001); Rush & Hacket, supra note 127, at 13.





n136.  See USA Patriot Act 351(a); Veta et al., supra note 93, at 18.





n137.  USA Patriot Act 352(a).





n138.  See Santangelo et al., supra note 91, at 34.





n139.  USA Patriot Act 352(c).





n140.  Rush & Hacket, supra note 127, at 14.





n141.  See id. at 15.





n142.  See Money Laundering Monitor, 8 No. 12 Bus. Crimes Bull. 2 (Jan. 2002).





n143.  See id.





n144.  See id.





n145.  Id.





n146.  See Santangelo et al., supra note 91, at 37.





n147.  The Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools
Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism (USA Patriot Act) Act of 2001, Pub.
L. No. 107-56, 359(a), 115 Stat. 272 (2001).





n148.  See id. 359(d); Veta et al., supra note 93, at 40.





n149.  See Veta et al., supra note 93, at 35.





n150.  See Scott Bernard Nelson, The Money Trail War on Terrorism Gives
Financial Crimes Unit New Stature, Challenges, Boston Globe, Dec. 5, 2001, at
F1.





n151.  See id.





n152.  The expanded duties of FinCEN have been summarized as follows:



   Maintaining a government-wide data access service, with access, in accordance
with applicable legal requirements, to: (a) information collected by the
Department of the Treasury, including CTRs, SARs, and CMIRs; (b) information
regarding national and international currency flows; (c) other records and data
maintained by other federal, state, local, and foreign agencies, including
financial and other records developed in specific cases; and (d) other privately
and publicly available information; Analyzing and disseminating the available
data in accordance with legal requirements and policies and guidelines by the
Secretary and the Under Secretary for Enforcement to: (a) identify possible
criminal activity to appropriate law enforcement agencies; (b) support ongoing
criminal financial investigations and prosecutions; (c) identify possible
instances of financial non-compliance for enforcement by other federal financial
agencies; (d) evaluate and recommend possible uses of special currency reporting
requirements under 31 U.S.C. 5326; (e) determine emerging trends and methods in
money laundering and other financial crimes; (f) support the conduct of
intelligence or counter-intelligence activities to protect against international
terrorism; and (g) support government initiatives against money laundering.

 Veta et al., supra note 93, at 35-36.





n153.  See id. at 36.





n154.  See Jeannine Aversa, Official: More Terrorist Money Frozen, AP Online,
Jan. 22, 2002, available at 2002 WL 10034136. The 2003 budget represents a 6.3%
increase over the prior year. Id.





n155.  See Doyle, supra note 108, at 30.





n156.  See id.





n157.  The Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools
Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism (USA Patriot Act) Act of 2001, Pub.
L. No. 107-56, 371(c), 115 Stat. 272 (2001); Nissman, supra note 111, at 7.





n158.  Nissman, supra note 111, at 7.





n159.  USA Patriot Act 371(c).





n160.  See Dan Eggen & Kathleen Day, U.S. Ties Hijackers' Money to Al Qaeda;
Investigators See Cash Trail As Key, Wash. Post, Oct. 7, 2001, at A1.





n161.  Id.





n162.  Id.





n163.  See supra notes 8-11 and accompanying text.





n164.  See, e.g., Matthew Haggman, Law Targeting Terrorist Funding Sources
Proves to Be Windfall for Professional Services Firms, Palm Beach Daily Bus.
Rev., July 1, 2002, at 6 ("Like many experts, former federal prosecutor Sharon
L. Kegerreis doubts that the anti-money laundering provisions of the Act will do
much to interfere with international terrorists' ability to fund their
operations. "This is like trying to eradicate coca in Colombia,' says
Kegerreis."); Jeremy Quittner, Gauging the New Law's Consumer Impact, American
Banker, Apr. 23, 2002, at 11 (citing concerns by some in the banking industry
that the Act will "impose additional burdens on the already limited compliance
resources of community-based financial institutions," and "there is a
disproportionate burden on institutions that are least likely to be involved in
money laundering.").





n165.  See Robert A. Levy, The USA Patriot Act: We Deserve Better, available at
http://www.cato.org/current/terrorism/pubs/levy-martiallaw.html (last visited
Jan. 30, 2003).





n166.  See, e.g., Investigating Patterns of Terrorism Financing: Testimony of
John A. Herrera on Behalf of the Credit Union National Association (CUNA) and
World Council of Credit Unions (WOCCU) (Feb. 12, 2002) (discussing the Act's
potential impact on financial institutions' "know your customer" policies and
the detrimental effects they may have on minorities), available at 2002 WL
25098874 [hereinafter John A. Herrera Testimony] (statement of John A. Herrera,
Vice President for Latino/Hispanic Affairs, Self-Help Credit Union and Board
Chair of the Latino Community Credit Union (LCCU)).





n167.  Madelyn J. Daley, Effectiveness of United States and International
Efforts to Combat International Money Laundering, 2000 St. Louis-Warsaw
Transatlantic L.J. 175, 194 (2000).





n168.  Diane Marie Amann, Spotting Money Launderers: A Better Way to Fight
Organized Crime?, 27 Syracuse J. Int'l L. & Com. 199, 227 (2002).





n169.  Levy, supra note 165.





n170.  See First Watch, "Money Laundering!": How Does It Work and How Does It
Affect U.S. Citizens?, (Nov. 2001), available at
http://www.firsttradenet.com/its/newsletter/pdf/NewsletterNOV.pdf (last visited
Feb. 22, 2002).



   As early as 1998, alleged terrorist mastermind Osama bin Laden was linked in
congressional testimony to money laundering. Despite many hearings in recent
years, financial institutions helped kill several measures to tighten controls.
Members of Congress who waged war for enhanced money-laundering laws say they
tried but failed to overcome powerful financial institution lobbyists that
pumped $ 350 million into political campaigns since 1990.

 Id.





n171.  See Levy, supra note 165.





n172.  See id.





n173.  The Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools
Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism (USA Patriot Act) Act of 2001, Pub.
L. No. 107-56, 365(a), 115 Stat. 272 (2001).





n174.  See William J. Sweet et al., The USA Patriot Act of 2001 Impact on
Broker-Dealers: Statutory, Regulatory and Compliance Lessons From Banks'
Experience with Bank Secrecy Act and Anti-Money Laundering Enforcement, 1289
PLI/Corp 139, 144-45 (Jan. 23, 2002).





n175.  See id. at 161-62.





n176.  Id. at 164.





n177.  See id. at 149-50.





n178.  See id. at 150; see also supra notes 131-33 and accompanying text.





n179.  See First Watch, supra note 170, at 2; Lauren Bielski, Technology to the
Rescue?: OFAC Lists and Related Anti-Terror Requirements Increase Demand for
Tools That Can Monitor a Variety of Frauds, A.B.A. Banking J., Jan. 1, 2002, at
37.





n180.  See Marketplace Morning Report (Minnesota Public Radio, Dec. 31, 2001).





n181.  Investigating Patterns of Terrorism Financing: Testimony of John J. Byrne
on Behalf of the American Bankers Association Before the Subcomm. on Oversight
and Investigations of the Comm. on Financial Services United States House of
Representatives, 107th Congress (2002) [hereinafter John J. Byrne Testimony]
(statement of Senior Counsel and Compliance Manager of the American Bankers
Association).





n182.  Banking Daily, Federal Banking Regulatory Agendas Dominated by USA
Patriot Act Rulemaking (Jan. 23, 2002), available at
http://www.cbanet.org/Issues/documents/outlook2002.pdf (last visited Jan. 30,
2003).





n183.  See Geoffrey M. Connor, Banking Aspects of the USA PATRIOT Act, N.J.
L.J., Dec. 3, 2001, at 2-3.





n184.  See id. at 3.





n185.  Krysten Crawford, Drawing a Bead on Terrorism Funds: Financial Fight May
Be Mission Impossible, Legal Times, Jan. 28, 2002, at 1. Clearly, CTRs and SARs
have proven useful in establishing a paper trail that presents evidence of money
laundering. See, e.g., Adams, supra note 20, at 539 (discussing the use of CTRs
by prosecutors in money laundering cases).





n186.  See Todd Stern et al., The Money Laundering Abatement and Anti-Terrorist
Financing Act of 2001, 119 Banking L.J. 1, 7 (2002). Nevertheless, "during a
three-year period ending in fiscal 1997, for instance, the IRS initiated fewer
than 1,000 investigations based on CTRs and suspicious-activity reports, despite
the filing of around 35 million CTRs." Michael Allen, U.S. to Cut Bank Reports
on Cash Deals, Wall St. J., Sept. 21, 1998, at A3.





n187.  See, e.g., Adams, supra note 20, at 539 (discussing the use of CTRs by
prosecutors in money laundering cases).





n188.  See generally Joseph J. Norton, Money Laundering Law and Terrorist
Financing: Post-September 11 Responses - Let Us Step Back and Take a Deep
Breath?, 36 Int'l L. 103, 119-21 (2002) (discussing the due diligence
requirements of financial institutions under the Act).





n189.  See supra text accompanying notes 135-36. However, the Act does not
provide immunity from civil or criminal actions brought by any government or
governmental agency to enforce any constitution, law, or regulation. See The
Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to
Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism (USA Patriot Act) Act of 2001, Pub. L. No.
107-56, 351(a), 115 Stat. 272 (2001); Veta et al., supra note 93, at 18.





n190.  Michael A. Hiltzik, Response to Terror: A Changed America, L.A. Times,
Jan. 13, 2002, at A1.





n191.  See Patti Waldmeir, Inside Track - Unaccustomed Warriors - A New Law in
the U.S. Will Draft Thousands of Businesses Into the Fight Against Terrorism,
Financial Times, Mar. 21, 2002, available at 2002 WL 16943248.





n192.  Id.





n193.  See Kavita Natarajan, Combatting India's Heroin Trade Through Anti-Money
Laundering Legislation, 21 Fordham Int'l L.J. 2014, 2021 (1998); Ed Blanche, The
Labyrinthian Money Trail of Osama bin Laden: President George W. Bush Is
Committed to Separating Osama bin Laden from His Financial Support - but Before
He Can Confiscate It, First He Must Find It, Middle East, Jan. 1, 2002, at 22.





n194.  See Blanche, supra note 193, at 22.





n195.  See Natarajan, supra note 193, at 2021.





n196.  See id.





n197.  See id.





n198.  See Blanche, supra note 193, at 22.





n199.  See supra text accompanying notes 146-48.





n200.  See Stefan D. Cassella, Money Laundering Has Gone Global: It's Time to
Update the Federal Laws, Fed. Law., Jan. 2002, at 30-31.





n201.  Id.





n202.  Id.





n203.  Id.





n204.  See Rajeev Saxena, Cyberlaundering: The Next Step for Money Launderers?,
10 St. Thomas L. Rev. 685, 688 (1998).





n205.  See id.





n206.  Christopher D. Hoffman, Encrypted Digital Cash Transfers: Why Traditional
Money Laundering Controls May Fail Without Uniform Cryptography Regulations, 21
Fordham Int'l L.J. 799, 856 (1998).





n207.  Hoffman, supra note 206, at 813.



   Stored value cards, also known as smart cards, hold a prepaid amount of funds
that consumers can access by inserting the card into a device called the point
of sale terminal. Merchants can transfer the funds accumulated at the terminal
to a bank account by telephone. One type of stored value card, the
magnetic-stripe card, can be used at terminals mounted on photocopiers or
laundry machines. Commuters in New York, San Francisco, and Washington D.C. can
use magnetic-stripe cards to pay mass transit fares.

 Id.





n208.  Id. at 856.





n209.  Id.





n210.  See supra notes 131-33and accompanying text.





n211.  See supra notes 155-62 and accompanying text.





n212.  See supra notes 149-54 and accompanying text.





n213.  See Saxena, supra note 204, at 717-18.





n214.  See id.





n215.  See Hoffman, supra note 206, at 802-03.





n216.  See id.





n217.  See John A. Herrera Testimony, supra note 166.





n218.  Id.





n219.  Id.





n220.  The Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools
Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism (USA Patriot Act) Act of 2001, Pub.
L. No. 107-56, 326(a), 115 Stat. 272 (2001).





n221.  See 147 Cong. Rec. S10990-02 (2001).





n222.  See Santangelo et al., supra note 91, at 31.





n223.  John A. Herrera Testimony, supra note 166.





n224.  See USA Patriot Act 302(a) (stating that "money laundering, and the
defects in financial transparency on which money launderers rely, are critical
to the financing of global terrorism and the provision of funds for terrorist
attacks.").





n225.  See Michael Kranish, Tracking Money Behind Plot, Boston Globe, Sept. 18,
2001, at A20.





n226.  See William Drozdiak, Stock Trades Probed for Tie to Bin Laden;
Investigation Focuses on Sales of Shares of Airlines and Insurers Before
Attacks, Wash. Post, Sept. 18, 2001, at A8.





n227.  See id.





n228.  See Kurt Eichenwald & Edmund L. Andrews, Regulators Find No Evidence That
Advance Knowledge of Attacks Was Used for Profit, N.Y. Times, Sept. 28, 2001, at
B4.





n229.  Id.





n230.  See id.





n231.  See generally Christopher R. Fenton, U.S. Policy Towards Foreign Direct
Investment Post-September 11: Exon-Florio in the Age of Transnational Security,
41 Colum. J. Transnat'l L. 195, 228-29 (2002) (discussing various international
efforts to target and seize terrorist funds, and stating that "by the end of
December, 2001, the Department of Treasury had frozen USD $ 61 million in Al
Queda assets, while approximately one hundred and forty-two nations have issued
orders to block any accounts found to be connected to international
terrorism.").





n232.  See Robert O'Harrow, Jr. et al., Bin Laden's Money Takes Hidden Paths to
Agents of Terror; Records Hint at Complex Financial Web, Wash. Post, Sept. 16,
2001, at A13.





n233.  Id.





n234.  Id.





n235.  See Eggen & Day, supra note 160, at A1.





n236.  See O'Harrow, Jr. et al., supra note 232, at A13. But see infra note 239
and accompanying text (citing a quotation attributed to Senator Charles E.
Grassley of Iowa indicating that Senator Grassley believes there may have been
sufficient suspicious activity in the terrorists' accounts to warrant scrutiny
by government officials). It is debatable whether the increased awareness of
suspicious transactions that has developed since September 11, 2001 will result
in detection of future transactions similar to those made by the hijackers and
their associates. The guidelines for the filing of SARs remain very subjective,
although the onus is certainly now on financial institutions to err on the side
of caution. See supra notes 30, 134-36 and accompanying text.





n237.  First Watch, supra note 170, at 2.





n238.  See Eggen & Day, supra note 160, at A1.





n239.  See id. at A1.





n240.  See supra text accompanying notes 155-62.





n241.  Stefan D. Cassella, Money Laundering Has Gone Global: It's Time to Update
the Federal Laws, Fed. Law., Jan. 2002, at 24-31.





n242.  Id. at 30.





n243.  Id.





n244.  See supra notes 4, 5, 179 and accompanying text.





n245.  Mark A. Luscombe, Tax-Related Provisions in the New Anti-Terrorism Law,
Taxes, Dec. 1, 2001, at 3.





n246.  See Hardesty, supra note 33.





n247.  See supra notes 43, 167, 168 and accompanying text.


                              520 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 7, 2014 Saturday

Washington: Five Indicted on Fraud Charges

LENGTH: 637  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

Steven M. Dettelbach, United States Attorney for the Northern District of Ohio;
Stephen D. Anthony, Special Agent in Charge, FBI Cleveland Division; and Kathy
Enstrom, Special Agent in Charge, IRS-Criminal Investigation, Cincinnati Field
Office, announced today that a federal grand jury in Toledo, Ohio, returned a
52-count superseding indictment against Mark O. Wittenmyer, age 54, of Holland,
Ohio; Robert Milam, age 64, of League City, Texas; Lonny Remmers, age 56, of
Corona, California; Mark Aller, age 50, of Birmingham, Michigan; and Douglas
Boyce, age 56, of Maumee, Ohio. The indictment includes multiple charges
including conspiracy, wire fraud, money laundering, securities fraud, and access
device fraud.

The indictment charges that from in or around January 2003 and continuing
through May 2014, Wittenmyer, Milam, Remmers, Aller, Boyce, and others conspired
to solicit and collect investments, expenses, consulting fees, salaries, and
other payments in connection with investment and financing transactions induced
by false and fraudulent pretenses, representations, and promises. The
conspirators used several business entities to promote and induce investments,
including Spring Valley Marketing Group, Community ISP, Momentum Management,
OnLetterhead, bSecured Solutions, New Dimension Fund, and RM Capital. False
statements were made to investors, lenders, and other participants regarding
past successes in arranging investments transactions for the purpose of inducing
investments. Wittenmyer used the participation, and purported participation, of
attorneys and other professionals to confer an aura of legitimacy to potential
investors. Wittenmyer often fraudulently requested that investors and lenders
advance funds for travel, legal fees, and other various expenses, which the
conspirators then used for personal living expenses.

In addition to each defendant being charged with one count of conspiracy to
commit wire fraud, Wittenmyer is charged with eight counts of wire fraud, 32
counts of money laundering, six counts of securities fraud, and two counts of
access device fraud. Milam is also charged with two counts of wire fraud and one
count of money laundering. Remmers is also charged with two counts of wire
fraud. Aller is also charged with three counts of wire fraud and one count of
money laundering, and Boyce is charged with one count of money laundering.

If convicted, each defendant's sentence will be determined by the court after
reviewing factors unique to this case, including any prior criminal record,
respective roles in the offense and the characteristics of the violations. In
all cases, the sentence will not exceed the statutory maximum, and in most cases
it will be less than the maximum.

"The investing public needs to watch for fraudsters and scam artists who promise
the moon and sun but deliver only pain and deceit. Remember, if it sounds too
good to be true, it probably is," Dettelbach said.

"These individuals enriched themselves with hundreds of thousands of ill-gotten
dollars by creating and carrying out various fraudulent schemes. The FBI will
continue to work with our law enforcement partners to bring to justice those
that steal the hard earned money of others," Anthony said.

This case was investigated by the Federal Bureau of Investigation and the
Internal Revenue Service-Criminal Investigation, both of Toledo, Ohio. The case
is being prosecuted by Assistant United States Attorneys Gene Crawford and James
V. Moroney.

An indictment is only a charge and is not evidence of guilt. A defendant is
entitled to a fair trial in which it will be the government's burden to prove
guilt beyond a reasonable doubt.

For more information please visit: http://www.fbi.gov


LOAD-DATE: June 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              521 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               April 24, 1986, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

Crime Commission Did Little on Money Laundering

SECTION: Section A; Page 22, Column 4; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 479 words


To the Editor:

I certainly concur with the nine crime commission members who stated that ''the
President's Commission on Organized Crime is a saga of missed opportunity''
(news story, April 4, editorial, April 5). As former deputy assistant secre= As
former deputy assistant secretary for enforcement in the Treasury Department, I
had numerous dealings with the commission's staff on organized crime and money
laundering. My impression was that the staff was interested in media attention
by holding hearings that lent themselves to sensational headlines, but was not
interested in doing a thorough study.

In the spring of 1984, the commission staff advised me that it was interested in
the economic impact of organized crime and the sources of organized crime
income. I advised that a thorough study of these issues was badly needed and
would make a great contribution to a better understanding of organized crime. I
offered personnel from Treasury to assist in the study. When staff members were
told that this study would take six to nine months to complete, they lost
interest, stating that they had to conduct hearings on money laundering in three
weeks.

Statements by a commission member that the country would not have known ''much
about money laundering if it hadn't been for us'' and by your editorial that a
commission report on money laundering ''impelled Federal agencies to improve
enforcement of bank reporting laws and to seek legislation that would make it a
crime to wash money'' are not accurate. Media treatment of criminal fines
imposed on the Bank of Boston in February 1985 and of subsequent penalties
against other large banks has been the most important single factor in making
the public aware of money laundering.

By the time the commission's money laundering report was released in November
1984, a number of its legislative recommendations relating to the Bank Secrecy
Act had been passed into law. The proposal to make it a crime to launder money
had been hatched and was under consideration in the Justice Department. In
addition to the large Operation Greenback in Florida, 40 other multiagency
financial task forces had been established throughout the country with
coordination between the Treasury and Justice Departments. The Bank of Boston
case had been under investigation for a long time. All of this before the
commission's money-laundering report.

Money laundering is and has been a major target of the Reagan Administration
since its earliest days. The commission report on money laundering impelled
little or nothing that was not already under way in this area, nor did it add to
available information on the subject.

It is a shame that the commission did not produce a more comprehensive final
product that would have a lasting impact in the fight against organized
crime.ROBERT E. POWIS Irvington, N.Y., April 7, 1986

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: LETTER

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company


                              522 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                     May 11, 1995, Thursday, Tampa Edition

Money-laundering trial opens

BYLINE: BRUCE VIELMETTI

SECTION: TAMPA TODAY; TAMPA BAY AND STATE; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 476 words

DATELINE: TAMPA



One defense attorney called him a legend, the finest in the world. The  Michael
Jordan of undercover agents.

Robert Mazur, whose deep-cover masquerade as jet-setting money launderer  Robert
Musella brought down the Bank of Credit and Commerce International in  1988, was
back in Tampa federal court Wednesday.

He was testifying about his latest role, as Robert Baldesare, a Sarasota
businessman who could help Colombian cocaine traffickers turn dirty dollars
into untainted pesos.

Operation PROMO led to five indictments last year that charged 28 people  from
the United States, Panama and Colombia - including two Merrill Lynch  executives
and a former high-ranking partner of Peat Marwick - with money  laundering. It
also ended the promising career of Tampa police officer Javier  Willie Guzman.

Guzman was on loan to Mazur's U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration PROMO  team
when he started his own laundering operation with Colombians he was  assigned to
investigate. He pleaded guilty and was sentenced to 11 years.

Guzman's name came up Wednesday during the start of the case against five  men
targeted by Mazur's sting investigation.

In his opening statement, Assistant U.S. Attorney Robert O'Neill told  jurors
how Mazur created Baldesare, got introduced to Colombians and  Panamanians by
confidential informants and in no time was laundering millions  of dollars
collected from dealers in New York, Chicago, Los Angeles and Puerto  Rico.

O'Neill said Mazur reached out to more people and met the defendants in  Panama.
Mazur informed the defendants, including three financial experts and a  lawyer,
that he represented drug dealers and that the money he wanted to move  around
was cocaine profits.

They helped him create fake companies and foundations in Lichtenstein to
launder profits, O'Neill said.

But defense attorneys for some of the men suggested the undercover  operation
went too far, an oblique reference to Guzman. They also suggested  that
informants paid more than $ 600,000 certainly had reason to give the DEA  what
it wanted.

Gary Trombley sharply denied his client, Frank Greene, 70, was ever told  by
Mazur that his business was illegal. Greene is an American working in  Panama
for Merrill Lynch.

Ricardo Leyton, a Panamanian lawyer, has accused Mazur and other agents of
skimming money for themselves during the investigation. A Justice Department
internal affairs review has begun.

Stephen Mills, 30, who worked with Greene at Merrill Lynch, suffered from
severe manic depression, said his attorney, John Fitzgibbons. Experts will
testify that Mills could not have formed the intent to break the law,
Fitzgibbons said.

Former Tampa DEA boss Mike Powers testified that agents knew Mills was  mentally
unstable, but they decided to keep working with him anyway.

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: TAMPA TODAY; TAMPA BAY AND STATE

GRAPHIC: BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO, WTVT photo; Former Tampa police Officer Javier
Willie Guzman

                    Copyright 1995 Times Publishing Company


                              523 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                            The Independent (London)

                           August 26, 1999, Thursday

POLICE JOIN FBI IN RUSSIAN MAFIA LAUNDERING INQUIRY

BYLINE: Paul Lashmar

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 420 words


TWO BRITISH detectives have flown to the United States to help to investigate
allegations that the Russian mafia was laundering money through the Bank of New
York. The officers from the National Crime Squad are to assist the FBI in New
York.

The FBI investigation follows a tip-off from British intelligence that large
sums of money were being transferred through accounts at the bank.

British intelligence authorities have been monitoring the activities of Semion
Mogilevich, a 59-year-old Ukrainian who has been called "the most dangerous
mobster in the world" and who is believed to specialise in laundering money from
East to West.

Evidence is also mounting that British intelligence, alongside other European
law agencies, is monitoring massive money laundering out of Russia by
individuals close to the Russian government.

Swiss law enforcement authorities said earlier this year that Russian organised
crime had been actively laundering money in banks there and Swiss prosecutors
have been investigating the allegations of money laundering involving members of
Boris Yeltsin's administration.

The source of this laundered money is not yet clear. However, the International
Monetary Fund (IMF) on Monday launched an inquiry after claims that tens of
millions of dollars of IMF aid to Russia was illegally laundered out of the
country during the political crisis last year.

Switzerland's banking commission said it was assisting with the American
investigation into the Bank of New York accounts. It was revealed on Tuesday
that the FBI was also looking into the activities of five European banks.

Two vice-presidents of the Bank of New York have been suspended. London- based
Lucy Edwards, 41, who was born in Russia and now has American citizenship is on
paid leave. Her husband, Russian businessman Peter Berlin, controls the account
in the name of Benex through which $ 4.2bn (pounds 2.6bn) is said to have passed
in just six months. In total some pounds 10bn is involved in the investigation.

A vice-president of the bank based in New York, Russian-born Natasha Gurfinkel
Kagalovsky, who supervised the suspect accounts, has also been suspended.

Last week the British National Crime Squad raided and searched a West End
apartment owned by Mr Berlin and Ms Edwards. Noboyd was arrested.

According to The New York Times the Bank of New York case has now come to the
attention of the US House of Representatives banking committee and the US
Attorney General, Janet Reno.

LOAD-DATE: August 26, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1999 Independent Print Ltd


                              524 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                            April 22, 1995 Saturday

BYLINE: Janell Cole

LENGTH: 366 words


A Bismarck man faces four years or more in prison after being convicted Thursday
by a jury in U.S. District Court for drug and money laundering charges. Gervase
James Miller, 34, will be sentenced after a pre-sentence investigation, said
Assistant U.S. Attorney Cameron Hayden. Under federal sentencing guidelines, the
sentence is expected to be between 46 and 57 months.

The trial lasted three days in in Bismarck before Judge Patrick Conmy. Hayden
said Miller was convicted of: þ Money laundering. þ Conspiracy to commit money
laundering. þ Distributing marijuana on March 4, 1994. þ Possessing cocaine on
March 4, 1994. þ Possessing marijuana on March 11, 1994. Hayden said the case
was broken in September 1993, when federal officials, acting on a tip, used a
drug-sniffing dog to detect the odor of marijuana on a baggie full of $12,100 in
cash that Miller had mailed in a priority-mail envelope to a former Bismarck
man, Rick Klein, in Portland, Ore. Hayden said the money was Miller's payment
for marijuana that Klein had fronted to Miller. The dog was not fooled by
Miller's enclosure of kitchen spices with the money, Hayden said. Hayden said
the envelope did not have a return address, but it was traced back to Miller
through analysis of the handwritten address and because Miller's thumbprint was
on a compact disc that was also in the package. Hayden said that when Miller
sent the package of money to Klein in September, he was apparently unaware that
Klein had already been arrested on drug charges three months before. Klein later
was convicted and began serving a 16-month sentence in the Oregon State
Penitentiary. He is due to be released in June. Hayden said Miller had had an
ongoing practice of receiving marijuana from Klein, selling it and then shipping
cash to Klein. Based on the mailed package found by the dog, the Internal
Revenue Service began an investigation into Miller's finances and executed a
search warrant at Miller's home on May 4, 1994. Five bags of marijuana and a
small amount of cocaine were found. A week later, a Burleigh County deputy
sheriff found a bag of marijuana in Miller's coat pocket after offering Miller a
ride when his truck was stuck in mud.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 1995 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              525 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                October 22, 1996, Tuesday, CONSTITUTION EDITION

Drug funds trial ends in split verdict

BYLINE: R. Robin McDonald; STAFF WRITER

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg. 03C

LENGTH: 315 words


After deliberating nearly four days, a federal jury Monday cleared one ranking
official of a Chinese association of laundering drug money through gambling and
running a loan-shark operation but convicted his co- defendant of laundering
money after he was lured into doing so by the FBI.

The 12-member jury acquitted Wing Kim "Sase" Lee of money laundering but found
him guilty of operating an illegal casino at the Doraville chapter of the Hip
Sing Association, a Chinese civic organization established in the United States
more than a century ago.

The jury also found Lee's co-defendant, Ah Chu "Teddy" Chan, was entrapped by a
convicted drug dealer working covertly with the FBI into laundering illicit
cash. But while jurors found Chan innocent of charges that he conspired to
launder drug money for Leonard Grossman, they found him guilty of nine
subsequent money-laundering counts that stemmed from later loans he arranged for
other Hip Sing officers. Chan also was convicted of operating the casino.

Jury foreman Brian Miller said jurors did not believe that Lee, who speaks
little English, understood that he was being asked to launder money. But Miller
said hundreds of hours of taped conversations between Grossman and Chan
convinced the jury that "wrongdoing was still being done."

Chan maintains his innocence, saying he legitimately borrowed money from
Grossman, who had been his attorney and a friend for 15 years.

Lee's attorney, Steve Sadow, said the jury's verdict raises questions about the
conduct of FBI agents who ran the three-year undercover sting that led to the
arrest of Lee and Chan. But Assistant U.S. Attorney James Deichert, who
prosecuted the two men, said Monday's verdict validates the FBI's undercover
techniques. "It sends a message to Hip Sing as an organized crime entity that
their criminal activities will not be tolerated," he said.

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1996 The Atlanta Constitution


                              526 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             October 3, 2016 Monday

Washington: Six Charged in Global Drug Trafficking and Money Laundering
Conspiracies

LENGTH: 757  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Drug Enforcement Administration has issued the following news
release:



 John S. Comer, Special Agent in Charge of the Los Angeles Field Division of the
U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA), and Preet Bharara, the United States
Attorney for the Southern District of New York, announced today an indictment
charging Alejandro Javier Rodriguez-Jimenez, Jesus Rodriguez-Jimenez, Eloy
Cardenas-Moreno, Sergio Urbina, Leobardo Tamez, and Marco Coronado with
conspiring to commit money laundering.  Alejandro Javier Rodiguez-Jimenez, Jesus
Rodriguez-Jimenez, Cardenas-Moreno, and Coronado were also charged with
conspiring to distribute narcotics.





 Since July 2013, the DEA has been investigating an international drug
trafficking and money laundering organization (the "Organization") involved in
trafficking hundreds of kilograms of cocaine and heroin and laundering narcotics
proceeds through a variety of methods including through one or more seemingly
"legitimate" corporations under their control.   The Organization has ties to
Panama, Mexico, Italy, Spain, and the United States, among other locations, and
its members are believed to include each of the defendants.



 This case is connected to the investigation into Roberto Ponce-Rocha, a
large-scale international narcotics trafficker based in Central and South
America, who used various methods, including commercial shipments, drivers, and
couriers to move narcotics around the world, and to import narcotics into the
United States.  Ponce-Rocha is among four individuals charged in a superseding
indictment unsealed in the Southern District of New York on May 25, 2016.



 "The complexity and scale of operations consummated by this money laundering
organization are immense - hundreds of millions of drug dollars remitted across
six continents on behalf of the World's most violent drug cartels," said DEA
Special Agent in Charge John S. Comer.  "The investigation led by our office in
Las Vegas reflects DEA's resolve and reach; working with our international,
state and local partners, we will cripple these global organizations no matter
where they're based."



 Alejandro Javier Rodriguez-Jimenez ran a number of businesses in Las Vegas,
Nevada, including a LED screens business that he used as a front to facilitate
money laundering transactions and to ship narcotics in connection with
Ponce-Rocha.  Together with his brother, Jesus Rodriguez-Jimenez, who was based
in Monterrey, Mexico, Alejandro Javier Rodriguez-Jimenez directed their
associates, including Eloy Cardenas-Moreno, to set up stash houses in various
cities throughout the United States, including Atlanta and Philadelphia, in
order to receive drug proceeds from criminal clients who wanted those proceeds
funneled into the international banking system.  Marco Coronado, Sergio Urbina,
and Leobardo Tamez each participated in cash money pick-ups in, among other
places, New York City and Atlanta, receiving cash from narcotics traffickers
and, as directed by the Rodriguez-Jimenez brothers, bringing that cash to
co-conspirators with directions to wire it to shell accounts in Mexico, Hong
Kong, Italy and other places.



 The Organization laundered hundreds of millions of dollars through the
international banking system in this fashion, and facilitated the distribution
of hundreds of kilograms of cocaine and heroin.



 Manhattan U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara said: "As alleged, these defendants
established a shadow banking system, with stash houses in numerous American
cities where co-conspirators received drug proceeds and laundered them through
accounts in North and Central America, Europe, and Asia, and in the process,
facilitated the distribution of hundreds of kilograms of cocaine and heroin.
Money laundering conspiracies, like the one uncovered here, make it possible for
the drug cartels to repatriate millions in drug proceeds from the United States.
This Office, along with all of our federal partners, will do everything in its
power to stanch the flow of illegal drugs into the United States by shutting
down these corrupt financial networks."



 A number of state and local law enforcement agencies participated in the
investigation as well as IRS Criminal Investigation.  Additionally, Mexican law
enforcement agencies La Comisión Nacional de Seguridad - Policía Federal and La
Unidad de Inteligencia Financiera assisted with the investigation.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              527 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 23, 2016 Friday

Washington: Six Charged in Global Drug Trafficking and Money Laundering
Conspiracies

LENGTH: 759  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Drug Enforcement Administration has issued the following news
release:



 John S. Comer, Special Agent in Charge of the Los Angeles Field Division of the
U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA), and Preet Bharara, the United States
Attorney for the Southern District of New York, announced today an indictment
charging Alejandro Javier Rodriguez-Jimenez, Jesus Rodriguez-Jimenez, Eloy
Cardenas-Moreno, Sergio Urbina, Leobardo Tamez, and Marco Coronado with
conspiring to commit money laundering.  Alejandro Javier Rodiguez-Jimenez, Jesus
Rodriguez-Jimenez, Cardenas-Moreno, and Coronado were also charged with
conspiring to distribute narcotics.





 Since July 2013, the DEA has been investigating an international drug
trafficking and money laundering organization (the "Organization") involved in
trafficking hundreds of kilograms of cocaine and heroin and laundering narcotics
proceeds through a variety of methods including through one or more seemingly
"legitimate" corporations under their control.   The Organization has ties to
Panama, Mexico, Italy, Spain, and the United States, among other locations, and
its members are believed to include each of the defendants.



 This case is connected to the investigation into Roberto Ponce-Rocha, a
large-scale international narcotics trafficker based in Central and South
America, who used various methods, including commercial shipments, drivers, and
couriers to move narcotics around the world, and to import narcotics into the
United States.  Ponce-Rocha is among four individuals charged in a superseding
indictment unsealed in the Southern District of New York on May 25, 2016.



 "The complexity and scale of operations consummated by this money laundering
organization are immense - hundreds of millions of drug dollars remitted across
six continents on behalf of the World's most violent drug cartels," said DEA
Special Agent in Charge John S. Comer.  "The investigation led by our office in
Las Vegas reflects DEA's resolve and reach; working with our international,
state and local partners, we will cripple these global organizations no matter
where they're based."



 Alejandro Javier Rodriguez-Jimenez ran a number of businesses in Las Vegas,
Nevada, including a LED screens business that he used as a front to facilitate
money laundering transactions and to ship narcotics in connection with
Ponce-Rocha.  Together with his brother, Jesus Rodriguez-Jimenez, who was based
in Monterrey, Mexico, Alejandro Javier Rodriguez-Jimenez directed their
associates, including Eloy Cardenas-Moreno, to set up stash houses in various
cities throughout the United States, including Atlanta and Philadelphia, in
order to receive drug proceeds from criminal clients who wanted those proceeds
funneled into the international banking system.  Marco Coronado, Sergio Urbina,
and Leobardo Tamez each participated in cash money pick-ups in, among other
places, New York City and Atlanta, receiving cash from narcotics traffickers
and, as directed by the Rodriguez-Jimenez brothers, bringing that cash to
co-conspirators with directions to wire it to shell accounts in Mexico, Hong
Kong, Italy and other places.



 The Organization laundered hundreds of millions of dollars through the
international banking system in this fashion, and facilitated the distribution
of hundreds of kilograms of cocaine and heroin.



 Manhattan U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara said: "As alleged, these defendants
established a shadow banking system, with stash houses in numerous American
cities where co-conspirators received drug proceeds and laundered them through
accounts in North and Central America, Europe, and Asia, and in the process,
facilitated the distribution of hundreds of kilograms of cocaine and heroin.
Money laundering conspiracies, like the one uncovered here, make it possible for
the drug cartels to repatriate millions in drug proceeds from the United States.
This Office, along with all of our federal partners, will do everything in its
power to stanch the flow of illegal drugs into the United States by shutting
down these corrupt financial networks."



 A number of state and local law enforcement agencies participated in the
investigation as well as IRS Criminal Investigation.  Additionally, Mexican law
enforcement agencies La Comisi&oacute;n Nacional de Seguridad - Polic&iacute;a
Federal and La Unidad de Inteligencia Financiera assisted with the
investigation.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              528 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                           December 27, 2014 Saturday

Standard Chartered hires ex U.S. prosecutors amid sanctions probe

LENGTH: 399  words


Standard Chartered Plc has hired two former prosecutors to police its
transactions for criminal activity, a spokesman said on Friday, as the British
bank wrestles with a series of legal and compliance problems.


The hires in the past two months coincide with a federal probe of Standard
Chartered's past compliance with sanctions laws, the latest in a string of legal
issues it has faced, including some with U.S. anti-money laundering laws.
In late November, Standard Chartered hired Vincent G. Heintz, a former assistant
director of the enforcement and investigations division of U.S. audit watchdog
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (PCAOB), to lead its U.S. financial
crimes compliance investigations unit, said bank spokesman Chris Teo.
This month, it hired former federal prosecutor Evan Weitz, an expert on U.S.
money laundering law, to serve as Heintz's deputy, Teo added.
In 2012 the bank paid U.S. authorities, including New York state's banking
regulator, $667 million over sanctions violations involving Iran and other
countries.
In August of this year, the New York regulator fined Standard Chartered another
$300 million after a monitor it appointed uncovered shortcomings in the
automated monitoring systems the bank relies on to detect money laundering and
other criminal activity.
Standard Chartered hired Heintz and Weitz to lead U.S. investigators probing
transactions flagged by frontline employees and software systems to determine if
the activity is truly suspicious - possibly linked to criminal activity - and
therefore must be reported to authorities.
The two new hires will work in the bank's offices in New Jersey and Manhattan.
Heintz previously served as a prosecutor with the New York County District
Attorney's Office where he combated organized crime, money laundering and
terrorism finance.
Weitz, the recipient of several awards for his prosecution of financial
institutions that violated the Bank Secrecy Act, the primary U.S. anti-money
laundering law, is best known for his participation in the prosecution of HSBC.
HSBC in 2012 agreed to pay $1.9 billion for compliance lapses that led to
violations of U.S. sanctions against Iran and allowed drug cartels to launder
hundreds of millions of dollars.
That case prompted Congress to step-up pressure on regulators to better hold
banks, and bankers, to account for compliance lapses. 2014 Legal Monitor
Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: December 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2014 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              529 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              September 22, 1999, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

Treasury Chief Defends U.S. Aid to Russia, but Calls for Safeguards

BYLINE: By ERIC SCHMITT

SECTION: Section A; Page 3; Column 1; Foreign Desk

LENGTH: 906 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Sept. 21


Treasury Secretary Lawrence H. Summers today vigorously defended the Clinton
Administration's policy of supporting aid to Russia, but warned that the Russian
central bank had to comply with safeguards to maintain American backing for
assistance.

The conditions are not new. But taken together in the climate of a running
Federal inquiry into allegations of Russian money laundering, they represent a
new and hardening tone by an Administration official who, in July 1998, was the
chief American architect of a multibillion-dollar loan to Russia from the
International Monetary Fund to prop up the ruble. Within a month, however,
President Boris N. Yeltsin dismissed his team of reformers and devalued the
ruble.

Mr. Summers was testifying before a House Banking Committee hearing on the
investigation into reports of laundering billions of dollars. He sought to blunt
Congressional criticism that the Administration had done too little to combat
Russian corruption and should cut off international economic support to Russia.

"To quarantine, contain or write off Russia as too corrupt would ill serve our
national security," Mr. Summers said, raising the risk that the United States
and the West would be branded as scapegoats for Russia's failures.

Under an agreement signed in July, Russia is eligible for $4.5 billion in loans
in the next 18 months. The first $640 million was released in July, and approval
of an installment of roughly the same size hinges on the outcome of an external
audit of the central bank and some affiliates.  Both installments are intended
to pay down previous loans and do not enter the Russian banking system.
 Although he said there was no evidence that any I.M.F. money had been diverted
through laundering, Mr. Summers added that the Administration was insisting that
the Central Bank strengthen how it managed foreign-currency reserves and submit
to regular external audits that would be made public. A review of the bank's
offshore operations is also being awaited.

As Congress opens a series of inquiries into corruption and money laundering,
including at least $4.2 billion diverted through the Bank of New York in the
last 18 months, the investigation is likely to take many twists and turns.
Investigators are examining bank transactions that involve Mr. Yeltsin's inner
circle.

Facing his first major test since he succeeded Robert E. Rubin, Mr. Summers said
the Treasury and Justice Departments would announce on Thursday the
Administration's strategy to combat money laundering. The plan would tighten
bank regulations and offer legislation to apply money-laundering laws to foreign
officials and arms traffickers.

The Administration is trying to stay in front of Congress on the fast-breaking
inquiry. James A. Leach, the Iowa Republican who leads the Banking Committee,
introduced legislation today to require United States banks to pay closer
attention to their foreign customers and impose new restrictions on their
dealings with offshore banks.

Many Democrats quickly threw their support behind the legislation. Charles E.
Schumer, Democrat of New York, said he would introduce a companion bill in the
Senate.

The issue has taken on sharply partisan overtones. Representative Dick Armey of
Texas, the majority leader, last week called the Administration's Russia policy
"the biggest foreign policy failure since Vietnam."

Democrats are trying to protect the Administration, especially Vice President Al
Gore, who has been an influential voice in Russia policy.

But the hearing today was surprisingly devoid of drama. About 15 of the 60 panel
members were present at any given time during testimony.

Republicans threw few pointed questions at Mr. Summers. When Representative Ed
Royce, Republican of California, asked why Mr. Summers and other senior Treasury
officials agreed to the $4.5 billion I.M.F. loan this summer, even though they
had known of the Federal inquiry since April, Mr. Summers said that the reports
only reinforced changes that the fund had instituted in its lending practices to
Russia after the ruble collapsed in August 1998.

Mr. Summers's refrain throughout his testimony was that the Administration had
faced a set of admittedly bad choices in dealing with Russia as it evolved from
a Communist dictatorship afflicted with corrupt officials to a free-market
economy governed by the rule of law.

Although the results have not been ideal, he said, the pessimistic predictions
that Russia would collapse under hyperinflation, political chaos and civil
unrest have not come true. Moreover, Russia has dismantled more than 1,500
nuclear warheads, slashed its military spending and offered new, if still
somewhat limited, personal freedoms to ordinary citizens, he said.

But Mr. Summers also underscored that the United States and the West could be of
only limited help in Moscow's painful economic and political transformation. "We
cannot want successful market reform in Russia more than Russia's Government and
its people do," he said.

Other witnesses warned that ordinary Russians were increasingly cynical toward
their Government and an economy dominated by oligarchs, resentment that is
spilling over to the United States.

A former Director of Central Intelligence, R. James Woolsey, said, "We are seen,
in short, by average Russians as supporting the system and the individuals who
are exploiting them."



http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1999 The New York Times Company


                              530 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               Los Angeles Times

                          December 21, 2016 Wednesday
                                  Home Edition

Tijuana official jailed in S.D. on money-laundering charges;
Councilman, one of 12 accused in an alleged plot, pleads not guilty.

BYLINE: Sandra Dibble, Dana Littlefield, Dibble and Littlefield write for the
San Diego Union-Tribune.

SECTION: CALIFORNIA; Metro Desk; Part B; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 388 words

DATELINE:  SAN DIEGO


Less than three weeks after his swearing-in, a member of the Tijuana City
Council was behind bars Tuesday in San Diego on money-laundering charges.

Luis Torres Santillan, 37, was taken into custody Friday by U.S. Immigration and
Customs Enforcement agents. He was arrested at the border after receiving a call
saying he needed to come in to renew his Sentri pass, which allows faster
processing of pre-cleared border crossers, said his San Diego defense attorney,
Anthony Colombo.

Torres is being held on $5 million bail at the San Diego Central Jail on 10
counts of money laundering, according to the San Diego County district
attorney's office. If found guilty of all counts, he faces a sentence of up to
15 years.

One of 12 defendants named in a complaint, Torres pleaded not guilty during his
arraignment in Superior Court on Monday, his attorney said.

Little is publicly known about the nature of the alleged money-laundering
operation, as a 26-page probable cause document in the case was under seal.

However, a court document signed by a San Diego police officer assigned to the
Drug Enforcement Administration's narcotics task force described Torres as a
flight risk because of the proximity to the border and his connections with
Mexico.

"Due to the lucrative nature of the illicit business the defendant is engaged
in, I believe the defendant has quick access to additional large sources of
illicit, feloniously obtained funds, and that these funds would be used to post
bail," the statement said.

A bail review hearing is scheduled for Wednesday, and Colombo said he planned to
challenge the amount.

Pointing out that Torres is a U.S. citizen, married, the father of two and has
no previous criminal record, Colombo called him "an upstanding member of his
community."

For decades Torres' family has operated a business that imports products such as
rice, beans and lentils and distributes them in Mexico.

Torres is a member of Mexico's National Action Party. His Facebook page
describes him as an entrepreneur and head of the council's public safety
committee.

He has been a member of Coparmex, an influential business group known for
fighting corruption and championing transparency in government.

--

sandra.dibble@sduniontribune.com

dana.littlefield@sduniontribune.com

Staff researcher Merrie Monteagudo contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: December 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Los Angeles Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              531 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Free Press Journal (India)

                                 July 18, 2015

ED files charge-sheet against Director, Zoom Developers

BYLINE: Our Special Correspondent

LENGTH: 388  words


Indore : The Enforcement Directorate (ED) filed its first charge-sheet against
Director of Zoom Developers Pvt Ltd (ZDPL) here, on Friday. The ED alleged that
the company purchased property in the USA from the money it has taken from
Punjab National Bank.

The prosecutor filed the first charge-sheet against ZDPL Director Sharad Kabra
in the court of the 2nd Additional Session Judge (PMLA Court) Kamal Joshi here,
on Friday.

Under the 32 pages charge sheet and over 1000 attachments, Kabra is being
charged with money laundering under Section 3 of the Prevention of the Money
Laundering Act (PMLA).

Kabra is charged with laundering of Rs 5 crore from the Rs 410 crore loan taken
from Punjab National Bank and later Kabra allegedly purchased the land in
California (USA) from that amount.

It may be noted that Kabra was arrested by the ED on May 20 this year. As per
the rule, the ED has to file the charge-sheet within 60 days of his arrest.
Hence, just one case of PNB is mentioned in the charge sheet.

Sources said that there are as many as 25 cases of taking loans from 25
different private and nationalized banks.

In all the cases, the investigation is going on. As soon as investigations in
the rest of the cases were completed, the other charge-sheets would be filed
against Kabra.

For the first time in the history, the ED attached his California-based property
worth USD 7 millions on July 2. The Rs 5 cr of money laundering is being used in
purchasing the property.

The official alleged that Kabra used forged documents to withdraw loans for
foreign projects worth Rs 410 cr, but the company used the money for other
purposes and failed to repay the loan to PNB.

The official said that Zoom Developers is facing the heat after withdrawing a
whopping Rs 2,650 cr. fraudulently from 26 banks.TheCBIhas already booked the
company for fraud.

The case is considered to be one of the biggest loan frauds in the country.
Sources said that the company and its promoter had set up more than 100 dummy
companies in London, Switzerland and India. Huge amounts of money were diverted
to a trust in Lichtenstein through fake firms.

From there the money was transferred to dummy companies and through these,
properties were bought in the name of Zoom Developers in and outside India. The
land in California was purchased in the company's name.

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2015 Indian National Press Bombay Ltd, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              532 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Free Press Journal (India)

                                 July 18, 2015

ED files charge-sheet against Director, Zoom Developers

BYLINE: Our Special Correspondent

LENGTH: 388  words


Indore : The Enforcement Directorate (ED) filed its first charge-sheet against
Director of Zoom Developers Pvt Ltd (ZDPL) here, on Friday. The ED alleged that
the company purchased property in the USA from the money it has taken from
Punjab National Bank.

The prosecutor filed the first charge-sheet against ZDPL Director Sharad Kabra
in the court of the 2nd Additional Session Judge (PMLA Court) Kamal Joshi here,
on Friday.

Under the 32 pages charge sheet and over 1000 attachments, Kabra is being
charged with money laundering under Section 3 of the Prevention of the Money
Laundering Act (PMLA).

Kabra is charged with laundering of Rs 5 crore from the Rs 410 crore loan taken
from Punjab National Bank and later Kabra allegedly purchased the land in
California (USA) from that amount.

It may be noted that Kabra was arrested by the ED on May 20 this year. As per
the rule, the ED has to file the charge-sheet within 60 days of his arrest.
Hence, just one case of PNB is mentioned in the charge sheet.

Sources said that there are as many as 25 cases of taking loans from 25
different private and nationalized banks.

In all the cases, the investigation is going on. As soon as investigations in
the rest of the cases were completed, the other charge-sheets would be filed
against Kabra.

For the first time in the history, the ED attached his California-based property
worth USD 7 millions on July 2. The Rs 5 cr of money laundering is being used in
purchasing the property.

The official alleged that Kabra used forged documents to withdraw loans for
foreign projects worth Rs 410 cr, but the company used the money for other
purposes and failed to repay the loan to PNB.

The official said that Zoom Developers is facing the heat after withdrawing a
whopping Rs 2,650 cr. fraudulently from 26 banks.TheCBIhas already booked the
company for fraud.

The case is considered to be one of the biggest loan frauds in the country.
Sources said that the company and its promoter had set up more than 100 dummy
companies in London, Switzerland and India. Huge amounts of money were diverted
to a trust in Lichtenstein through fake firms.

From there the money was transferred to dummy companies and through these,
properties were bought in the name of Zoom Developers in and outside India. The
land in California was purchased in the company's name.

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2015 Indian National Press Bombay Ltd, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              533 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

              November 30, 1994, Wednesday, INTERNATIONAL EDITION

MONEY LAUNDERING

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 10B

LENGTH: 310 words


An investigation into a trans-Atlantic money-laundering scheme widened as
British officials searched the London offices of a Swiss bank and a U.S.
businessman.  British agents searched the London offices of Union Bancaire
Privee CBI-TDB at the request of U.S. Customs and seized documents, according to
a spokesman for British Customs. According to U.S. court records, an informant
told a U.S. Customs agent that he had been laundering money through the bank
since 1986. Officials said the informant worked with a key figure in the scheme,
Gary Kaminsky, chief financial officer of the discount retailer Dollar Time.
British officials searched the London office of Kaminsky, who apparently ran a
courier service promising to make deposits into clients' Swiss accounts within
24 hours.

McDONALD'S IN CHINA: McDonald's has asked for urgent talks with Chinese
authorities on the eviction order against its restaurant in central Beijing.
Reneging on a 20-year lease, Beijing authorities said last week that McDonald's
must give up its prime location on the capital's Wanfujing shopping street to
make way for a commercial and residential complex planned by Hong Kong tycoon Li
Ka-shing. The fast-food company has not decided whether to take legal action,
said Lianne Ng, marketing manager of Burson-Marsteller, McDonald's publicist.
The 2-year-old restaurant, two blocks from Tiananmen Square, is one of 22
McDonald's outlets in China.

RUSSIAN IPO: Moscow's Red October confectionery factory, which used to make
chocolates for the Tsars, will be the first Russian firm to sell shares in
London in a public offering next week, the issuers said Tuesday.

OIL DEAL: Occidental Petroleum Corp. says it has agreed to buy the oil and gas
operations of the Hunt family - Placid Oil Co. - for about $ 250 million in
stock.

Compiled by Gary H. Rawlins

LOAD-DATE: December 01, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Moneyline

A QUICK READ ON THE TOP MONEY NEWS OF THE DAY

                      Copyright 1994 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              534 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 June 19, 1997, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

U.S. Accuses 2 Decorators Of Laundering Drug Cash

BYLINE: By JOHN SULLIVAN

SECTION: Section A; Page 18; Column 5; National Desk

LENGTH: 604 words


Two wealthy San Francisco interior decorators, who lived in an expensive house
with a view of the Golden Gate Bridge, owed their success to the Cali drug
cartel in Colombia, Federal prosecutors charged yesterday.

They said the two men, Antony Alexander Blarek, 56, and Frank V. Pellecchia, 49,
had financed a lavish life style by laundering more than $30 million for the
Cali cartel by converting narcotics money into artwork, furniture and other
items.

According to an indictment filed yesterday in Brooklyn, the two men operated a
design business that worked for a cartel leader, Jose Santacruz Londono, who was
killed last year. The prosecutors said the two had designed houses and offices
for Mr. Santacruz and his family and associates, in addition to their primary
duty of transferring cash from the United States to Colombia.

Mr. Blarek and Mr. Pellecchia are being prosecuted in Brooklyn because some of
the money laundering was carried out in the area, said a spokesman for Zachary
W. Carter, the United States Attorney for the Eastern District of New York. Both
men were in custody yesterday in San Francisco, said the spokesman.

Mr. Santacruz, the No. 3 leader in the Cali cartel, was killed in a shootout
with the Colombian Army in March 1996. Like all international drug
organizations, the Cali cartel constantly sought ways to move cash from
narcotics sales out of the United States. In using the interior decorators in
his scheme, Mr. Santacruz avoided United States currency laws while obtaining
decorating services for his various houses, the prosecutors said.

"They would receive large sums of cash either through deliveries or wire
transfers," Assistant United States Attorney Lisa M. Fleischman said in an
interview. "They would convert the cash into artwork, luxury building materials
or furniture."

The two decorators then transferred the material to Colombia for use in one of
Mr. Santacruz's building projects, the prosecutors said. Among the artworks was
a sculpture by Fernando Botero.

The authorities also said Mr. Blarek and Mr. Pellecchia traveled to Colombia to
supervise some of the decorating work. They said the two men assisted with the
construction of the Casa Blanca, a replica of the United States White House that
was built in Colombia by Mr. Santacruz. In 1992 and 1993, prosecutors charged,
the two decorators received numerous transfers of money in amounts as high as
$500,000 to spend on the $18 million project.

When completed, the Casa Blanca featured an 80-foot-wide central hall, a hair
salon and huge dining and entertaining rooms. The pool tile, which was supplied
by Mr. Blarek and Mr. Pellecchia, cost $300,000.

The prosecutors said Mr. Blarek and Mr. Pellecchia had no known criminal records
and were apparently legitimate interior decorators before going to work for the
Cali cartel. Efforts to reach their lawyers yesterday were unsuccessful.

The prosecutors said the two decorators had used the money they made from the
cartel to buy property across the country, including the house in San Francisco
and property in East Hampton, on Long Island. The San Francisco house is in the
Seacliff neighborhood, which overlooks San Francisco Bay and is home to many of
the city's wealthiest residents.

Prosecutors said that the Colombian cartels had previously tried to sneak money
out of the country by converting it into goods but that this was the first large
case involving decorating material.

Ms. Fleischman said: "They wanted to launder the money, but they also wanted
nice things. They thought, why not kill two birds with one stone?"



LOAD-DATE: June 19, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company


                              535 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                  September 23, 1999, Thursday, FINAL EDITION
                              Correction Appended

Russia probe hits 10 U.S. banks

BYLINE: Jack Kelley

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 387 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON

WASHINGTON -- U.S. investigators said Wednesday that they now believe as many as
10 American banks might have been used to divert up to $15 billion from Russia,
indicating that a probe into alleged money laundering by Russian officials and
crime groups could be wider than officials had thought.

Federal investigators told USA TODAY that "suspicious transactions" involving
Russian accounts have been identified at, among other banks, Fleet Financial
Group Inc. in Boston. They said some of the transfers at Fleet were as high as $
200 million. A Fleet spokesman said the bank does not comment on ongoing
investigations.


Investigators said several other banks, including BankBoston and J.P. Morgan,
have begun their own internal investigations after identifying suspicious
accounts. Both banks declined comment.

The accounts belong to or are linked to Benex Worldwide, a trading company
headed by Peter Berlin, a Russian emigre who is married to former Bank of New
York (BoNY) executive Lucy Edwards.

Investigators are looking into allegations that more than $15 billion, including
up to $10 billion from International Monetary Fund loans, was diverted by
Russian officials and organized crime groups through several of these banks and
banks abroad.

Investigators had previously named only three banks, BoNY, Republic Bank and
Barclays Bank, in connection with the probe. They declined to identify the
others at this time.

None of the banks, including BoNY, has been accused of any wrongdoing and all
are cooperating with the probe, investigators said.

Bank documents show that Berlin opened four accounts at Fleet's branches in New
York and Pennsylvania, which he then used to transfer money to BoNY,
investigators said.

They said the documents also show that U.S. firms used BankBoston accounts to
transfer large sums of money to Benex beginning in early 1998.

Berlin and Edwards have denied wrongdoing through their lawyer. Edwards was
fired by BoNY for failing to cooperate with the bank's internal probe.

On Wednesday, BoNY chief executive Thomas Renyi told the House Banking Committee
that some of his bank's employees used "poor judgment" in not reporting
suspicious activity in Berlin's accounts. Renyi said "questions were not pursued
with sufficient vigor."

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: July 23, 2004

CORRECTION: On April 22, a team of journalists finished a review of former USA
TODAY reporter Jack Kelley's work and concluded that at least 20 of his stories
contained fabrications and that he also lifted at least 100 passages, without
attribution, from other publications. This story was among those cited in
reports that were published on March 19, 2004 and April 22, 2004. The
investigation found that Kelley told journalists investigating his work that his
main source for the dollar estimates and other key details was a Russia expert
at Harvard University who worked with the FBI. Contacted by USA TODAY, the
expert said he had never worked for the FBI. The expert also said he had
repeatedly told Kelley he had no inside knowledge of the money-laundering case.

                      Copyright 1999 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              536 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                           December 24, 2015 Thursday

Ukrainian National Extradited from Poland to Face Charges Related to $10 Million
Cyber Money Laundering Operation

LENGTH: 474  words


A Ukrainian national made his initial appearance today in federal court in
Charlotte, North Carolina, after being extradited from Poland to face charges
relating to a $10 million international money laundering operation, announced
Assistant Attorney General Leslie R. Caldwell of the Justice Departments
Criminal Division, U.S. Attorney Jill Westmoreland Rose of the Western District
of North Carolina and Special Agent in Charge John A. Strong of the FBIs
Charlotte Division.

Viktor Chostak, 34, of Ukraine, along with three other individuals, are charged
in a 25-count indictment with conspiracy to commit money laundering, eleven
counts of money laundering, conspiracy to commit computer fraud, conspiracy to
transport stolen property, conspiracy to commit access device fraud, four counts
of transporting stolen property and six counts of aggravated identity theft.

According to a redacted version of the indictment unsealed today, beginning in
September 2007, Chostak and three other conspirators were members of an
international money laundering organization. The organization created and
operated a sophisticated online infrastructure that allowed hackers to obtain
and conceal stolen money, primarily from U.S. companies bank accounts, and
transfer it to countries outside the United States. The organization created
seemingly legitimate websites for fake companies, then sent spam e-mails
advertising employment opportunities. When an individual responded to the spam
solicitations, the organization put the applicant through what appeared to be a
legitimate hiring process. The organization falsely represented that the
individuals job was to receive payments from businesses into their personal bank
accounts, withdraw the money, then wire the funds to the companys partners
overseas. In reality, the individuals merely acted as money mules, processing
hackers stolen proceeds and wiring them out of the country to other
conspirators. The organization allegedly laundered at least $10 million in
stolen money from the United States overseas.

According to the indictment, Chostak recruited, hired and managed others who
oversaw the money mule operations. Chostak also allegedly worked with computer
programmers to meet the needs of the organizations online infrastructure.

An indictment is merely an allegation and the defendants are presumed innocent
unless and until proven guilty beyond a reasonable doubt in a court of law.

The case is being investigated by the FBIs Charlotte Division. The Criminal
Divisions Office of International Affairs also provided assistance. The case is
being prosecuted by Trial Attorneys Jocelyn Aqua and Ryan K. Dickey of the
Criminal Divisions Computer Crime and Intellectual Property Section, and
Assistant U.S. Attorney Kevin Zolot of the Western District of North Carolina.
2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: December 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              537 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 1, 2014 Monday

Arizona: Former Ohio Deputy Treasurer and Friend Sentenced for Roles in Bribery
and Money Laundering Scheme

LENGTH: 458  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Justice has issued the following news release:

Ohio's former deputy treasurer and a Chicago businessman were sentenced to
federal prison today for their roles in a bribery and money laundering scheme
involving the Ohio Treasurer's Office.

Assistant Attorney General Leslie R. Caldwell of the Justice Department's
Criminal Division, First Assistant U.S. Attorney Mark T. D'Alessandro of the
Southern District of Ohio, Acting Special Agent in Charge John A. Barrios of the
FBI's Cincinnati Division and Attorney General Mike DeWine of Ohio made the
announcement.

Amer Ahmad, 40, and Joseph Chiavaroli, 34, both of Chicago, were sentenced today
by U.S. District Judge Michael H. Watson of the Southern District of Ohio to
serve 15 years in prison and 18 months in prison, respectively.  Ahmad was
ordered to forfeit $3.2 million, and Chiavroli was ordered to forfeit $400,000.
Last year, Ahmad pleaded guilty to federal program bribery and conspiracy to
commit honest services wire fraud, federal program bribery and money laundering,
and Chiavaroli pleaded guilty to money laundering.  Following his guilty plea,
former Deputy Treasurer Ahmad fled to Pakistan and was sentenced today in
absentia.  He is currently in Pakistani custody pending an extradition request
from the United States government.

According to the defendants' admissions in connection with their guilty pleas,
from January 2009 through January 2011, Ahmad used his position as deputy
treasurer to direct official state of Ohio business to securities broker Douglas
E. Hampton in return for bribes.  Ahmad and Chiavaroli concealed the payments
received from Hampton by passing them through the accounts of their landscaping
business.  Hampton also funneled more than $123,000 to Mohammed Noure Alo, an
attorney and lobbyist who was Ahmad's close personal friend and business
associate.  Over the course of the scheme, Hampton paid in excess of $500,000 in
bribes and received, in exchange, approximately $3.2 million in commissions for
360 securities trades on behalf of the Ohio Treasurer's Office.

Hampton and Alo were sentenced on Nov. 12, 2014, and Nov. 13, 2014, to 45 months
in prison and 48 months in prison, respectively, for their roles in the scheme.

The case was investigated by the FBI's Central Ohio Public Corruption Task
Force, which includes special agents from the FBI and the Ohio Bureau of
Criminal Investigation.  The case is being prosecuted by Trial Attorneys Eric L.
Gibson and Menaka Kalaskar of the Criminal Division's Public Integrity Section
and Assistant U.S. Attorney Douglas W. Squires of the Southern District of Ohio.


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              538 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          November 12, 2014 Wednesday

Sioux falls man charged with fraud and money laundering

LENGTH: 325  words

DATELINE: Pierre


United States Attorney's Office for the District of South Dakota has issued the
following press release:

United States Attorney Brendan V. Johnson announced that a Sioux Falls, South
Dakota, man has been indicted by a federal grand jury for Wire Fraud and Money
Laundering.

Randall William McKee, age 57, was indicted on November 4, 2014, for 14 counts
of Wire Fraud and 9 counts of Money Laundering.  He appeared before U.S.
Magistrate Judge Veronica L. Duffy on November 6, 2014, and pled not guilty to
the Indictment.

The wire fraud counts have a maximum penalty upon conviction of up to 20 years
in custody and/or a $250,000 fine, 3 years of supervised release, and $100 to
the Federal Crime Victims Fund.  The money laundering counts have a maximum
penalty upon conviction of up to 20 years in custody and/or a $500,000 fine or
twice the value of the property involved in the transactions (whichever is
greater), 3 years of supervised release, and $100 to the Federal Crime Victims
Fund.  Restitution may also be ordered on all counts.

McKee served as trustee for a fund set up to provide for the needs of a disabled
person. He is alleged to have written checks from that fund to a business he
controlled, and then moved those funds to his own personal bank accounts.  McKee
is also alleged to have defrauded investors in a real estate scheme by
soliciting investment funds and then using those funds for his own purposes.
The activity occurred while McKee was a resident of Rapid City, South Dakota.

The charges are merely accusations and McKee is presumed innocent until and
unless proven guilty.

The investigation is being conducted by the Federal Bureau of Investigation.
Assistant U.S. Attorney Ann M. Hoffman is prosecuting the case.

McKee was released on bond pending trial.  A trial date has been set for January
13, 2015.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              539 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 11, 2014 Tuesday

Sioux falls man charged with fraud and money laundering

LENGTH: 325  words

DATELINE: Pierre


United States Attorney's Office for the District of South Dakota has issued the
following press release:

United States Attorney Brendan V. Johnson announced that a Sioux Falls, South
Dakota, man has been indicted by a federal grand jury for Wire Fraud and Money
Laundering.

Randall William McKee, age 57, was indicted on November 4, 2014, for 14 counts
of Wire Fraud and 9 counts of Money Laundering.  He appeared before U.S.
Magistrate Judge Veronica L. Duffy on November 6, 2014, and pled not guilty to
the Indictment.

The wire fraud counts have a maximum penalty upon conviction of up to 20 years
in custody and/or a $250,000 fine, 3 years of supervised release, and $100 to
the Federal Crime Victims Fund.  The money laundering counts have a maximum
penalty upon conviction of up to 20 years in custody and/or a $500,000 fine or
twice the value of the property involved in the transactions (whichever is
greater), 3 years of supervised release, and $100 to the Federal Crime Victims
Fund.  Restitution may also be ordered on all counts.

McKee served as trustee for a fund set up to provide for the needs of a disabled
person. He is alleged to have written checks from that fund to a business he
controlled, and then moved those funds to his own personal bank accounts.  McKee
is also alleged to have defrauded investors in a real estate scheme by
soliciting investment funds and then using those funds for his own purposes.
The activity occurred while McKee was a resident of Rapid City, South Dakota.

The charges are merely accusations and McKee is presumed innocent until and
unless proven guilty.

The investigation is being conducted by the Federal Bureau of Investigation.
Assistant U.S. Attorney Ann M. Hoffman is prosecuting the case.

McKee was released on bond pending trial.  A trial date has been set for January
13, 2015.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              540 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 26, 2016 Saturday

Washington: Mexican Businessman Sentenced to Federal Prison for Role in Los
Zetas Money Laundering Scheme and Bribery

LENGTH: 733  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Federal Bureau of Investigation has issued the following news
release:



 In Austin, 55-year-old Veracruz, Mexico businessman Francisco Antonio
Colorado-Cessa (aka "Pancho"), was sentenced to 20 years in federal prison for
laundering Los Zetas drug proceeds and attempting to bribe a federal judge
announced United States Attorney Richard L. Durbin, Jr., FBI Special Agent in
Charge Christopher Combs and Internal Revenue Service Criminal Investigation
Special Agent in Charge William Cotter.





 In addition to the prison term, U.S. District Judge Donald E. Walter ordered
that Colorado-Cessa forfeit to the U.S. Government $60 million in U.S. Currency
and property--proceeds seized by authorities involved in the money laundering
scheme--including two planes and five bank accounts.



 In December 2015, a federal jury in Austin convicted Colorado-Cessa, the owner
of ADT Petroservicios, an oil services company in Mexico doing business with the
Mexican National Oil Company PEMEX, of one count of conspiracy to commit money
laundering.  The conspiracy charge centered on a scheme to launder millions of
dollars in Los Zetas drug distribution proceeds through purchasing, training,
breeding and racing American quarter horses in the United States.  Testimony
during that trial revealed a shell game by Colorado Cessa, a close associate of
the Zetas drug cartel's top leaders including Miguel Angel Trevino Morales (aka
"Z-40"), Oscar Omar Trevino Morales (aka "Z-42"), and others involving straw
purchasers and transactions worth millions of dollars in New Mexico, Oklahoma,
California and Texas to disguise the source of the drug money and make the
proceeds from the sale of quarter horses or their race winnings appear
legitimate.



 Over 400 quarter horses seized by federal authorities in June 2012 as part of
the above mentioned money laundering operation have been sold for approximately
$12 million.  One of the seized horses, Tempting Dash, winner of the Dash for
Cash at Lone Star Park race track in Grand Prairie, TX, in October 2009, sold at
an auction for a record $1.7 million in November 2013.



 In January 2016, a separate federal jury found Colorado-Cessa guilty of one
count of conspiracy to bribe a public official and one substantive count of
bribery, by offer or promise, of a public official.  Evidence during trial
revealed that Colorado-Cessa and others conspired in 2013 to pay a $1.2 million
bribe to a federal judge in order to secure a reduced sentence for
Colorado-Cessa in the above-mentioned money laundering case.  According to court
records, at no time before or during this investigation was the federal judge
involved in the alleged criminal activity.



 "Today's resentencing of Francisco Colorado-Cessa to 20 years in prison is
confirmation that the American public is steadfast in their conviction that he
was properly found guilty of money laundering and bribery the first time," said
IRS Criminal Investigation Special Agent in Charge William Cotter, San Antonio
Field Office. "Even with a second trial, the jury quickly came to the same
conclusion - guilty. IRS Criminal Investigation was proud to be part of the law
enforcement team that brought this criminal to justice."



 "The sentence handed down today ends years of litigation, and imposes
significant punishment upon the defendant.  The FBI appreciates the hard work
and dedication of all the prosecutors and agents who have handled this important
case, which demonstrates our collective commitment to protect the United States
from the violence and corruption associated with Mexican drug cartels," stated
FBI Special Agent in Charge Christopher Combs, San Antonio Division.



 This investigation was conducted by agents with the Federal Bureau of
Investigation, Internal Revenue Service-Criminal Investigation and the Drug
Enforcement Administration with assistance from the United States Marshals
Service, Immigration and Customs Enforcement Homeland Security Investigations
(ICE-HSI) and U.S. Border Patrol.  Other judicial districts involved in this
matter include the Western District of Oklahoma, Central District of California,
Southern District of Texas, District of New Mexico and the U.S. Department of
Treasury's Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC).



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              541 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                             August 20, 2004 Friday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

JEWELERS CUFFED, LINKED TO LAUNDER

BYLINE: BY ROBERT GEARTY DAILY NEWS STAFF WRITER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 30

LENGTH: 218 words


THREE DIAMOND DISTRICT merchants were charged yesterday with allegedly
laundering $1.6 million for international drug dealers in the latest black eye
for midtown gem dealers.

Ebrahim Raphael of Rosen Diamond Co., Yitzchok Hirschfeld of Intense & Vivid and
Hamid Delshad took bags of cash in exchange for checks made out to South
American druglords, prosecutors said.

The kingpins then wired their ill-gotten gains to Venezuela or Colombia, while
the gem merchants allegedly pocketed a percentage for the illicit service,
authorities said.

Both sides in the dirty deals used code words to communicate with each other,
according to prosecutors.

Raphael was charged with helping launder nearly $1.4 million between August 2001
and January 2002. Prosecutors say he also was later caught talking about another
drug money laundering scheme.

All three men were charged with money laundering and face possible long prison
terms. The investigation was carried out by the Manhattan district attorney's
office, the NYPD and the Internal Revenue Service.

Last year, 11 Diamond District merchants were busted in a separate money
laundering and gold-smelting scheme.

One of those merchants, Eduard Nektalov, 46, was slain in May in a brazen
midtown hit that officials said had nothing to do with the case.

rgearty@edit.nydailynews.com

LOAD-DATE: August 20, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2004 Daily News, L.P.


                              542 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Liverpool Echo

                              June 26, 2015 Friday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

KILLER'S PARTNER FACING JAIL FOR LAUNDERING CASH;
Girlfriend admits £69k was proceeds of crime

BYLINE: NEIL DOCKING

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 534 words


THE girlfriend of a drug dealer who murdered a rival in Aintree faces jail after
laundering his criminal cash.

Christopher Kenny, 26, was jailed for life with a minimum of 30 years behind
bars for the killing of Anthony Duffy.

He conspired to murder the 33-yearold with Shaun Walmsley, 26, John Hore, 54,
and Kirk Mello, 31, after Duffy plotted to burgle his and Walmsley's £60,000
cannabis farm.

Yesterday, Kenny's partner Courtney Randles appeared at Liverpool Crown Court,
charged with laundering hundreds of thousands of pounds of his ill-gotten gains.

She was also accused of trying to help him and Walmsley flee the country in the
wake of the killing by booking them plane flights to Amsterdam.

Randles, of Nickleby Close, Toxteth, admitted laundering between £100,000 and
£200,000 of Kenny's drug money on August 13, 2013.

The 26-year-old pleaded guilty to laundering £15,000 in cash that belonged to a
person she referred to only as "Ant" on November 19, 2013.

She also admitted possessing £68,766 of cash, knowing it was the proceeds of
crime, on May 30 last year - three days after Duffy was killed.

She had already admitted possession of the Class C designer drug TFMPP on the
same day.

Randles, who previously worked at the city council agency Liverpool Direct,
admitted disclosing personal data, namely the housing benefit records of Brian
Thomas - an acquaintance of Kenny - without consent on December 17, 2013.

However, she pleaded not guilty to conspiring to commit fraud with Kenny, Brian
Thomas and a woman called Thelma Jones by giving false information to help Brian
Thomas and Lewis Thomas obtain UK passports.

Randles also denied assisting an offender by booking flights for Kenny and
Walmsley from Liverpool to Amsterdam with Easyjet and from Manchester to
Amsterdam with KLM on May 30.

Judge Clement Goldstone, QC, said in reality they had both been present and
stood over her demanding that she book the flights.

He ordered both the fraud and assisting an offender allegations to lay on the
file.

The judge remanded Randles on bail with the condition she must not leave the
country.

He said: "You will return to this court to be sentenced on July 28.

Anthony Duffy, 33, from ¦ ¦Liverpool, who was stabbed to death in Aintree "When
you do so, you must expect an immediate custodial sentence."

Kenny, of Tilston Road; Walmsley, of Wallace Street; Hore, of Caldy Road, all
Walton; and Mello, of Manor Grove, Kirkby, were all found guilty of murder after
an eight-week trial.

The jury heard how Duffy, a cannabis and cocaine dealer, decided to try and
steal Kenny and Walmsley's crop.

Judge Goldstone said he "foolishly" enlisted career-burglar Hore, who betrayed
his friend.

Hore informed Kenny and Walmsley and agreed to lure Duffy to an ambush off
Greenwich Road.

Mello had supplied them with a large knife and a gun with a silencer and Duffy
fled upon seeing his attackers.

He was chased to Melling Avenue, where he was attacked in front of a woman and
her boyfriend - who at one point ended up underneath Duffy as he was being
stabbed.

Kenny and Walmsley were jailed for life with a minimum of 30 years.

Hore was sentenced to life with a minimum of 21 years and Mello to life with a
minimum of 22 years.

LOAD-DATE: June 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Courtney Randles leaving court ¦Christopher Kenny - jailed for 30 ¦
¦years for killing Anthony Duffy

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LPE


               Copyright 2015 The Liverpool Daily Post & Echo Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              543 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Smithfield Herald (North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              July 29, 2012 Sunday

Feds charge local woman

BYLINE: Colin Campbell, The Herald, Smithfield, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 448 words


July 29--A former Smithfield businesswoman has been indicted on federal money-
laundering charges.

Kathy Nethercutt Conway -- who co-owned a used-car-financing firm called
Security Credit Corp. -- faces one count of conspiring to launder money, two
counts of concealment of money laundering and two counts of laundering more than
$10,000.

Conway and a partner, Ernest Wade "Wheel" Artis, are suspected of using profits
from drug trafficking to repay car loans to Security Credit. Vehicles involved
include a 2000 Mercedes S500, a 2005 Cadillac Escalade and a 2006 BMW 6401i,
according to indictments.

Indictments say the pair tried to hide the source of the money, which totaled
about $41,661.

Artis faces the same money-laundering charges as Conway, and he's also been
charged with one count of conspiring to distribute five kilograms or more of
cocaine, 280 grams or more of crack cocaine base and 100 kilograms or more of
marijuana.

For the past several years, Conway and her partners at Security Credit Corp.
have been embroiled in a lawsuit against Mid-East Acceptance Corp. of N.C. Inc.,
a company owned by Conway's sister, Ruby Nethercutt.

Conway and her partner, David Lee, filed suit in 2010 against Nethercutt's firm,
claiming the latter business practiced unfair and deceptive trade practices.
Nethercutt had previously sued Conway in 2009, claiming her sister had tried to
hire someone to kill her. After the 2010 suit was filed, Nethercutt also filed
counterclaims accusing Security Credit of unfair and deceptive trade practices.

In February, the N.C. Court of Appeals ruled against Security Credit Corp., and
earlier this month, another judge tossed out some of Nethercutt's counterclaims.

Court documents in the suit name state Rep. Leo Daughtry of Smithfield as a
witness; he was an investor in Security Credit until about two years ago. "I
didn't have anything to do with the day-to-day operation of the business," he
said.

Daughtry said he ended his involvement as the lawsuits began and was surprised
to learn of the criminal charges. "The lawsuit involved a longstanding feud
between Kathy and her sister," he said. "I didn't feel like it would be
something I could add or detract from."

Robin Zier, a spokeswoman for the U.S. District Attorney's Office in Raleigh,
said Artis and Conway are due in court Aug. 20, though attorneys are seeking to
postpone the hearing. Zier said she could not comment on the investigation that
led to the charges. She also declined to say whether others are also under
investigation.

Campbell: 919-836-5768

___ (c)2012 The Herald (Smithfield, N.C.) Visit The Herald (Smithfield, N.C.) at
www.theherald-nc.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: August 1, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120729-SQ-Feds-charge-local-woman-0729-20120729

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SQ


             Copyright 2012 The Smithfield Herald (North Carolina)


                              544 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 20, 2015 Friday

Arizona: Supervisory Assistant United States Attorney (Chief, Asset Forfeiture
and Money Laundering Unit)

LENGTH: 1374  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Justice has issued the following news release:

Supervisory Assistant United States Attorney (Chief, Asset Forfeiture and Money
Laundering Unit)
USAO District of New Jersey
Attorney
970 Broad Street, Suite 700
Newark, NJ 07102
United States
15-NJ-500002
About the Office:

The District of New Jersey is an energetic and progressive District comprised of
140 attorneys located in three staffed offices: Newark, Trenton and Camden. The
USAO has jurisdiction and responsibility in a broad range of subject matter
areas, all of which involve advancing the multi-varied criminal and civil legal
interests of the Federal government. The office values diversity and seeks to
provide an inclusive rewarding work environment for employees of all
backgrounds.
Job Description:

Supervisory Assistant United States Attorney (AUSA) of the Asset Forfeiture and
Money Laundering Unit of the District of New Jersey

This is a temporary, at will position. The selectee will be part of the
district's management team, under the control, supervision, and direction of the
Chief of the Criminal Division. The AUSA selected for this supervisory position
will be responsible for exercising dynamic leadership and efficiently and
effectively managing the employees in the Asset Forfeiture and Money Laundering
Unit to accomplish the mission of the Department and the specific goals of this
district, as set forth by the United States Attorney.
Qualifications:

This vacancy is open to Current AUSAs in the United States Attorney's Offices,
Executive Office for the United States Attorneys and Attorneys at the Department
of Justice components.

Required Qualifications: Applicants must have at least five years of experience
as an AUSA or comparable legal experience. Interested AUSAs must have at least a
fully successful performance rating for the last evaluation year. All applicants
must be an active member of the bar (any jurisdiction) and not have received any
disciplinary actions within the past year from the date of the application.

Preferred Qualifications: Applicants should be able to demonstrate by
experience, knowledge, or training, that they are skilled litigators, especially
in representing the U.S. in forfeiting assets that are the proceeds of criminal
activity or were used to facilitate criminal activity; prosecuting defendants
for money laundering, violating currency reporting requirements, and conducting
illegal money transmitting businesses; and handling civil asset forfeitures.
Salary:
$103,422 - $158,554
Travel:
Occasional travel may be required.
Application Process:

The application materials which consist of a coversheet, resume and writing
sample should be submitted using one of the methods listing below:

Regular or Express Mail
Send the required documents to:

William Fitzpatrick
First Assistant US Attorney
US Attorney's Office
970 Broad Street, Suite 700
Newark, NJ 07102

Email
Send the required documents to USANJ.HRapplications@usdoj.gov
Email links icon

Application materials submitted by mail must be received by 5:00 pm Eastern
Standard/Daylight Time on the closing date.

Application materials submitted by email must be received by 11:59 pm (midnight)
Eastern Standard/Daylight Time on the closing date.
Application Deadline:
Friday, February 20, 2015
Relocation Expenses:
Relocation expenses will not be paid.
Number of Positions:
1
Updated February 6, 2015

*         *         *
Department Policies

Equal Employment Opportunity:  The U.S. Department of Justice is an Equal
Opportunity/Reasonable Accommodation Employer.  Except where otherwise provided
by law, there will be no discrimination because of color, race, religion,
national origin, political affiliation, marital status, disability (physical or
mental), age, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, genetic information,
status as a parent, membership or non-membership in an employee organization, on
the basis of personal favoritism, or any other non-merit factor.  The Department
of Justice welcomes and encourages applications from persons with physical and
mental disabilities. The Department is firmly committed to satisfying its
affirmative obligations under the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, to ensure that
persons with disabilities have every opportunity to be hired and advanced on the
basis of merit within the Department of Justice.

Reasonable Accommodations:  This agency provides reasonable accommodation to
applicants with disabilities where appropriate. If you need a reasonable
accommodation for any part of the application and hiring process, please notify
the agency.  Determinations on requests for reasonable accommodation will be
made on a case-by-case basis.

Outreach and Recruitment for Qualified Applicants with Disabilities:   The
Department encourages qualified applicants with disabilities, including
individuals with targeted/severe disabilities to apply in response to posted
vacancy announcements.  Qualified applicants with targeted/severe disabilities
may be eligible for direct hire, non-competitive appointment under Schedule A (5
C.F.R. § 213.3102(u)) hiring authority.  Individuals with targeted/severe
disabilities are encouraged to register for the Office of Personnel Management
(OPM) Shared List of People with Disabilities (the Bender Disability Employment
Registry) by submitting their resume to resume@benderconsult.com
Email links icon
and referencing "Federal Career Opportunities" in the subject line.  Additional
information about the Bender Registry is available at www.benderconsult.com
[external link].  Individuals with disabilities may also contact one of the
Department's Disability Points of Contact (DPOC).  See list of DPOCs.

Suitability and Citizenship:  It is the policy of the Department to achieve a
drug-free workplace and persons selected for employment will be required to pass
a drug test which screens for illegal drug use prior to final appointment.
Employment is also contingent upon the completion and satisfactory adjudication
of a background investigation. Only U.S. citizens are eligible for employment
with the Executive Office for Immigration Review and the United States
Attorneys' Offices. Unless otherwise indicated in a particular job
advertisement, non-U.S. Citizens may apply for employment with other
organizations, but should be advised that appointments of non-U.S. Citizens are
extremely rare; such appointments would be possible only if necessary to
accomplish the Department's mission and would be subject to strict security
requirements.  Applicants who hold dual citizenship in the U.S. and another
country will be considered on a case-by-case basis.

Veterans:  There is no formal rating system for applying veterans' preference to
attorney appointments in the excepted service; however, the Department of
Justice considers veterans' preference eligibility as a positive factor in
attorney hiring. Applicants eligible for veterans' preference must include that
information in their cover letter or resume and attach supporting documentation
(e.g., the DD 214, Certificate of Release or Discharge from Active Duty and
other supporting documentation) to their submissions. Although the "point"
system is not used, per se, applicants eligible to claim 10-point preference
must submit Standard Form (SF) 15, Application for 10-Point Veteran Preference,
and submit the supporting documentation required for the specific type of
preference claimed (visit the OPM website, www.opm.gov/forms/pdf_fill/SF15.pdf
for a copy of SF 15, which lists the types of 10-point preferences and the
required supporting document(s). Applicants should note that SF 15 requires
supporting documentation associated with service- connected disabilities or
receipt of nonservice-connected disability pensions to be dated 1991 or later
except in the case of service members submitting official statements or
retirement orders from a branch of the Armed Forces showing that his  or her
retirement was due to a permanent service-connected disability or that he/she
was transferred to the permanent disability retired list (the statement or
retirement orders must indicate that the disability is 10% or more).

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              545 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 13, 2015 Friday

Arizona: Supervisory Assistant United States Attorney (Chief, Asset Forfeiture
and Money Laundering Unit)

LENGTH: 1374  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Justice has issued the following news release:

Supervisory Assistant United States Attorney (Chief, Asset Forfeiture and Money
Laundering Unit)
USAO District of New Jersey
Attorney
970 Broad Street, Suite 700
Newark, NJ 07102
United States
15-NJ-500002
About the Office:

The District of New Jersey is an energetic and progressive District comprised of
140 attorneys located in three staffed offices: Newark, Trenton and Camden. The
USAO has jurisdiction and responsibility in a broad range of subject matter
areas, all of which involve advancing the multi-varied criminal and civil legal
interests of the Federal government. The office values diversity and seeks to
provide an inclusive rewarding work environment for employees of all
backgrounds.
Job Description:

Supervisory Assistant United States Attorney (AUSA) of the Asset Forfeiture and
Money Laundering Unit of the District of New Jersey

This is a temporary, at will position. The selectee will be part of the
district's management team, under the control, supervision, and direction of the
Chief of the Criminal Division. The AUSA selected for this supervisory position
will be responsible for exercising dynamic leadership and efficiently and
effectively managing the employees in the Asset Forfeiture and Money Laundering
Unit to accomplish the mission of the Department and the specific goals of this
district, as set forth by the United States Attorney.
Qualifications:

This vacancy is open to Current AUSAs in the United States Attorney's Offices,
Executive Office for the United States Attorneys and Attorneys at the Department
of Justice components.

Required Qualifications: Applicants must have at least five years of experience
as an AUSA or comparable legal experience. Interested AUSAs must have at least a
fully successful performance rating for the last evaluation year. All applicants
must be an active member of the bar (any jurisdiction) and not have received any
disciplinary actions within the past year from the date of the application.

Preferred Qualifications: Applicants should be able to demonstrate by
experience, knowledge, or training, that they are skilled litigators, especially
in representing the U.S. in forfeiting assets that are the proceeds of criminal
activity or were used to facilitate criminal activity; prosecuting defendants
for money laundering, violating currency reporting requirements, and conducting
illegal money transmitting businesses; and handling civil asset forfeitures.
Salary:
$103,422 - $158,554
Travel:
Occasional travel may be required.
Application Process:

The application materials which consist of a coversheet, resume and writing
sample should be submitted using one of the methods listing below:

Regular or Express Mail
Send the required documents to:

William Fitzpatrick
First Assistant US Attorney
US Attorney's Office
970 Broad Street, Suite 700
Newark, NJ 07102

Email
Send the required documents to USANJ.HRapplications@usdoj.gov
Email links icon

Application materials submitted by mail must be received by 5:00 pm Eastern
Standard/Daylight Time on the closing date.

Application materials submitted by email must be received by 11:59 pm (midnight)
Eastern Standard/Daylight Time on the closing date.
Application Deadline:
Friday, February 20, 2015
Relocation Expenses:
Relocation expenses will not be paid.
Number of Positions:
1
Updated February 6, 2015

*         *         *
Department Policies

Equal Employment Opportunity:  The U.S. Department of Justice is an Equal
Opportunity/Reasonable Accommodation Employer.  Except where otherwise provided
by law, there will be no discrimination because of color, race, religion,
national origin, political affiliation, marital status, disability (physical or
mental), age, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, genetic information,
status as a parent, membership or non-membership in an employee organization, on
the basis of personal favoritism, or any other non-merit factor.  The Department
of Justice welcomes and encourages applications from persons with physical and
mental disabilities. The Department is firmly committed to satisfying its
affirmative obligations under the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, to ensure that
persons with disabilities have every opportunity to be hired and advanced on the
basis of merit within the Department of Justice.

Reasonable Accommodations:  This agency provides reasonable accommodation to
applicants with disabilities where appropriate. If you need a reasonable
accommodation for any part of the application and hiring process, please notify
the agency.  Determinations on requests for reasonable accommodation will be
made on a case-by-case basis.

Outreach and Recruitment for Qualified Applicants with Disabilities:   The
Department encourages qualified applicants with disabilities, including
individuals with targeted/severe disabilities to apply in response to posted
vacancy announcements.  Qualified applicants with targeted/severe disabilities
may be eligible for direct hire, non-competitive appointment under Schedule A (5
C.F.R. § 213.3102(u)) hiring authority.  Individuals with targeted/severe
disabilities are encouraged to register for the Office of Personnel Management
(OPM) Shared List of People with Disabilities (the Bender Disability Employment
Registry) by submitting their resume to resume@benderconsult.com
Email links icon
and referencing "Federal Career Opportunities" in the subject line.  Additional
information about the Bender Registry is available at www.benderconsult.com
[external link].  Individuals with disabilities may also contact one of the
Department's Disability Points of Contact (DPOC).  See list of DPOCs.

Suitability and Citizenship:  It is the policy of the Department to achieve a
drug-free workplace and persons selected for employment will be required to pass
a drug test which screens for illegal drug use prior to final appointment.
Employment is also contingent upon the completion and satisfactory adjudication
of a background investigation. Only U.S. citizens are eligible for employment
with the Executive Office for Immigration Review and the United States
Attorneys' Offices. Unless otherwise indicated in a particular job
advertisement, non-U.S. Citizens may apply for employment with other
organizations, but should be advised that appointments of non-U.S. Citizens are
extremely rare; such appointments would be possible only if necessary to
accomplish the Department's mission and would be subject to strict security
requirements.  Applicants who hold dual citizenship in the U.S. and another
country will be considered on a case-by-case basis.

Veterans:  There is no formal rating system for applying veterans' preference to
attorney appointments in the excepted service; however, the Department of
Justice considers veterans' preference eligibility as a positive factor in
attorney hiring. Applicants eligible for veterans' preference must include that
information in their cover letter or resume and attach supporting documentation
(e.g., the DD 214, Certificate of Release or Discharge from Active Duty and
other supporting documentation) to their submissions. Although the "point"
system is not used, per se, applicants eligible to claim 10-point preference
must submit Standard Form (SF) 15, Application for 10-Point Veteran Preference,
and submit the supporting documentation required for the specific type of
preference claimed (visit the OPM website, www.opm.gov/forms/pdf_fill/SF15.pdf
for a copy of SF 15, which lists the types of 10-point preferences and the
required supporting document(s). Applicants should note that SF 15 requires
supporting documentation associated with service- connected disabilities or
receipt of nonservice-connected disability pensions to be dated 1991 or later
except in the case of service members submitting official statements or
retirement orders from a branch of the Armed Forces showing that his  or her
retirement was due to a permanent service-connected disability or that he/she
was transferred to the permanent disability retired list (the statement or
retirement orders must indicate that the disability is 10% or more).

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              546 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 10, 2015 Tuesday

Arizona: Supervisory Assistant United States Attorney (Chief, Asset Forfeiture
and Money Laundering Unit)

LENGTH: 1374  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Justice has issued the following news release:

Supervisory Assistant United States Attorney (Chief, Asset Forfeiture and Money
Laundering Unit)
USAO District of New Jersey
Attorney
970 Broad Street, Suite 700
Newark, NJ 07102
United States
15-NJ-500002
About the Office:

The District of New Jersey is an energetic and progressive District comprised of
140 attorneys located in three staffed offices: Newark, Trenton and Camden. The
USAO has jurisdiction and responsibility in a broad range of subject matter
areas, all of which involve advancing the multi-varied criminal and civil legal
interests of the Federal government. The office values diversity and seeks to
provide an inclusive rewarding work environment for employees of all
backgrounds.
Job Description:

Supervisory Assistant United States Attorney (AUSA) of the Asset Forfeiture and
Money Laundering Unit of the District of New Jersey

This is a temporary, at will position. The selectee will be part of the
district's management team, under the control, supervision, and direction of the
Chief of the Criminal Division. The AUSA selected for this supervisory position
will be responsible for exercising dynamic leadership and efficiently and
effectively managing the employees in the Asset Forfeiture and Money Laundering
Unit to accomplish the mission of the Department and the specific goals of this
district, as set forth by the United States Attorney.
Qualifications:

This vacancy is open to Current AUSAs in the United States Attorney's Offices,
Executive Office for the United States Attorneys and Attorneys at the Department
of Justice components.

Required Qualifications: Applicants must have at least five years of experience
as an AUSA or comparable legal experience. Interested AUSAs must have at least a
fully successful performance rating for the last evaluation year. All applicants
must be an active member of the bar (any jurisdiction) and not have received any
disciplinary actions within the past year from the date of the application.

Preferred Qualifications: Applicants should be able to demonstrate by
experience, knowledge, or training, that they are skilled litigators, especially
in representing the U.S. in forfeiting assets that are the proceeds of criminal
activity or were used to facilitate criminal activity; prosecuting defendants
for money laundering, violating currency reporting requirements, and conducting
illegal money transmitting businesses; and handling civil asset forfeitures.
Salary:
$103,422 - $158,554
Travel:
Occasional travel may be required.
Application Process:

The application materials which consist of a coversheet, resume and writing
sample should be submitted using one of the methods listing below:

Regular or Express Mail
Send the required documents to:

William Fitzpatrick
First Assistant US Attorney
US Attorney's Office
970 Broad Street, Suite 700
Newark, NJ 07102

Email
Send the required documents to USANJ.HRapplications@usdoj.gov
Email links icon

Application materials submitted by mail must be received by 5:00 pm Eastern
Standard/Daylight Time on the closing date.

Application materials submitted by email must be received by 11:59 pm (midnight)
Eastern Standard/Daylight Time on the closing date.
Application Deadline:
Friday, February 20, 2015
Relocation Expenses:
Relocation expenses will not be paid.
Number of Positions:
1
Updated February 6, 2015

*         *         *
Department Policies

Equal Employment Opportunity:  The U.S. Department of Justice is an Equal
Opportunity/Reasonable Accommodation Employer.  Except where otherwise provided
by law, there will be no discrimination because of color, race, religion,
national origin, political affiliation, marital status, disability (physical or
mental), age, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, genetic information,
status as a parent, membership or non-membership in an employee organization, on
the basis of personal favoritism, or any other non-merit factor.  The Department
of Justice welcomes and encourages applications from persons with physical and
mental disabilities. The Department is firmly committed to satisfying its
affirmative obligations under the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, to ensure that
persons with disabilities have every opportunity to be hired and advanced on the
basis of merit within the Department of Justice.

Reasonable Accommodations:  This agency provides reasonable accommodation to
applicants with disabilities where appropriate. If you need a reasonable
accommodation for any part of the application and hiring process, please notify
the agency.  Determinations on requests for reasonable accommodation will be
made on a case-by-case basis.

Outreach and Recruitment for Qualified Applicants with Disabilities:   The
Department encourages qualified applicants with disabilities, including
individuals with targeted/severe disabilities to apply in response to posted
vacancy announcements.  Qualified applicants with targeted/severe disabilities
may be eligible for direct hire, non-competitive appointment under Schedule A (5
C.F.R. § 213.3102(u)) hiring authority.  Individuals with targeted/severe
disabilities are encouraged to register for the Office of Personnel Management
(OPM) Shared List of People with Disabilities (the Bender Disability Employment
Registry) by submitting their resume to resume@benderconsult.com
Email links icon
and referencing "Federal Career Opportunities" in the subject line.  Additional
information about the Bender Registry is available at www.benderconsult.com
[external link].  Individuals with disabilities may also contact one of the
Department's Disability Points of Contact (DPOC).  See list of DPOCs.

Suitability and Citizenship:  It is the policy of the Department to achieve a
drug-free workplace and persons selected for employment will be required to pass
a drug test which screens for illegal drug use prior to final appointment.
Employment is also contingent upon the completion and satisfactory adjudication
of a background investigation. Only U.S. citizens are eligible for employment
with the Executive Office for Immigration Review and the United States
Attorneys' Offices. Unless otherwise indicated in a particular job
advertisement, non-U.S. Citizens may apply for employment with other
organizations, but should be advised that appointments of non-U.S. Citizens are
extremely rare; such appointments would be possible only if necessary to
accomplish the Department's mission and would be subject to strict security
requirements.  Applicants who hold dual citizenship in the U.S. and another
country will be considered on a case-by-case basis.

Veterans:  There is no formal rating system for applying veterans' preference to
attorney appointments in the excepted service; however, the Department of
Justice considers veterans' preference eligibility as a positive factor in
attorney hiring. Applicants eligible for veterans' preference must include that
information in their cover letter or resume and attach supporting documentation
(e.g., the DD 214, Certificate of Release or Discharge from Active Duty and
other supporting documentation) to their submissions. Although the "point"
system is not used, per se, applicants eligible to claim 10-point preference
must submit Standard Form (SF) 15, Application for 10-Point Veteran Preference,
and submit the supporting documentation required for the specific type of
preference claimed (visit the OPM website, www.opm.gov/forms/pdf_fill/SF15.pdf
for a copy of SF 15, which lists the types of 10-point preferences and the
required supporting document(s). Applicants should note that SF 15 requires
supporting documentation associated with service- connected disabilities or
receipt of nonservice-connected disability pensions to be dated 1991 or later
except in the case of service members submitting official statements or
retirement orders from a branch of the Armed Forces showing that his  or her
retirement was due to a permanent service-connected disability or that he/she
was transferred to the permanent disability retired list (the statement or
retirement orders must indicate that the disability is 10% or more).

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              547 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                  Copyright (c) 2013 Tennessee Bar Association
                             Tennessee Bar Journal

                                 December, 2013

                             Tennessee Bar Journal

                                49 Tenn. B.J. 27

LENGTH: 1907 words

BANK ON IT: MONEY LAUNDERING: IT'S A DIRTY BUSINESS

NAME: BY Kathryn Reed Edge

BIO: KATHRYN REED EDGE is a member in the Nashville office of Butler, Snow,
O'Mara, Stevens & Cannada PLLC, with offices in Tennessee, Mississippi, Alabama,
Pennsylvania, and Louisiana. She is co-chair of the firm's Banking Subgroup and
concentrates her practice in representing regulated financial services
companies. She is a past president of the Tennessee Bar Association and a former
member of the editorial board for the Tennessee Bar Journal.

HIGHLIGHT: Bankers uniformly despise their role as cops in the war on terror and
organized crime. Many feel that they have been conscripted into the service of
ICE, the FBI, CIA and Interpol without the accompanying glamour and cool cars.

TEXT:
 [*27]

   In 2005 Congressman Tom DeLay, R-Texas, was convicted, along with two
associates, of funneling $ 190,000 in corporate contributions through the
Republican National Committee to Republicans running for the Texas State
Legislature in 2002. Congressman DeLay was forced to step down, his political
career in shambles. He has been free on a $ 10,000 bond and has maintained a
high profile, even appearing on this author's guilty pleasure reality show,
"Dancing with the Stars." In September 2013, the Texas Court of Criminal Appeals
overturned his conviction, rejecting the case brought against the flamboyant
politician. "The evidence was legally insufficient to support DeLay's
convictions," wrote Justice Melissa Goodwin in the opinion for the majority.
"The fundamental problem with the state's case was its failure to prove proceeds
of criminal activity." While a jury found that Mr. DeLay was guilty of money
laundering, the appeals court disagreed.

What is Money Laundering?

At its most basic, money laundering is the act of making money that comes from
one source look like it comes from another. Criminals try to disguise the
origins of ill-gotten gains by funneling that money through legal businesses.
Otherwise, the bad guys can't use the money because it would connect them to the
original crime, giving law enforcement the right to seize the funds. In
addition, it is a federal crime to engage in any monetary transaction with
criminally derived property.  n1

   Money laundering in today's complex financial and volatile political
environments is far more insidious than gangsters investing in the local
pizzeria or dry cleaners and "laundering" their gambling, prostitution or drug
money through legitimate enterprises. A bad guy in Moscow transfers dirty money
to another bad guy in Prague who sends it along to Buenos Ares and then to the
Caymans and then back to Moscow, all squeaky clean and spendable.

   The Financial Crimes Enforcement Network, called FinCEN, describes money
laundering as involving three steps: placement, layering and integration. First,
the funds are furtively introduced into the legitimate financial system. The
money is then moved around to create confusion, sometimes by wiring or
transferring through numerous accounts. Lastly, the money is integrated into the
financial system through additional transactions until the "dirty money" appears
"clean."  n2 FinCEN's mission is "to safeguard the financial system from the
abuses of financial crime, including terrorist financing, money laundering and
other illicit activity."

History of Anti-Money-Laundering Laws

Since the passage of the Bank Secrecy Act in 1970, there have been a series of
laws designed to curtail money laundering. Many of these laws amend multiple
titles and sections of the United States Code; for these, I have noted the
Public Law numbers.

   Bank Secrecy Act (1970) (BSA): 31 U.S.C. 5311 et seq and 31 CRF 101 et seq.


     - Established requirements for  [*28]  recordkeeping and reporting by
     individuals, banks and other financial institutions
     - Designed to help identify the source, volume and movement of
     currency and other monetary instruments transported or transmitted
     into or out of the United States or deposited in financial
     institutions
     - Required banks to (i) report cash transactions over $ 10,000 using
     the Currency Transaction Report (CTR); (ii) properly identify persons
     conducting transactions (the "know your customer" rules); and (iii)
     maintain a paper trail by keeping appropriate records of financial
     transactions.


Money Laundering Control Act (1986): 18 U.S.C. 1956 et seq.

     - Established money laundering as a federal crime
     - Prohibited structuring of transactions to evade CTR filings
     (depositing $ 9,999, just under the limit; then depositing another $
     9,999, and so on)
     - Introduced civil and criminal forfeiture for BSA violations
     - Directed banks to establish and maintain procedures to ensure and
     monitor compliance with the BSA reporting and recording requirements.

   Anti-Drug Abuse Act of 1988: 21 U.S.C. 801 et seq.

     - Expanded the definition of financial institution to include
     businesses such as car dealers and real estate closing personnel and
     required them to file reports on large currency transactions
     - Required the verification of identify of purchasers of monetary
     instruments over $ 3,000 (think money orders).

   Annunzio-Wylie Anti-Money Laundering Act (1992): Pub. L. 102-550 (amends
various titles and sections of the United States Code)

     - Strengthened the sanctions for BSA violations
     - Required Suspicious Activity Reports ("SAR") and eliminated
     previously used Criminal Referral Forms
     - Required verification and recordkeeping for wire transfers.

   Money Laundering Suppression Act (1994): 31 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.

     - Required banking agencies to review and enhance training and develop
     anti-money laundering examination procedures
     - Required banking agencies to review and enhance procedures for
     referring cases to appropriate law enforcement agencies
     - Streamlined CTR exemption process (those businesses that are not
     required to file CTRs)
     - Required registration of Money Services Businesses ("MSBs") (a
     business that offers money orders, traveler's checks, check cashing,
     currency dealing/exchange, stored value cards and conducts more than $
     1,000 in money services business activity with the same person on the
     same day or the business provides money transfer services in any
     amount)
     - Required every MSB to maintain a list of businesses authorized to
     act as agents in connection with the financial services offered by the
     MSB
     - Made operating as an unregistered MSB a federal crime
     - Recommended that states adopt uniform laws applicable to MSBs  n3

   Money Laundering and Financial Crimes Strategy Act (1998): 31 U.S.C. 5301 et
seq.

     - Required banking agencies to develop anti-money laundering training
     for examiners (didn't the Money Laundering Suppression Act do that?)
     - Required the Department of the Treasury and other agencies to
     develop a National Money Laundering Strategy  n4
     - Created the High Intensity Money Laundering and Related Financial
     Crime Area (HIFCA) Task Forces to concentrate law enforcement efforts
     at all levels of government

   Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools to Restrict,
Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001 (USA PATRIOT Act): Pub. L. 107-56
(codified in various titles and sections of the United States Code)

     - Title III of the USA PATRIOT Act is referred to as the International
     Money Laundering Abatement and Financial Anti-Terrorism Act of 2001;
     the USA PATRIOT Act was hurriedly passed following the attacks on
     9/11/2001.
     - Criminalizes the financing of terrorism and augmented the existing
     BSA framework by strengthening customer identification  [*29]
     procedures
     - Prohibited US financial institutions from engaging in business with
     foreign shell banks
     - Required financial institutions to have due diligence procedures and
     enhanced due diligence procedures for foreign correspondent and
     private banking accounts
     - Improved information sharing between financial institutions and the
     US government by requiring government-institution information sharing
     and voluntary information sharing among financial institutions
     - Expanded the anti-money laundering program requirements to all
     financial institutions
     - Increased civil and criminal penalties for money laundering
     - Provided the Secretary of the Treasury with the authority to impose
     "special measures" on jurisdictions, institutions or transactions that
     are of "primary money laundering concern"
     - Facilitated records access and required banks to respond to
     regulatory requests for information within 120 hours
     - Required federal banking agencies to consider a bank's anti-money
     laundering record when reviewing bank mergers, acquisitions and other
     applications for business combinations

   Intelligence Reform & Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004: Pub. L. 108-458
(amended various titles and sections of the United States Code)

     - Amended the BSA to require the Secretary of the Treasury to
     prescribe regulations requiring certain financial institutions to
     report cross-border electronic transmittals of funds if the Secretary
     determines that such reporting is "reasonably necessary" to aid in the
     fight against money laundering and terrorist financing.


Money Laundering in the News

You cannot pick up a real or virtual newspaper these days without seeing reports
of efforts to curtain money laundering and terrorist financing. Consider these
headlines:

   "Kenya Attacks to Invigorate Counterterrorism Financing Efforts against
Somali Group ..."

   "Treasury Fines TD Bank $ 52 Million for Willfully Ignoring Ponzi Schemer's
Transactions"

   "Cyprus Missed AML Deadlines" (a condition of receiving a 10 billion euro
bailout)

   "NJ Attorneys Request Saddle River Valley Bank to Forfeit $ 1.2 Million to
Settle BSA Violations"

   "Defense Attorney, Legal Broker Arrested in Puerto Rico on Money Laundering
Charges."

Bankers as Criminalists

Bankers uniformly despise their role as cops in the war on terror and organized
crime. Many feel that they have been conscripted into the service of ICE, the
FBI, CIA and Interpol without the accompanying glamour and cool cars. The
paperwork burdens are enormous, and the costs associated with hiring, training,
and retaining qualified BSA officers are more than some small banks can endure.
Small technical infractions of the BSA/Anti-Money Laundering rules are meted out
by bank examiners as if the failure to file one CTR or SAR might spell the end
of democracy as we know it. If only some eagle-eyed banker had stopped the
transfer of funds, somehow, to those extremists who flew planes into our
monuments to free enterprise and democracy... if only someone in a convenience
store selling a money order to one of the terrorists had been suspicious ... if
only. We will probably never know whether the small things that bankers do each
day to obey the law and help enforce these onerous statutes really make any
difference, but we hope that all this trouble is worth it. As a nation, we must
do all we can to catch and punish the bad guys -- and even the sort-of-bad guys.
In this case, I think the trip is worth the fare.

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Banking LawCriminal OffensesMoney LaunderingBanking LawFederal ActsUSA PATRIOT
ActCriminal Law & ProcedureCriminal OffensesMiscellaneous OffensesCurrency
SmugglingGeneral Overview

FOOTNOTES:





n1  18 U.S.C. § 1957.





n2  See www.fincen.gov/news_room/aml_history.html.





n3  See Tennessee Department of Financial Institutions Department Bulletin
B-05-1, Guidance Regarding Non-Bank Financial Institution Customers, February
23, 2005.





n4  The Department of Treasury established the Office of Terrorism and Financial
Intelligence to help combat all aspects of money laundering at home and abroad.
See www.treasury.gov/recourse-center/terrorist-illicit-finance.


                              548 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                             National Post (Canada)

                  September 24, 1999 Friday NATIONAL EDITIONS

U.S. declares war on money laundering: Reports link up to 10 banks with Russian
crime

BYLINE: Peter Morton

SECTION: FINANCIAL POST; Pg. C01 / Front

LENGTH: 643 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON - As the scandal over Russian money-laundering continues to grow, the
U.S. administration said yesterday it will call on anyone who handles cash --
from grocery store clerks to casino operators -- to help stop drug smugglers and
criminals from using the U.S. financial system to launder as much as
$500-billion (US) a year.

'Money laundering is a very sophisticated crime and we must be equally
sophisticated and adapt our efforts to confront these criminals,' Janet Reno,
the U.S. Attorney General, said.

The administration's latest attack on money laundering was being put together
before the investigation into the diversion of as much as $15-billion (all
figures in U.S. dollars) by Russian government officials and organized crime
through the U.S. banking system. So far, only three banks, the Bank of New York,
Republic Bank and Barclays Bank, have been linked to money diversion, although a
report in USA Today said yesterday it may have spread to as many as 10 U.S.
banks.

The banks named in the USA Today report include BankBoston, J.P. Morgan and
Fleet Financial Group Inc. in Boston, all of which refused to comment. At the
same time, an official with the New York State Banking Department, said
yesterday the agency 'had no knowledge' of any Canadian banks being involved in
the probes.

The New York investigation is tied to the number of bank accounts of a trading
company, Benex International, operated by a Peter Berlin, a Russian immigrant
who is married to Lucy Edwards, a former Bank of New York executive. Ms. Edwards
has been fired for not co-operating with the investigation.

U.S. law and banking agencies have launched their own investigation in New York
while Congress has stepped in by holding its own hearings into the disappearance
of the $15-billion, of which $10-billion may have come from the International
Monetary Fund. None of the banks has been accused of anything illegal.

The proposed Money Laundering Act of 1999 unveiled yesterday will make smuggling
of large amounts of cash a more serious crime and expand current money-
laundering laws to include money received in crimes committed outside the United
States such as government corruption and arms trafficking. The law will also,
for the first time, give U.S. courts jurisdiction over foreign banks violating
U.S. money-laundering laws and insist on identifying those transferring money
into the United States. Money can be anonymously wire-transferred to a U.S. bank
from abroad.

'Arms dealers and corrupt foreign officials should not be able to -- and will
not be able to if this strategy is implemented -- launder their proceeds through
U.S. banks with impunity,' said Lawrence Summers, the U.S. Treasury Secretary.

As well, the new law will demand that anyone normally handling large amounts of
cash -- from grocery stories to casinos to cheque-cashing agencies -- report any
suspicious movement of a large amount of cash. Currently, only banks have to
file the reports. Also, the administration plans to put the squeeze on 'rogue'
governments that refuse to co-operate by trying to persuade other international
lending agencies, such as the IMF, to hike their borrowing costs.

'This marks the beginning of an effort to not only arrest terrorists and drug
dealers but also to protect the integrity and public trust of our financial
systems,' said Sen. Charles Grassley, chairman of the Senate narcotics caucus
and a supporter of the bill.

The Russian money-laundering trail is beginning to spread as well. Thomas Renyi,
chairman of the Bank of New York, told a Congressional committee that Leonid
Dyanchenk, the son-in-law of Boris Yeltsin, the Russian President, maintained
accounts at an offshore bank in the Cayman Islands. The Swiss government has
also frozen more than $16-million in accounts linked to Russia.

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Color Photo: Agence France-Presse / Janet RenoFinancial Post

TYPE: Business; Crime

                    Copyright 1999 Financial Post DataGroup,
                    A division of The National Post Company
                              All rights reserved.


                              549 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              March 6, 2015 Friday

Arizona: Albuquerque Man Pleads Guilty to Laundering Money for Major Narcotics
Trafficking Organization

LENGTH: 654  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Justice has issued the following news releae:

ALBUQUERQUE--Jerome Eckstein, 39, of Albuquerque, N.M., pled guilty today to a
money laundering charge under a plea agreement with the U.S. Attorney's Office
that provides for up to 20 months in federal prison.

Eckstein was one of 19 defendants charged in Dec. 2012, with drug trafficking
and money laundering charges in a 60-count indictment. The indictment was
superseded twice; first in Feb. 2014, to add a 20th defendant and a witness
tampering charge, and again in Sept. 2014, to add another witness tampering
charge and a heroin trafficking charge.

The charges filed in the case were the result of a 16-month multi-agency
investigation into a drug trafficking organization headed by Christopher Roybal,
35, of Albuquerque, N.M., which was led by the FBI, IRS and Albuquerque Police
Department with assistance from the DEA, the HIDTA Region I Narcotic Task Force
and the Bernalillo County Sheriff's Office. The investigation, code-named
"Operation Rain Check," was designated as part of the Organized Crime Drug
Enforcement Task Force ("OCDETF") program. OCDETF is a nationwide Department of
Justice program that combines the resources and unique expertise of federal
agencies, along with their local counterparts, in a coordinated effort to
disrupt and dismantle major drug trafficking organizations.

According to the original indictment, Roybal and ten others conspired to
distribute large quantities of cocaine in New Mexico between Aug. 2011 and Dec.
2012. It further alleged that Roybal and nine others conspired to distribute
marijuana between Oct. 2011 and Dec. 2012. The indictment also included three
separate money laundering conspiracies, 22 money laundering offenses, and 18
"telephone counts," offenses alleging the use of a communications device to
facilitate a drug trafficking offense. The indictment was superseded in May
2014, to add a new charge against defendant George Roybal, 53, of Albuquerque,
alleging that he threatened an FBI informant to prevent the informant from
testifying at the trial of this case which was then scheduled to begin on May
19, 2014. It was superseded again in Sept. 2014, to add two new charges against
defendant Kenneth Ulibarri, 36, of Albuquerque. The new charges alleged that
Ulibarri attempted to murder an FBI informant to prevent that informant from
testifying at the trial of this case which was then scheduled to begin on Nov.
10, 2014, and also charged Ulibarri with distributing heroin in Bernalillo
County, N.M., in May 2014.

During today's proceedings, Eckstein pled guilty to a money laundering charge in
the second superseding indictment. In entering his guilty plea, Eckstein
admitted that between Nov. 2011 and Dec. 2012, he received a large sum of cash
from an undercover agent as part of a sting operation. Eckstein further admitted
that he should have known that undercover agent was holding himself out to be a
drug dealer and that the cash he provided to Eckstein were drug proceeds.
Eckstein admitted paying money back to the undercover agent with checks made
payable to fictitious companies for work that was never performed. Two of the
defendants charged in this case have entered not guilty pleas and are pending
trial. Charges in indictments are merely accusations and criminal defendants are
presumed innocent unless proven guilty beyond a reasonable doubt.

This case was investigated by the FBI, IRS Criminal Investigation and the
Albuquerque Police Department, with assistance from the DEA, the HIDTA Region I
Narcotics Task Force and the Bernalillo County Sheriff's Office, and is being
prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorneys Joel R. Meyers and Shana B. Long.
Assistant U.S. Attorney Stephen R. Kotz is responsible for litigating the
related civil asset forfeiture actions.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              550 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                            January 5, 2016 Tuesday

Ukrainian National Extradited from Poland to Face Charges Related to $10 Million
Cyber Money Laundering Operation

LENGTH: 479  words


A Ukrainian national made his initial appearance today in federal court in
Charlotte, North Carolina, after being extradited from Poland to face charges
relating to a $10 million international money laundering operation, announced
Assistant Attorney General Leslie R. Caldwell of the Justice Departments
Criminal Division, U.S. Attorney Jill Westmoreland Rose of the Western District
of North Carolina and Special Agent in Charge John A. Strong of the FBIs
Charlotte Division.

Viktor Chostak, 34, of Ukraine, along with three other individuals, are charged
in a 25-count indictment with conspiracy to commit money laundering, eleven
counts of money laundering, conspiracy to commit computer fraud, conspiracy to
transport stolen property, conspiracy to commit access device fraud, four counts
of transporting stolen property and six counts of aggravated identity theft.

According to a redacted version of the indictment unsealed today, beginning in
September 2007, Chostak and three other conspirators were members of an
international money laundering organization.  The organization created and
operated a sophisticated online infrastructure that allowed hackers to obtain
and conceal stolen money, primarily from U.S. companies bank accounts, and
transfer it to countries outside the United States.  The organization created
seemingly legitimate websites for fake companies, then sent spam emails
advertising employment opportunities.  When an individual responded to the spam
solicitations, the organization put the applicant through what appeared to be a
legitimate hiring process.  The organization falsely represented that the
individuals job was to receive payments from businesses into their personal bank
accounts, withdraw the money, then wire the funds to the companys partners
overseas.  In reality, the individuals merely acted as money mules, processing
hackers stolen proceeds and wiring them out of the country to other
conspirators.  The organization allegedly laundered at least $10 million in
stolen money from the United States overseas.

According to the indictment, Chostak recruited, hired and managed others who
oversaw the money mule operations.  Chostak also allegedly worked with computer
programmers to meet the needs of the organizations online infrastructure.

An indictment is merely an allegation and the defendants are presumed innocent
unless and until proven guilty beyond a reasonable doubt in a court of law.

The case is being investigated by the FBIs Charlotte Division.  The Criminal
Divisions Office of International Affairs also provided assistance.  The case is
being prosecuted by Trial Attorneys Jocelyn Aqua and Ryan K. Dickey of the
Criminal Divisions Computer Crime and Intellectual Property Section, and
Assistant U.S. Attorney Kevin Zolot of the Western District of North Carolina.

Chostak et al Indictment 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: January 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              551 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                          December 30, 2015 Wednesday

Ukrainian National Extradited from Poland to Face Charges Related to $10 Million
Cyber Money Laundering Operation

LENGTH: 479  words


A Ukrainian national made his initial appearance today in federal court in
Charlotte, North Carolina, after being extradited from Poland to face charges
relating to a $10 million international money laundering operation, announced
Assistant Attorney General Leslie R. Caldwell of the Justice Departments
Criminal Division, U.S. Attorney Jill Westmoreland Rose of the Western District
of North Carolina and Special Agent in Charge John A. Strong of the FBIs
Charlotte Division.

Viktor Chostak, 34, of Ukraine, along with three other individuals, are charged
in a 25-count indictment with conspiracy to commit money laundering, eleven
counts of money laundering, conspiracy to commit computer fraud, conspiracy to
transport stolen property, conspiracy to commit access device fraud, four counts
of transporting stolen property and six counts of aggravated identity theft.

According to a redacted version of the indictment unsealed today, beginning in
September 2007, Chostak and three other conspirators were members of an
international money laundering organization.  The organization created and
operated a sophisticated online infrastructure that allowed hackers to obtain
and conceal stolen money, primarily from U.S. companies bank accounts, and
transfer it to countries outside the United States.  The organization created
seemingly legitimate websites for fake companies, then sent spam emails
advertising employment opportunities.  When an individual responded to the spam
solicitations, the organization put the applicant through what appeared to be a
legitimate hiring process.  The organization falsely represented that the
individuals job was to receive payments from businesses into their personal bank
accounts, withdraw the money, then wire the funds to the companys partners
overseas.  In reality, the individuals merely acted as money mules, processing
hackers stolen proceeds and wiring them out of the country to other
conspirators.  The organization allegedly laundered at least $10 million in
stolen money from the United States overseas.

According to the indictment, Chostak recruited, hired and managed others who
oversaw the money mule operations.  Chostak also allegedly worked with computer
programmers to meet the needs of the organizations online infrastructure.

An indictment is merely an allegation and the defendants are presumed innocent
unless and until proven guilty beyond a reasonable doubt in a court of law.

The case is being investigated by the FBIs Charlotte Division.  The Criminal
Divisions Office of International Affairs also provided assistance.  The case is
being prosecuted by Trial Attorneys Jocelyn Aqua and Ryan K. Dickey of the
Criminal Divisions Computer Crime and Intellectual Property Section, and
Assistant U.S. Attorney Kevin Zolot of the Western District of North Carolina.

Chostak et al Indictment 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: December 31, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              552 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 1, 2014 Monday

Hawaii: Former Ohio Deputy Treasurer and Friend Sentenced for Roles in Bribery
and Money Laundering Scheme

LENGTH: 461  words

DATELINE: Honolulu


Department of Justice, The State of Hawaii has issued the following news
release:

Ohio's former deputy treasurer and a Chicago businessman were sentenced to
federal prison today for their roles in a bribery and money laundering scheme
involving the Ohio Treasurer's Office.

Assistant Attorney General Leslie R. Caldwell of the Justice Department's
Criminal Division, First Assistant U.S. Attorney Mark T. D'Alessandro of the
Southern District of Ohio, Acting Special Agent in Charge John A. Barrios of the
FBI's Cincinnati Division and Attorney General Mike DeWine of Ohio made the
announcement.

Amer Ahmad, 40, and Joseph Chiavaroli, 34, both of Chicago, were sentenced today
by U.S. District Judge Michael H. Watson of the Southern District of Ohio to
serve 15 years in prison and 18 months in prison, respectively.  Ahmad was
ordered to forfeit $3.2 million, and Chiavroli was ordered to forfeit $400,000.
Last year, Ahmad pleaded guilty to federal program bribery and conspiracy to
commit honest services wire fraud, federal program bribery and money laundering,
and Chiavaroli pleaded guilty to money laundering.  Following his guilty plea,
former Deputy Treasurer Ahmad fled to Pakistan and was sentenced today in
absentia.  He is currently in Pakistani custody pending an extradition request
from the United States government.

According to the defendants' admissions in connection with their guilty pleas,
from January 2009 through January 2011, Ahmad used his position as deputy
treasurer to direct official state of Ohio business to securities broker Douglas
E. Hampton in return for bribes.  Ahmad and Chiavaroli concealed the payments
received from Hampton by passing them through the accounts of their landscaping
business.  Hampton also funneled more than $123,000 to Mohammed Noure Alo, an
attorney and lobbyist who was Ahmad's close personal friend and business
associate.  Over the course of the scheme, Hampton paid in excess of $500,000 in
bribes and received, in exchange, approximately $3.2 million in commissions for
360 securities trades on behalf of the Ohio Treasurer's Office.

Hampton and Alo were sentenced on Nov. 12, 2014, and Nov. 13, 2014, to 45 months
in prison and 48 months in prison, respectively, for their roles in the scheme.

The case was investigated by the FBI's Central Ohio Public Corruption Task
Force, which includes special agents from the FBI and the Ohio Bureau of
Criminal Investigation.  The case is being prosecuted by Trial Attorneys Eric L.
Gibson and Menaka Kalaskar of the Criminal Division's Public Integrity Section
and Assistant U.S. Attorney Douglas W. Squires of the Southern District of Ohio.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              553 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The New Zealand Herald

                              July 3, 2009 Friday

NZ man hunted for $6m bond scam

SECTION: NEWS; General

LENGTH: 451 words


A New Zealander wanted for his role in an international money-laundering and
investment scam that cheated hundreds of investors in this country and overseas
is believed to be hiding in the Middle East.

Wayne Leslie Davidson, 63, was the New Zealand connection in a US-based,
four-man money-laundering and investment fraud involving the sale of bogus
railroad bonds and "obscure" pre-revolution Chinese Government bonds, United
States prosecutors say.

The scam ran for about five years to 2003, catching 400 New Zealanders, 50
Australians and 25 Americans.

Losses to investors totalled $4US million ($6.2 million).

Davidson is the only remaining fugitive after two accomplices - Steven Fishman,
59, of California, and Joseph Thornburgh, 61, of Oklahoma - were convicted in
Oklahoma last week.

A fourth accused - Robert Searles, 71, of Tennessee - pleaded guilty to
conspiracy to commit money-laundering in April.

Investors - many described by prosecutors as "sheepfarmers in New Zealand" -
were told the bonds were risk-free and had astronomical values.

The railroad bonds were claimed to be backed by the US Government and rail
company Amtrak, and included bonds issued by the Galveston, Houston, and
Henderson Railroad - which raised funds to start building tracks in 1853. The
company folded in the 1870s.

The men claimed the bonds could be used to obtain lines of credit from European
banks, which could then be used in high-yield investment programmes to reap
millions of dollars. The bonds were in fact worth no more than their value as
collectors' items.

Victims had invested amounts ranging from $1500 to $15000, though many invested
far more, Charles McLoughlin of the US Attorney's Office in Tulsa, Oklahoma,
told the Herald yesterday.

Davidson was "running around the [New Zealand] countryside having meetings with
individual farmers" allegedly telling them he could solve their financial
problems "in short order", Mr McLoughlin said.

Davidson is now believed to be hiding in Dubai after leading US investigators on
a chase through Spain, Britain, Belgium and Nigeria.

"He has been hopscotching. I think he left New Zealand towards the end of 2002,"
Mr McLoughlin said.

"He went to Hong Kong ... he caused some trouble there.

"He has basically been on the run since 2002."

US authorities were "actively trying to pursue" Davidson.

Arrest warrants and Interpol "red notices" had been issued and embassy-based FBI
agents were keeping an eye out for him, Mr McLoughlin said.

"We are going to pursue Mr Davidson and bring him to justice."

He believed the charges, if proven, could see the former Wanganui bankrupt
imprisoned for up to 20 years.

Davidson's co-accused are due to be sentenced in the next couple of months.

LOAD-DATE: July 2, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2009 The New Zealand Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              554 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                            November 9, 2010 Tuesday

DeLay lawyer: Charges due to bias

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 631 words


Tuesday November 9, 2010

AUSTIN, Texas (AP) -- Attorneys for Tom DeLay suggested to jurors Monday that a
money laundering case against the former U.S. House majority leader was the
result of a prejudice against corporate donations held by the former prosecutor
who originally brought the charges.

The debate over corporate donations came up as prosecutors questioned former
lobbyists for several corporations, including Sears, Roebuck and Co. and Bacardi
USA Inc., about money their companies gave to DeLay's Texas-based political
action committee.

Prosecutors allege DeLay used the PAC to illegally funnel $190,000 in corporate
funds into Texas legislative races eight years ago. Under Texas law, corporate
money can't go directly to political campaigns.

DeLay, who denies wrongdoing, is charged with money laundering and conspiracy to
commit money laundering. The former Houston-area congressman faces up to life in
prison if convicted.

Penny Cate, a former lobbyist for Sears, told jurors the company made a $25,000
donation to DeLay's PAC in June 2002.

Sears and Bacardi were two of eight companies charged in 2004 with making
illegal donations to the PAC. Charges against Sears were dropped after it agreed
to make donations to a University of Texas program studying corporations and
politics. The case against Bacardi is pending.

Dick DeGuerin, DeLay's lead attorney, told jurors the agreement that settled
Sears' charges included language put in by former Travis County District
Attorney Ronnie Earle, who brought the original case but has since retired, that
called corporate donations "a threat to democracy." DeGuerin has repeatedly told
jurors corporate donations are a legal part of politics but that no corporate
money was sent to Texas candidates.

"Mr. Earle's philosophy is corporate money in elections is dangerous to
democracy," DeGuerin said.

DeLay's attorneys have said the charges against the Republican DeLay were
politically motivated by Earle, a Democrat. Prosecutors deny that.

Cate told jurors she didn't believe the donations made by Sears were illegal and
that in her home state of Illinois, corporate donations can be given to
candidates.

"Is the state of Texas allowed to makes its own laws with regard to what is
lawful or unlawful in corporate candidate contributions?" prosecutor Holly
Taylor asked Cate.

"Yes," she replied.

Testimony was to resume Tuesday, with prosecutors continuing to question Susan
Lilly, a former fundraiser for DeLay's PAC.

Prosecutors allege DeLay and two associates -- John Colyandro and Jim Ellis --
illegally channeled the corporate donations collected by DeLay's Texas PAC
through the Washington-based Republican National Committee.

Prosecutors say the money helped Republicans take control of the Texas House in
2002. That majority allowed the GOP to push through a Delay-engineered
congressional redistricting plan that sent more Texas Republicans to Congress in
2004 and strengthened DeLay's political power, prosecutors said.

DeLay has been pressing for a trial since he was indicted five years ago, but
the case was slowed by appeals. His defense team tried moving the trial out of
Austin -- the most Democratic city in one of the most Republican states.

The criminal charges in Texas, as well as a separate federal investigation of
DeLay's ties to disgraced former lobbyist Jack Abramoff, ended his 22-year
political career representing suburban Houston. The Justice Department probe
into DeLay's ties to Abramoff ended without any charges filed against DeLay.

Ellis and Colyandro, who face lesser charges, will be tried later.

DeLay, whose nickname was "the Hammer" for his heavy-handed style, now runs a
consulting firm based in the Houston suburb of Sugar Land. In 2009, he appeared
on ABC's hit television show "Dancing With the Stars."

LOAD-DATE: November 9, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2010 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              555 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         The Age (Melbourne, Australia)

                            August 8, 1992 Saturday
                                  Late Edition

Extradition bid in $77m drug case

BYLINE: Gareth Boreham

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 212 words


The National Crime Authority yesterday sought the extradition of a 54-year-old
man from the United States after he was charged over an alleged $77 million
racket involving drug importation and money laundering.

The FBI arrested Fabio Benjamin Garcia, 54, in Los Angeles after raids on his
home in Alameda, California, and simultaneous raids on offices in Sydney.

Mr Garcia, who once lived in Sydney, is charged with money-laundering offences
and conspiring with others to launder part of the proceeds of a 10-tonne
importation of hashish into Australia in 1989.

An NCA spokeswoman, Ms Barbara Sharp, said the arrest followed one of the
biggest investigations into money laundering ever undertaken in Australia. The
NCA and the Australian Federal Police have been investigating the money-
laundering network since the hashish arrived in Australia in 1989.

The investigation has involved cooperation with authorities in the US, Cananda,
Britain, France, Hong Kong, Pakistan, the United Arab Emirates, the Netherlands,
Switzerland, Vanuatu and Singapore.

Federal police have arrested four people in Sydney over the drug importation. An
NCA investigator is waiting for the extradition application to be approved in
Los Angeles before bringing Mr Garcia back to Australia to face charges.

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 1992 The Age Company Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              556 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   September 24, 1999, Friday, Final Edition

Tougher Rules Sought On Money Laundering; Reporting Would Go Beyond Banks

Kathleen Day, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. E03

LENGTH: 642 words



The Clinton administration will propose rules to require casinos, brokerage
firms and even storefront check cashiers to report suspicious money transactions
to the federal government, just as banks are required to do, federal officials
said yesterday.

The announcement was part of a new get-tough policy on money laundering unveiled
yesterday by Treasury Secretary Lawrence H. Summers and Attorney General Janet
Reno. In addition to new regulation, the policy calls for new legislation to
bolster existing money-laundering laws by expanding the list of foreign crimes
U.S. officials could cite in bringing money-laundering charges.

The administration's new push on money laundering comes amid criticism from
members of Congress this week that the White House has been lax on money
laundering and other financial crime, and in the wake of publicity surrounding a
yearlong federal probe into whether at least $ 7.5 billion that passed through
the Bank of New York and other U.S. financial institutions was linked to Russia
capital flight or organized crime.

Money laundering refers to the complex process of transferring illegally
obtained funds among financial institutions to hide the money's origin and
ownership.

Congress directed the White House to come up with a new money-laundering policy
last year.

The new policy was supposed to have been presented to Congress by Feb. 1, and
some lawmakers have questioned the timing of the White House announcement.
Treasury officials defended the timing, however, saying that the Bank of New
York probe had nothing to do with when they made the announcement and that the
administration preferred to be late in delivering it rather than rush out with
an incomplete plan.

The administration also will propose legislation that would add violent crime,
fraud against a foreign government, and any misuse of foreign aid to the list of
foreign crimes that U.S. officials can cite to bring money-laundering charges.
Under current law, the list of foreign crimes that can lead to U.S. money-
laundering charges includes only drug dealing, murder, kidnapping and some
fraud.

A similar provision was included in a broader money-laundering bill advanced
earlier this week by House Banking Chairman Jim Leach (R-Iowa).

About $ 300 billion in laundered money is estimated to pass through U.S. banks
each year, and many banks and other financial institutions make millions of
dollars in fees processing that money. But Summers disagreed with any suggestion
that a successful crackdown on money laundering could seriously disrupt the U.S.
economy.

"With everything happening in our economy, there are plenty of opportunities for
financial institutions to make money doing honest business," he said.

Skeptics about the government's resolve remain, however. "The issue of money
laundering has been staring us in the face for a long time and unfortunately
everyone's been sitting on their hands," said Sen. Charles E. Schumer (D-N.Y.),
who plans to introduce a bill in the Senate. "It's taken the explosion at the
Bank of New York to shake things up and my worry is that we won't really do
anything after this."

Dan Michaelis of the Securities Industry Association said brokerage firms want
to see details of the proposed regulations on brokers before commenting. But he
said they will want to make sure that any new rules don't impinge on privacy or
inhibit legitimate business transactions.

Summers also said he will work with the other major industrial countries to
foster international cooperation in investigating money laundering and that U.S.
banking regulators also will be looking for ways to strengthen current
regulations.

Attorney General Janet Reno, Treasury Secretary Lawrence H. Summers and Sen.
Charles E. Grassley (R-Iowa) unveil proposed rules on money laundering.

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1999 The Washington Post


                              557 of 999 DOCUMENTS


             National Post's Financial Post & FP Investing (Canada)

                             May 18, 2013 Saturday
                                National Edition

Tighten money scrutiny, Fed tells BMO; Chicago branch

BYLINE: Emily Flitter, Reuters

SECTION: FINANCIAL POST; Pg. FP5

LENGTH: 490 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


NEW YORK .The U.S. Federal Reserve Board said Friday it has told the Bank of
Montreal to step up efforts to detect and prevent money laundering at the
Canadian bank's Chicago branch.

The warning puts Bank of Montreal in a growing category of financial
institutions under pressure to do a better job of adhering to strict U.S.
requirements for identifying potentially illegal activity by their customers.

The Fed entered into a written agreement requiring Bank of Montreal to
strengthen its compliance after a recent inspection by the central bank's
examiners found deficiencies in Bank of Montreal's anti-money laundering
program.

A spokeswoman for the Fed declined to describe the problems it found, saying its
policy prohibits discussion of specific institutions.

"Our remediation activities are well underway," said BMO spokesman Paul Dee-gan.
"BMO is fully committed to the highest standards of regulatory compliance with
Bank Secrecy Act/Anti-Money Laundering requirements and expectations in each of
the jurisdictions in which we operate."

The agreement said the Fed found Bank of Montreal's Chicago branch "lacked
effective systems of governance and internal controls to adequately oversee the
activities of Bank of Montreal's U.S. operations with respect to legal,
compliance and reputational risks."

Banks operating in the United States, whether they are American or foreign, must
closely monitor customer activity for signs of money laundering or other illegal
acts. They must report unusual behaviour in the form of "suspicious activity
reports" to the U.S. Treasury Department.

The Treasury uses the reports - sharing them with the Federal Bureau of
Investigation and other law enforcement agencies - to help track down criminals
and terrorists.

The U.S. Treasury is building a system to more broadly share the banks' reports
with U.S. spy agencies as well.

The anti-money laundering rules were first defined by the Bank Secrecy Act and
later strengthened by the USA Patriot Act after the attacks of Sept. 11, 2001.

Scrutiny of these programs may get tougher this year, according to an April 5
note by Fitch.

Citing heavy fines the U.S. levied against HSBC and Standard Chartered for
lapses in anti-money laundering controls last year, Fitch analysts predicted
banks could spend more this year on anti-money laundering compliance.

"For customers of affected banks, tougher AML scrutiny will likely lead to
longer transaction times, increased documentation requirements and potentially
higher fees," the analysts wrote.

JPMorgan Chase & Co and Citigroup have also run into trouble recently with
anti-money laundering requirements. JPMorgan is under fire from another
regulator, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, which expected to
issue a "cease-and-desist" order - a more serious citation than the Fed's
warning to Bank of Montreal - in the coming months.

The Fed told Citi in March to improve its money-laundering monitoring program.

LOAD-DATE: May 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Paul Taggart, Bloomberg; Heavy fines in the U.S. were levied against
HSBC last year for lapses in anti-money laundering controls.;

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2013 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              558 of 999 DOCUMENTS


             National Post's Financial Post & FP Investing (Canada)

                             May 18, 2013 Saturday
                            All but Toronto Edition

BMO told to tighten money scrutiny; Chicago branch

BYLINE: Emily Flitter, Reuters

SECTION: FINANCIAL POST; Pg. FP5

LENGTH: 491 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


NEW YORK - The U.S. Federal Reserve Board said Friday it has told the Bank of
Montreal to step up efforts to detect and prevent money laundering at the
Canadian bank's Chicago branch.

The warning puts Bank of Montreal in a growing category of financial
institutions under pressure to do a better job of adhering to strict U.S.
requirements for identifying potentially illegal activity by their customers.

The Fed entered into a written agreement requiring Bank of Montreal to
strengthen its compliance after a recent inspection by the central bank's
examiners found deficiencies in Bank of Montreal's antimoney laundering program.

A spokeswoman for the Fed declined to describe the problems it found, saying its
policy prohibits discussion of specific institutions.

"Our remediation activities are well underway," said BMO spokesman Paul Deegan.
"BMO is fully committed to the highest standards of regulatory compliance with
Bank Secrecy Act/Anti-Money Laundering requirements and expectations in each of
the jurisdictions in which we operate."

The agreement said the Fed found Bank of Montreal's Chicago branch "lacked
effective systems of governance and internal controls to adequately oversee the
activities of Bank of Montreal's U.S. operations with respect to legal,
compliance and reputational risks."

Banks operating in the United States, whether they are American or foreign, must
closely monitor customer activity for signs of money laundering or other illegal
acts. They must report unusual behaviour in the form of "suspicious activity
reports" to the U.S. Treasury Department.

The Treasury uses the reports -- sharing them with the Federal Bureau of
Investigation and other law enforcement agencies -- to help track down criminals
and terrorists.

The U.S. Treasury is building a system to more broadly share the banks' reports
with U.S. spy agencies as well.

The anti-money laundering rules were first defined by the Bank Secrecy Act and
later strengthened by the USA Patriot Act after the attacks of Sept. 11, 2001.

Scrutiny of these programs may get tougher this year, according to an April 5
note by Fitch.

Citing heavy fines the U.S. levied against HSBC and Standard Chartered for
lapses in anti-money laundering controls last year, Fitch analysts predicted
banks could spend more this year on anti-money laundering compliance.

"For customers of affected banks, tougher AML scrutiny will likely lead to
longer transaction times, increased documentation requirements and potentially
higher fees," the analysts wrote.

JPMorgan Chase & Co and Citigroup have also run into trouble recently with
antimoney laundering requirements. JPMorgan is under fire from another
regulator, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, which expected to
issue a "cease-and-desist" order -- a more serious citation than the Fed's
warning to Bank of Montreal -- in the coming months.

The Fed told Citi in March to improve its money-laundering monitoring program.

LOAD-DATE: May 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Black & White
Photo: Paul Taggart, Bloomberg; Heavy fines  in the U.S. were levied against
HSBC last year for lapses in  anti-money laundering controls.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2013 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              559 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 24, 2016 Thursday

Mexican Businessman Sentenced to Federal Prison for Role in Los Zetas Money
Laundering Scheme and Bribery

LENGTH: 737  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Office for the United States Attorneys, Western District of Texas has issued
the following news release:



  In Austin, 55-year-old Veracruz, Mexico businessman Francisco Antonio
Colorado-Cessa (aka "Pancho"), was sentenced to 20 years in federal prison for
laundering Los Zetas drug proceeds and attempting to bribe a federal judge
announced United States Attorney Richard L. Durbin, Jr., FBI Special Agent in
Charge Christopher Combs and Internal Revenue Service Criminal Investigation
Special Agent in Charge William Cotter.





 In addition to the prison term, U.S. District Judge Donald E. Walter ordered
that Colorado-Cessa forfeit to the U.S. Government $60 million in U.S. Currency
and property--proceeds seized by authorities involved in the money laundering
scheme--including two planes and five bank accounts.



 In December 2015, a federal jury in Austin convicted Colorado-Cessa, the owner
of ADT Petroservicios, an oil services company in Mexico doing business with the
Mexican National Oil Company PEMEX, of one count of conspiracy to commit money
laundering.  The conspiracy charge centered on a scheme to launder millions of
dollars in Los Zetas drug distribution proceeds through purchasing, training,
breeding and racing American quarter horses in the United States.  Testimony
during that trial revealed a shell game by Colorado Cessa, a close associate of
the Zetas drug cartel's top leaders including Miguel Angel Trevino Morales (aka
"Z-40"), Oscar Omar Trevino Morales (aka "Z-42"), and others involving straw
purchasers and transactions worth millions of dollars in New Mexico, Oklahoma,
California and Texas to disguise the source of the drug money and make the
proceeds from the sale of quarter horses or their race winnings appear
legitimate.



 Over 400 quarter horses seized by federal authorities in June 2012 as part of
the above mentioned money laundering operation have been sold for approximately
$12 million.  One of the seized horses, Tempting Dash, winner of the Dash for
Cash at Lone Star Park race track in Grand Prairie, TX, in October 2009, sold at
an auction for a record $1.7 million in November 2013.



 In January 2016, a separate federal jury found Colorado-Cessa guilty of one
count of conspiracy to bribe a public official and one substantive count of
bribery, by offer or promise, of a public official.  Evidence during trial
revealed that Colorado-Cessa and others conspired in 2013 to pay a $1.2 million
bribe to a federal judge in order to secure a reduced sentence for
Colorado-Cessa in the above-mentioned money laundering case.  According to court
records, at no time before or during this investigation was the federal judge
involved in the alleged criminal activity.



 "Today's resentencing of Francisco Colorado-Cessa to 20 years in prison is
confirmation that the American public is steadfast in their conviction that he
was properly found guilty of money laundering and bribery the first time," said
IRS Criminal Investigation Special Agent in Charge William Cotter, San Antonio
Field Office. "Even with a second trial, the jury quickly came to the same
conclusion - guilty. IRS Criminal Investigation was proud to be part of the law
enforcement team that brought this criminal to justice."



 "The sentence handed down today ends years of litigation, and imposes
significant punishment upon the defendant.  The FBI appreciates the hard work
and dedication of all the prosecutors and agents who have handled this important
case, which demonstrates our collective commitment to protect the United States
from the violence and corruption associated with Mexican drug cartels," stated
FBI Special Agent in Charge Christopher Combs, San Antonio Division.



 This investigation was conducted by agents with the Federal Bureau of
Investigation, Internal Revenue Service-Criminal Investigation and the Drug
Enforcement Administration with assistance from the United States Marshals
Service, Immigration and Customs Enforcement Homeland Security Investigations
(ICE-HSI) and U.S. Border Patrol.  Other judicial districts involved in this
matter include the Western District of Oklahoma, Central District of California,
Southern District of Texas, District of New Mexico and the U.S. Department of
Treasury's Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC).



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              560 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Columbian (Vancouver, Washington)

                           November 8, 2008 Saturday

Police report: Vancouver man jailed, suspected of laundering money

BYLINE: STEPHANIE RICE, Craig Brown and JOHN BRANTON Columbian staff writers;
JIM FLAHERTY, Vancouver Fire Department

SECTION: CLARK COUNTY; Pg. C3

LENGTH: 681 words



HIGHLIGHT: A C-Tran bus sits parked Friday after being rearended by a Ford
Taurus on East 18th Street near Fort Vancouver High School. The woman who drove
the Ford was taken to a hospital.



A traffic stop of a Vancouver man who had $268,200 in his car in Oregon last
weekend has blossomed into a multiagency, two-state investigation of money
laundering -- with more cash already seized and more arrests expected, police
say
Jose Lucio Lucatero-Mendoza, 33, of Vancouver was driving a 2001 Honda Accord
south on Interstate 5 near Roseburg, Ore., about 1:15 a.m. Sunday when a
trooper pulled him over, according to a bulletin from the Oregon State Police.


Police said they found well over a quarter-million dollars in the car. Troopers
took Lucatero-Mendoza to the Douglas County Jail on suspicion of money-
laundering, a felony, the bulletin said.
Since then, police said, the investigation has led to a home and bank account
in the Vancouver area. Officials said they've seized another $99,000 and a 2005
Toyota Tacoma pickup allegedly involved in money laundering, the bulletin said.
Friday night, Lt. Gregg Hastings with the OSP declined to reveal the address of
the Vancouver home -- or to say whether the money laundering is believed to
spring from drug sales or some other crime.
Hastings said it's an ongoing investigation by the OSP, Portland Police Bureau,
Clark County Sheriff's Office, Vancouver Police Department, federal Immigration
and Customs Enforcement and the High Intensity Drug Trafficking Area task
force.
The seizure of more than $350,000 in cash is the OSP's largest since February
2006, when troopers confiscated about $471,000 that was believed to be
crime-related, the bulletin said.
More arrests are planned in the greater Portland/Vancouver metro area, the
bulletin said.
Stevenson man dies in one-SUV crash, fire
A 52-year-old Stevenson man died early Friday morning after his sport utility
vehicle went off the road about eight miles east of Washougal, rolled and
caught fire.
Brian Hall was found dead at 1:30 a.m. outside the 1996 Toyota 4Runner,
according to a Washington State Patrol bulletin.
Hall was driving east on Highway 14 near Milepost 26, the bulletin said, going
too fast, and crossed the center line on a curve. The SUV crossed the lane and
went off the road, coming to rest on its top. It then caught fire.
Troopers and emergency personnel responded. Emergency equipment blocked a lane
for about four hours.
Trick or treat us to marijuana
A Vancouver man faces charges in connection with a Halloween night attempted
burglary and assault of a medical marijuana provider in Grant County, Ore.
Danny Bruce Evans, 53, was arrested Nov. 4 in Vancouver and booked into the
Clark County Jail on a probation violation. He remains in jail on a warrant
from Grant County, according to a news release from the Oregon State Police.
Evans previously lived in the Pendleton, Ore., area and knows two other
suspects: Bobby Lee Ruston, 31, from Pendleton and Lance Sanchez, 28, of
Milton-Freewater, Ore.
Both of those men are in custody.
According to the Oregon State Police, a medical marijuana provider initially
thought the two masked men who showed up at his door on Halloween were pulling
a prank, but then one of the men allegedly pulled a gun.
The gunman and the victim scuffled and the gun went off, but nobody was hit.
The victim was beaten, however. Police believe the attackers had planned to
steal the victim's supply of medical marijuana.
Grant County is in east-central Oregon.
Car runs into back of stopped C-Tran bus
A 77-year-old woman suffered injuries to her head and neck Friday afternoon
when the car she was driving crashed into the back of a C-Tran bus.
The crash occurred at 4:07 p.m. at a bus stop on 18th Street just east of
Northeast 65th Avenue, said Jim Flaherty, firefighter-spokesman for the
Vancouver Fire Department.
Flaherty said the bus was stopped when it was rear-ended by a Ford Taurus.
None of the seven people on the bus was injured. The woman driving the Taurus
was transported to a hospital.
Police declined to give her name Friday night, but said they didn't believe her
to be seriously injured.
A dachshund dog was in the car, Flaherty said. It was to be impounded by animal
control for safekeeping.
Vancouver police are investigating.

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 The Columbian Publishing Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              561 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The International Herald Tribune

                            August 29, 2013 Thursday

Casino settles laundering case;
Las Vegas Sands agrees to $47 million payment to prevent prosecution

BYLINE: MICHAEL LUO

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 454 words

ABSTRACT

Las Vegas Sands, the casino company, has agreed to pay the U.S. government more
than $47 million to resolve a money-laundering investigation.

FULL TEXT

Las Vegas Sands, the casino company controlled by Sheldon G. Adelson, a major
Republican donor, has agreed to pay the U.S. government more than $47 million to
resolve a money-laundering investigation that cast an unwanted glare on Mr.
Adelson and his gambling empire during the presidential campaign last year.

The agreement with the U.S. attorney's office in Los Angeles, announced on
Tuesday, means that the Sands will not be prosecuted in the case. It ends one of
two federal inquiries that came into public view last year when Mr. Adelson was
becoming the biggest single political donor in history, donating tens of
millions of dollars in support of several Republican presidential candidates.

The money-laundering investigation was reported last year by The Wall Street
Journal. A separate federal investigation examining whether the company violated
federal laws against bribing foreign officials with its business activities in
China, where it owns three casinos in Macau, the world's biggest casino market,
is continuing.

The money that the Sands agreed to pay the U.S. government represents the amount
it received from Zhenli Ye Gon, a Chinese businessman with a pharmaceutical
company in Mexico who was at the time the biggest all-cash gambler in the
history of the Venetian, the Sands' flagship casino resort in Las Vegas.

Mr. Ye Gon was indicted in 2007 on federal drug charges. Those charges were
dismissed, but he has remained in federal custody pending an extradition request
by Mexico, where prosecutors are seeking to pursue drug charges against him.

The agreement with the Sands lays out a list of failures by the company's
compliance personnel to vet Mr. Ye Gon and the source of his money after he
transferred tens of millions of dollars to the Sands between 2005 and 2007 from
multiple currency exchange houses in Mexico, according to federal prosecutors.
Mr. Ye Gon even told casino employees that he preferred to wire the cash in
smaller installments ''because he did not want the government to know about
these transfers,'' the agreement said.

The Sands acknowledged in the agreement that while it believed it had been
complying with federal laws, the company failed to ''fully appreciate the
suspicious nature of the information'' coming from Mr. Ye Gon and should have
done more to alert the authorities about him.

Federal prosecutors cited the Sands' ''voluntary and complete disclosure'' of
its activities involving Mr. Ye Gon, as well as the company's ''extensive''
cooperation in the investigation, as the basis for the agreement not to
prosecute.

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2013 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              562 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                           October 17, 1991, Thursday

FOCUS: U.S. ATTORNEY'S OFFICE; Feds making white-collar crime a priority

BYLINE: By Eunice Tall Baros STAFF WRITERcrime; investigations; politics;
prisons; courts; business; lawsuits

SECTION: STATE NEWS; SECTION F; PAGE 03

LENGTH: 668 words


Seminar here: About 75 lawyers and investigators will discuss such crimes as
money laundering today, but federal prosecutors aren't just talking about it.

The retired schoolteacher waited at her Headland, Ala., home in her best
lavender dress for Ed McMahon to arrive with her $ 50,000 prize from Publisher's
Clearinghouse.

After all, the Internal Revenue Service agent who had called from Atlanta
promised her Mr. McMahon would be there after she wired him her $ 4,000 in
"required tax money" on the prize.

Across the country, elderly people, often living alone, wired their precious
savings to Atlanta, convinced that the upfront tax money was necessary for them
to collect their jackpot.

Twenty-three people were indicted on federal wire-fraud charges linked to the
alleged scheme. All but four have pleaded guilty or have been granted immunity
to testify for the government.

"This case is just one of the many involving those who like to target the
unwary, unwitting and the elderly - those on the edge financially, people
susceptible to fraud," said U.S. Attorney Joe D. Whitley, who is appearing today
at a national seminar on white-collar crime at the Colony Square Hotel.

"White-collar crime," he said, "has become a priority for this office and the
Justice Department."

The seminar, expected to attract about 75 lawyers and investigators, will
feature discussions on money laundering and asset forfeiture, and a luncheon
address by former Attorney General Griffin Bell, now an Atlanta lawyer.; A
bigger part of the job, ex-prosecutor says

"White-collar crime has been a real problem for a long, long time," said lawyer
Michael Abbott, program co-chairman. "The U.S. Attorney's Office finds that
white-collar crime is an increasingly larger percentage of its caseload.

"Money laundering, for example, began to be a serious problem because of illicit
money from narcotics distribution, but it can surface in almost any area of
crime," said Mr. Abbott, former assistant U.S. attorney here in charge of the
white-collar crime section.

In the past year, the federal prosecutor's office has vigorously fought crimes
"that cause direct losses to taxpayers in governmental programs - money
laundering, telemarketing, environmental, computer, consumer and bank fraud,"
said Gerrilyn Brill, first assistant U.S. attorney, who supervises the 57
lawyers in the office. "We are concentrating on cases with greater federal
interest. Our cases are getting bigger and more sophisticated."

Recent major cases included those against Christopher Drogoul, charged with
defrauding the Banca Nazionale del Lavoro by providing billions in unauthorized
financing to Iraq; the First Bank of Georgia in East Point for money-laundering;
and the Georgia-Pacific tax-evasion case, which resulted in a guilty plea by the
corporation.

"Our emphasis is not just on those who are responsible for the wholesale
distribution of illegal drugs . . . but also the investigation and prosecution
of those who are responsible for laundering the proceeds," said lawyer Buddy
Parker of the Organized Crime Drug Enforcement Task Force.

Paul Kish, first assistant federal public defender, said the sophistication of
criminal investigations is getting better on both sides, although he said he
hasn't seen an increase here in white-collar crime prosecution.

"I see a much greater emphasis on throwing everything against the wall and
seeing what sticks," he said.; Four Atlantans to be tried in fraud case

In the Publishers Clearinghouse case, Horace Hall Jr., Ed Lucas, Andre Harris
and Johnny Woods, all of Atlanta, will be tried beginning Nov. 12 on wire-fraud
charges.

"I would like them to stay in jail and see the key thrown away," said Artie
Barnett, 80, a retired concrete finisher from Peachbottom, Pa., who lost money
in the scam.

"They took money I needed," she said. "Never again. The next time I send anyone
any money from a phone call, it will snow blue snow."

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Gerrilyn G. Brill, first assistant U.S. attorney, says fraud
cases are getting more sophisticated. / DWIGHT ROSS JR. / Staff Photo: Joe D.
Whitley, U.S. attorney for North Georgia, says bank fraud prosecution is a
priority. / DIANNE LAAKSO / Staff Chart: White-collar convictions Recent
convictions by the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Northern District of Georgia:
Georgia-Pacific Corp. pleaded guilty this month to tax evasion on its 1984
income tax return, claiming an improper $ 24 million charitable- contribution
deduction. It will pay $ 16 million in back taxes, penalties and interest, plus
a $ 5 million fine. Franklin C. Bart-Addison Jr., 44, of Duluth and Charles T.
Barnes, 48, of Dayton, Ohio, were sentenced last month for participating in a
scheme that defrauded a federally insured bank and other institutions out of
more than $ 850,000. Karen L. Scherm of Atlanta was sentenced this month to one
year in prison, three years on probation and 500 hours of community service
after pleading guilty to defrauding more than a dozen investors through her
former position as a registered representative at Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc.
The U.S. Attorney's Office said the investors lost more than $ 1.9 million from
1986 to 1988. Ms. Scherm also was ordered to pay $ 1.9 million in restitution.
Source: U.S. Attorney's Office

                    Copyright 1991 The Atlanta Constitution


                              563 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Mail Tribune (Medford, Oregon)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           November 4, 2015 Wednesday

Southern Oregon man pleads in multi-state money laundering case

BYLINE: Nick Morgan, Mail Tribune, Medford, Ore.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 445 words


Nov. 04--A Southern Oregon man recently accepted a plea agreement in federal
court for his role in a scheme to launder money from marijuana sold on the East
Coast.

Spencer James Note, 35, pleaded guilty Oct. 26 in Medford United States District
Court in a money-laundering case that involved five defendants and six figures.
As part of the agreement, Note will forfeit $12,750 and receive a reduction in
sentence. A sentencing hearing is scheduled for Feb. 2.

According to the plea agreement, Note opened and maintained bank accounts with
Southern Oregon native Matthew Correa for the purposes of transferring marijuana
proceeds to California. Proceeds from New York and Georgia were deposited into
Note's bank accounts, then Note would withdraw the money from his accounts in
Southern Oregon and give it to Correa, who would then deliver the cash to
Jonathan Robert Quaccia of Humboldt County, California. Amounts were kept under
$10,000 to avoid detection. Note participated in 85 transactions totaling
$651,000, and Note was paid $150 per transaction. Note is forfeiting the $12,750
total he was paid for the 85 transactions.

In addition to Quaccia and Correa, court documents show others named in the
money-laundering indictment include Margaret Kent Correa and Stephanie Michaelle
Ryden.

According to court documents, the federal court still plans to pursue forfeiture
of $100,000 from Quaccia and Correa, Quaccia's 2013 Honda Accord, $8,550 from
Margaret Kent Correa and $6,150 from Stephanie Michaelle Ryden. Quaccia, Ryden
and Matthew Correa have all been summoned for a Nov. 9 informational hearing
regarding Note's plea.

The DEA seized two Northern California properties, one in McKinleyville and the
other in Salyer, allegedly purchased with drug money by Quaccia and Correa for
the purpose of using them as grow sites, according to a Feb. 26, 2015, Mail
Tribune article. Upon questioning at the time, Correa told DEA agents that his
role was to persuade family and friends to open bank accounts in their names
through Bank of America, Chase and Wells Fargo to receive deposits by the
group's East Coast clientele. The marijuana was transported via the U.S. Postal
Service to New York and Georgia, and deposits were made in the bank accounts.

A DEA search warrant issued Jan. 7 yielded 850 marijuana plants and 57 pounds of
dried marijuana at the two California locations and a house in the 200 block of
South Rose Street belonging to Correa's mother.

Reach reporter Nick Morgan at 541-776-4471 or nmorgan@mailtribune.com

___ (c)2015 the Mail Tribune (Medford, Ore.) Visit the Mail Tribune (Medford,
Ore.) at www.mailtribune.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: November 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20151104-ME-Southern-Oregon-man-pleads-in-multi-state-money-laundering
-case-1104-20151104

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ME


                          Copyright 2015 Mail Tribune


                              564 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         The Brownsville Herald (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             March 4, 2014 Tuesday

Woman sentenced in money laundering case

BYLINE: Mark Reagan, The Brownsville Herald, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 400 words


March 04--The first of 10 suspects accused of laundering money for the Gulf
Cartel was sentenced to prison Monday morning.

U.S. District Judge Andrew S. Hanen sentenced Yezenia V. Campos-Silva, 31, of
Brownsville, to seven months in prison for operating an unlicensed money
transmitting business from Nov. 4, 2008, until Dec. 3, 2012.

Campos-Silva deposited $58,800 in Gulf Cartel narcotic proceeds over a
four-month time period, court documents show.

The 21-count indictment unsealed in October 2013 alleges Campos-Silva and nine
other Cameron County residents laundered nearly $2 million in drug proceeds by
opening accounts at the Bank of America in Brownsville and withdrawing cash
deposited into those accounts by unknown individuals in Florida in amounts under
the $10,000 reporting requirement and crossing the cash into Matamoros.

According to court documents, Campos-Silva was just a recruit in the scheme, and
the indictment names the alleged ring leader and recruiters.

"It was part of the conspiracy that defendant Oscar J. Aguilar would recruit
individuals to open bank accounts, which would then be used to move money
through the accounts in an effort to avoid the currency reporting requirements,"
the indictment states. "The money would then be turned over for transportation
into Mexico. The money was narcotics and controlled substances sales proceeds
bound for Matamoros."

Aguilar, 37, who has pleaded not guilty, is accused of first recruiting Yurixi
Guadalupe Vega Martinez, 29, who has also pleaded not guilty, in September 2008
to open a bank account, into which a little more than $400,000 was deposited by
unknown individuals in Florida, according to the indictment.

In April 2012, Vega Martinez allegedly recruited Mayte Ayde Diaz, 39, who has
pleaded guilty to operating an unlicensed money transmitting business, to open
an account, into which more than $500,000 was deposited by unknown individuals
for the same purpose, court documents show.

Another accomplice, Lorena M. Moreno-Martinez has pleaded guilty to operating an
unlicensed money transmitting business.

A total of $1,893,170 in Gulf Cartel drug proceeds was allegedly deposited into
the accounts, court documents show.

mreagan@brownsvilleherald.com

___ (c)2014 The Brownsville Herald (Brownsville, Texas) Visit The Brownsville
Herald (Brownsville, Texas) at www.brownsvilleherald.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: March 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140304-BV-Woman-sentenced-in-money-laundering-case-0304-20140304

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BV


                     Copyright 2014 The Brownsville Herald


                              565 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           October 14, 2006 Saturday
                              Late Edition - Final

Medical Marijuana Advocate Faces New U.S. Indictment

BYLINE: By CAROLYN MARSHALL

SECTION: Section A; Column 5; National Desk; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 384 words

DATELINE: SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 13


A leading medical marijuana advocate who successfully appealed his federal
conviction this year has been indicted on new criminal charges that include tax
evasion and money laundering.

The man, Ed Rosenthal, a well-known spokesman for the movement to legalize
marijuana, was already facing a retrial on federal charges of growing marijuana
for medical use. He is to be arraigned Monday in Federal District Court here on
the new indictment, unsealed late Thursday.

It accuses Mr. Rosenthal, 61, of 14 felony charges that include cultivating
marijuana plants; laundering $1,850, which the government says he got from
selling the plants to medical dispensaries; and tax evasion. His tax returns,
prosecutors said, omitted income from the sale of the plants.

Reached Friday at his home in Oakland, Mr. Rosenthal said he thought the efforts
to prosecute him were part of a campaign to shutter medical marijuana sites in
California and to subvert the state law allowing them.

''They want to shut me up,'' he said. ''They are vindictive. They don't like
anybody beating them, and they will go after you again and again until they wear
you down.''

The state and the federal government have been locked in a legal and cultural
battle over the medicinal merits of marijuana since 1996, when California voters
approved a ballot measure giving seriously ill patients the right to buy and use
the drug with a doctor's prescription.

The Drug Enforcement Agency has been aggressive in investigating medical
marijuana facilities. Last week, the authorities raided and closed five Bay Area
sites, arresting 15 people.

A spokesman for the United States attorney's office, Luke Macaulay, would not
comment on the new indictment, but said, ''Drugs are a priority for the Justice
Department, being that marijuana is illegal under federal law.''

The new charges against Mr. Rosenthal are similar to those in a 2002 federal
indictment. At the time, Mr. Rosenthal worked for the City of Oakland and was
sanctioned under city and state laws to grow marijuana plants and sell them to
dispensaries. He was convicted by a jury, but a federal appeals court overturned
the decision, citing juror misconduct. He was granted a new trial, and
prosecutors were moving forward, but the new federal indictment supersedes the
earlier one.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 The New York Times Company


                              566 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           The Arizona Capitol Times

                            November 5, 2012 Monday

California's Fair Political Practices Commission unveils Arizona group's
financing, says it committed money laundering

BYLINE: Jeremy Duda

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1367  words


California's Fair Political Practices Commission disclosed the source of an $11
million contribution that an Arizona-based group injected into battles over two
ballot measures, and declared that the organization was responsible for campaign
money laundering.

Americans for Responsible Leadership received the money it spent in California
from the Center to Protect Patient Rights, another Arizona-based nonprofit
organization. The group used a separate nonprofit, Americans for Job Security,
as an intermediary to give the money to ARL.

ARL has also spent heavily on two ballot measures in Arizona, contributing
$875,000 to the campaign against Proposition 204 and $600,000 to the campaign
against Proposition 121.

Numerous reports have linked the Center to Protect Patient Rights and other
affiliated groups associated with Arizona political consultant Sean Noble to
Charles and David Koch, who run Wichita, Kan.-based Koch Industries. The
billionaire brothers are high-profile funders of conservative causes across the
United States.   The FPPC did not identify the source of the Center to Protect
Patient Rights' funding.

Gary Winuk, the FPPC's chief enforcement officer, said ARL's money laundering,
as a violation of the California Political Reform Act, could be charged as
either a misdemeanor or as a civil or administrative penalty.  A civil violation
could result in a fine equal to the amount of the contribution, while an
administrative violation could lead to a fine of up to $5,000 per violation.

Winuk would not comment on exactly what action the FPPC would take. FPPC
Chairwoman Ann Ravel said only that, "We are going to pursue this vigorously. "

Michael Bopp, an attorney for ARL, said the group disputed the commission's
determination that it was responsible for campaign money laundering.

"Neither ARL nor CPPR admit any wrongdoing," Bopp said in a letter to the
commission. "Further, ARL and CPPR reserve the right to contest any further
proceedings that related to the contributions discussed in the aforementioned
letters. "

Monday's disclosure identified the source of ARL's money. But the identities of
the Center to Protect Patient Rights' contributors are still secret, as are the
contributors to Americans for Job Security.

And ARL only disclosed the $11 million it gave to the Small Business Action
Committee PAC in California, not the amount of money it has spent in Arizona.
ARL gave to No New Taxes, No on 204, which is fighting against an initiative for
a permanent one-cent sales tax increase, primarily for education funding, and
Save Our Vote, which is campaigning against Proposition 121, an initiative to
create a "top-two" primary system in Arizona.

Ann-Eve Pedersen, chair of the Quality Education and Jobs campaign for Prop.
204, said she was dismayed by the likely involvement of the Koch brothers.   She
questioned why the anti-Prop. 204 group had to rely on out-of-state money for
its campaign.

Though the FPPC did not disclose the source of ARL's contributions to the
Arizona campaigns, Pedersen said she presumed it came from the Center to Protect
Patient Rights and other Koch-tied groups.

"We're very concerned to see the Koch brothers weighing in and trying to buy an
election in Arizona," Pedersen said. "I think that if they want to disclose
where their Arizona money came from, if it was a different source, then they
should feel free to do that. Otherwise, I don't know why we would assume it was
a separate source of funding. "

Pedersen also questioned the claims of Treasurer Doug Ducey and other members of
No New Taxes, No on 204, who have frequently criticized Quality Education and
Jobs as being funded by "special interests. " Their reasoning is that We Build
Arizona, a construction and contractors industry group, has provided hundreds of
thousands of dollars to the yes-on-204 campaign. Prop. 204 includes money for a
state infrastructure fund.

"They were the true special interests, and they were hiding behind that,"
Pedersen said. "How hypocritical and how cynical to try to pin that on us, when
... they knew they were going to bring in dark money from outside of Arizona to
try to buy an election. "

FPPC began looking into ARL in October after it contributed $11 million to the
Small Business Action Committee PAC. The PAC is opposing California's
Proposition 30, a sales and income tax increase aimed at providing more
education funding, and supporting Proposition 32, which would ban automatic
paycheck deductions by labor unions and curb unions' ability to spend in
political campaigns.

ARL's disclosure came after a weeks-long legal battle with the commission over
the source of its money, which culminated with the California Supreme Court
ordering the group to turn its records over to the commission. The commission
demanded the records in accordance with California laws requiring nonprofits to
disclose their contributors if they spend money to influence elections in that
state.

Arizona does not have a similar law regarding campaign contributions from
nonprofit organizations.

Matt Ross, a spokesman for ARL, did not respond to questions about the
possibility of legal action against the group, or whether the Center to Protect
Patient Rights was the source of the money the group spent in Arizona.

"After late night discussions, Americans for Responsible Leadership and the FPPC
reached a settlement.  The Commission has received specific documents it
requested," Ross said in an emailed statement.

The Center to Protect Patient Rights is run by Noble, a political consultant in
Arizona. Records from the Arizona Secretary of State's Office show that No New
Taxes, No on 204 paid Noble's firm, DC London, $12,500 for campaign work in
October.

Numerous reports have linked Noble and a handful of other nonprofits associated
with him with the Koch brothers. The Koch brothers are well known for
contributing millions to conservative causes and organizations, including
Americans for Prosperity.

An October article by Bloomberg News described a "nonprofit daisy chain" of
secret campaign money shuffled around by Noble between the Center to Protect
Patient Rights, Americans for Job Security and several other groups in 2010.
(http://www.bloomberg.com/news/2012-10-15/secret-political-cash-moves-through-no
nprofit-daisy-chain.html)

Noble did not return a message from the Arizona Capitol Times.

Prop. 121 and Prop. 204 aren't the only campaigns ARL has spent money on in
Arizona. In August, around the same time it was funding Save Our Vote's court
challenge to Prop. 121, the group spent about $11,500 on mail pieces to assist
House Speaker Andy Tobin's reelection. It also gave $50,000 to Republican House
Victory and $7,000 to the Republican Victory Fund, independent expenditures used
to support GOP legislative candidates. More recently, ARL spent $10,732 on
mailers opposing Democratic Rep. Eric Meyer and another $801 supporting
Republican Sen. Frank Antenori.

ARL has also spent money to support Republican U.S. Sen. Orrin Hatch and oppose
Democratic Congressman Jim Matheson in Utah, and recently spent about $1.4
million on phone calls opposing President Barack Obama.

The group was founded last year by businessman Robert Graham, a former GOP
gubernatorial candidate who is running for Arizona Republican Party chairman,
along with former Republican congressional candidate Eric Wnuck and businessman
Steven Nickolas.

But while ARL started spending in August in Arizona races, its expenditures were
relatively small until former House Speaker Kirk Adams became ARL's president in
early September. Adams is an ally of Noble, and DC London consulted for Adams'
failed congressional campaign in Arizona's 5th Congressional District.

Adams and Graham could not be reached for comment.

Former Congressman John Shadegg, whom Noble served for years as his chief of
staff, did fundraising for Save Our Vote earlier in the campaign. But Shadegg
said he did not secure any funding from Noble or the Center to Protect Patient
Rights, and said he has not raised any money for Save Our Vote in the past
month.

"I talked to individuals here in Arizona. I did not talk to Sean or any of those
groups," Shadegg said.

© 2012 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              567 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 7, 2015 Wednesday

Used Motor Vehicle Dealers Indicted For Odometer Tampering And Money Laundering

LENGTH: 870  words

DATELINE: Albany


United States Attorney's Office for the Eastern District of New York has issued
the following press release:

A Queens, New York, man and his Israeli brother were charged in indictments
unsealed today in federal courts in Philadelphia and Brooklyn, New York, with
offenses related to a long-running odometer tampering and money laundering
scheme, the Justice Department and the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Eastern
District of New York announced.

Chaim Gali aka Mike Gali and John Triculy, 40, of Queens Village, New York, and
Shmuel Gali aka Sam Gali, 42, of Israel, are charged in a 15-count indictment in
the Eastern District of Pennsylvania (EDPA) with conspiracy, securities fraud
and false odometer statements. The Galis are also charged in a related two-count
indictment in the Eastern District of New York (EDNY) with mail and wire fraud
conspiracy, and money laundering conspiracy. If convicted of the charges in the
EDPA indictment, the defendants face a statutory maximum of five years in prison
on the conspiracy charge; a statutory maximum of 10 years in prison for each
securities fraud charge and up to three years in prison for each false odometer
statement charge. If convicted of the charges in the EDNY indictment, they face
a statutory maximum of 20 years in prison for each of the charges.

"Mileage is one of the most important factors in a consumer's decision to
purchase a used car," said Acting Assistant Attorney General Joyce R. Branda for
the Justice Department's Civil Division. "Misrepresenting the mileage on a used
car fraudulently induces a consumer to pay more money for less value, and it
hides necessary information that will affect how a consumer maintains and
repairs that vehicle."

"As alleged, the defendants created an elaborate odometer tampering and money
laundering scheme to con would-be buyers into purchasing used cars at inflated
prices," said U.S. Attorney Loretta E. Lynch for the EDNY. "They then used the
proceeds of their crimes to continue their fraud against additional unsuspecting
consumers. This case demonstrates our commitment to protect consumers from
fraud."

The indictments allege that the Galis devised a scheme to defraud buyers of used
motor vehicles by misrepresenting the mileage of approximately 690 vehicles they
sold beginning as early as 2006 and through at least 2011. The indictments
charge that the Galis used fictitious dealer names to purchase high-mileage,
used motor vehicles from a national vehicle leasing company. The defendants are
charged with conspiring to alter the odometers in these vehicles, which they
purchased in Florida, Maryland, Missouri and elsewhere, to reflect false lower
mileages. The indictments allege that the Galis then fraudulently altered the
motor vehicle titles to reflect the false lower mileages and as a result, the
commonwealth of Pennsylvania issued motor vehicle titles reflecting the altered
mileages.

The defendants subsequently sold the vehicles at wholesale automobile auctions
in Pennsylvania and New Jersey using various dealerships, including Chase Auto
Center and Conestoga City Autos. At the auctions, the Galis provided the buyers
with Pennsylvania vehicle titles bearing the false lower mileages. The EDPA
indictment alleges that in some instances, the title indicated mileage more than
100,000 miles less than the true mileage of the vehicle and as a result, the
defendants received inflated sales prices for the vehicles they sold.

The defendants deposited the proceeds of the sales of the rolled-back vehicles
into various bank accounts, mainly in Brooklyn. Among other things, the
defendants then used this money to purchase additional used vehicles and
continue their fraud scheme.

Acting Assistant Attorney General Branda and U.S. Attorney Lynch commended the
investigative efforts of the Internal Revenue Service-Criminal Investigation and
the U.S. Department of Transportation National Highway Traffic Safety
Administration's (NHTSA) Office of Odometer Fraud Investigation.

Chaim Gali was arrested today in New York, and his arraignment is scheduled for
2:00 pm this afternoon before U.S. Magistrate Judge Robert M. Levy at the
federal courthouse in Brooklyn. Shmuel Gali is in Israel and the government will
seek his extradition.

The case is being prosecuted by Trial Attorney Kathryn Drenning and Senior
Litigation Counsel Linda I. Marks of the Civil Division's Consumer Protection
Branch, and Assistant U.S. Attorney Catherine M. Mirabile of the Eastern
District of New York.

NHTSA has established a special hotline to handle odometer fraud complaints.
Individuals who have information relating to odometer tampering should call
(800) 424-9393 or (202) 366-4761.

An update on the status of the case is available on the Consumer Protection
Branch's website. More information on odometer fraud is available on NHTSA's
website, and tips on detecting and avoiding odometer fraud are also available on
the NHTSA website.

The charges in the indictments are merely allegations, and do not constitute
proof of guilt. Every defendant is presumed to be innocent unless and until
proven guilty.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              568 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 6, 2016 Saturday

Washington: 4 Colorado men charged in counterfeit Denver Broncos merchandise
scheme

LENGTH: 717  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement has issued the following
news release:



 Four Colorado men were charged Tuesday with racketeering, money laundering and
conspiracy for illegally selling counterfeit Denver Broncos NFL sports
merchandise at the Mile High Flea Market in Commerce City.





 These charges were announced Wednesday by 17th Judicial District Attorney Dave
Young.  U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement's (ICE) Homeland Security
Investigations (HSI), and the 17th Judicial District Attorney's Office of
Colorado conducted a joint investigation into the illegal sales after the
operation became known in 2014.



 The charges allege that Marc Alan Misko, 62, Mitchell Jay Misko, 62, David
Brian Henrichsen, 51, and Glenn Ford, 63, operated a business selling
counterfeit sports merchandise at the Mile High Flea Market from Nov. 14, 2006
to Jan. 10, 2015. The merchandise was falsely marked and identified as official
merchandise for the Denver Broncos and other Denver professional and college
teams as well as teams based in other cities throughout the country.

 "These significant criminal charges are recognition of the successful criminal
investigation conducted by Homeland Security Investigations special agents,"
said David A. Thompson, special agent in charge of HSI in Denver. "This
investigation uncovered hundreds of thousands of dollars in money wired to China
to finance these counterfeit products and more than 20 shell companies
furthering this illegal activity. Not only do these counterfeiting organizations
produce inferior merchandise, which is sometimes dangerous, these counterfeits
also hurt legitimate businesses in the United States, which can hinder job
growth and support criminal organizations around the world."



 HSI special agents seized $700,000 MSRP in counterfeit NFL merchandise from the
Miskos' booth at the flea market Jan. 10, 2015. The charges allege that the
operation purchased more than $887,000 in counterfeit merchandise from China
beginning in 2006 to late 2014 for sale in the Denver area.



 All four defendants are charged with operating a criminal enterprise of
trademark counterfeiting in violation of the Colorado Organized Crime Control
Act (COCCA). The charges allege hundreds of acts of money laundering, conspiracy
and solicitation to commit money laundering dating back to November 2006.



 Marc Misko, of Westminster, Colorado is charged with one count of violation of
COCCA, two counts of money laundering, conspiracy to commit money laundering,
one count of solicitation to commit money laundering and two counts of computer
crime.



 Mitchell Misko, of Westminster, is charged with one count of violation of COCCA
and two counts of money laundering.



 Henrichsen, of Wheat Ridge, Colorado, is charged with one count of violation of
COCCA, two counts of money laundering, one count of solicitation to commit money
laundering and one count of conspiracy to commit money laundering.



 Ford, of Denver, is charged with one count of violation of COCCA and four
counts of money laundering.



 Marc Misko, Mitchell Misko and Ford turned themselves in to the Northglenn
Police Department and are set for return on bond Aug. 17 in Division E of Adams
County District Court. Henrichsen turned himself in to the Douglas County
Sheriff's Office and is set for return Sept. 6 in Division E. All were released
on $20,000 bond.



 The filing of a criminal charge is merely a formal accusation that an
individual committed a crime under Colorado laws. A defendant is presumed
innocent until and unless proven guilty.

 National Intellectual Property Rights Center



 Founded in 2000, the Intellectual Property Rights Center -- formally codified
in the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015 -- is one of the
U.S. government's key weapons in the fight against criminal counterfeiting and
piracy. The center uses the expertise of its 23 member agencies to share
information, develop initiatives, coordinate enforcement actions, and conduct
investigations related to IP theft. Through this strategic interagency
partnership, the IPR Center protects the public's health and safety, the U.S.
economy and the war fighters.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              569 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            April 22, 2015 Wednesday

Kansas couple in money laundering case arrested in El Paso

BYLINE: Daniel Borunda, El Paso Times, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 262 words


April 22--A Kansas couple accused of laundering millions in Mexican drug cartel
money was arrested in El Paso after surrendering this morning to the U.S.
Marshals Service, an agency spokesman said.

George Enns, 69, and his wife, Agatha Enns, 67, were indicted on a federal
charge in connection with a money-laundering conspiracy as part of a larger
investigation stretching from Kansas to the Mexico.

An indictment unsealed Tuesday alleges that the Kansas couple, who own Southwest
Windmill and Waterwell Inc., laundered millions in drug proceeds through an
account at Plains State Bank in Kansas.

From 2011 to last August, the couple had deposits of more than $6.8 million,
including more than $1.6 million in cash, the U.S. Attorney's Office in Kansas
said in a news release.

More than $900,000 were allegedly transferred from the Enns' account at a Bank
of America branch in El Paso to their Plains State Bank account, according to
federal prosecutors

Prosecutors alleged that the Enns crossed into Mexico at least 25 times between
2012 and last August allegedly with large amounts of cash.

On July 26, 2013, U.S. Customs and Border Protection officers stopped the couple
with $317,500 in cash inside a black trash bag at the border crossing in
Columbus, N.M., prosecutors said.

George Enns told officers that the cash was to buy seeds for his seed business
in Mexico, officials said.

Daniel Borunda can be reached at 546-6102.

___ (c)2015 the El Paso Times (El Paso, Texas) Visit the El Paso Times (El Paso,
Texas) at www.elpasotimes.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: April 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150422-EY-Kansas-couple-in-money-laundering
-case-arrested-in-El-Paso-0422-20150422

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EY


                   Copyright 2015 El Paso Times (El Paso, TX)


                              570 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                            December 19, 2014 Friday
                                 ONLINE EDITION

Business digest

BYLINE:  From staff and wire reports

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C3

LENGTH: 824 words


Perficient acquires o Perficient, an information technology and management
consulting firm, said Thursday it will buy Zeon Solutions Inc. for about $37.5
million in cash and stock. The deal includes Grand River Interactive LLC, a Zeon
subsidiary, and an Indian affiliate. Zeon Solutions, based in Milwaukee, is a
$23 million annual revenue business and IT consulting firm that specializes in
e-commerce. Perficient, based in Town and Country, said it will pay about $22.3
million in cash and approximately $13.4 million in Perficient common stock for
Zeon Solutions. The deal was expected to close early next month. The company
said the acquisition of Zeon Solutions will expand Perficient's business and add
market locations in Milwaukee, Ann Arbor, Mich., and an off-shore delivery
center in Nagpur, India.

Deere sells insurance unit o Deere & Co. has sold its crop insurance unit to
Farmer's Mutual Hail Insurance Co. In a memo to agents obtained by Reuters,
Deere said it would make an official announcement regarding the sale later
Thursday. Terms of the deal were not disclosed. A Deere spokesman said an
announcement regarding the unit would come later Thursday morning, and
characterized the memo to agents as "part of our communication to key
stakeholders about our announcement." In September, Deere, which is based in
Moline, Ill., said it was reviewing its strategic options for the crop insurance
business, which underwrites policies through John Deere Insurance Co. and is a
unit of the company's financial services arm.

Wells Fargo fined o Two brokerage units of Wells Fargo & Co. must pay a joint
$1.5 million fine for failing to comply with anti-money laundering regulations
by not verifying 220,000 new accounts during a nine-year period, the Financial
Industry Regulatory Authority, or FINRA, said on Thursday. The lapses, at St.
Louis-based Wells Fargo Advisors and Wells Fargo Advisors Financial Network,
occurred between 2003 and 2012, according to FINRA, the Wall Street watchdog.
Wells Fargo & Co neither admitted nor denied FINRA's allegations, the regulator
said. FINRA rules require brokerages to have policies and procedures in place to
comply with a federal law aimed at detecting and curbing money laundering. A
computer system at Wells Fargo, however, contained a design flaw that caused
failures in identifying some accounts as new, FINRA said. The problem affected
more than 3 percent of the 6.9 million customer accounts the two units had
opened during the nine-year period, FINRA said in its settlement with Wells
Fargo. Wells Fargo uncovered the problem through routine compliance testing. A
Wells Fargo spokesman declined to comment.

Ex-MoneyGram exec sued o U.S. authorities sued MoneyGram International Inc's
former chief compliance officer on Thursday, seeking a $1 million civil penalty
and to hold him personally responsible for failing to stop fraudulent
telemarketers from using the money-transfer firm's services. The lawsuit against
Thomas Haider was filed in U.S. District Court in Manhattan and appeared to be
the first time the federal government has sued an individual executive for
compliance failures related to money laundering. The Justice and Treasury
departments said in a statement that under Haider, MoneyGram failed to put in
place an effective anti-money laundering program and failed to file timely
suspicious activity reports with law enforcement. Haider left MoneyGram in 2008.
The failures were violations of the Bank Secrecy Act, a 1970 U.S. law that
requires financial firms to try to prevent money laundering. Haider believes the
allegations are unfounded, his lawyers said. MoneyGram, which is based in
Dallas, agreed in 2012 to forfeit $100 million to the U.S. government for its
failures to prevent money laundering.

MetLife gets more scrutiny o Major insurer MetLife Inc. says U.S. regulators
have labeled it as a potential threat to the financial system, a designation
that brings stricter government oversight. MetLife said Thursday that the
Financial Stability Oversight Council has designated the company as
"systemically important." As a result, MetLife must increase its cushion of
capital against losses, limit its use of borrowed money and submit to
inspections by examiners. MetLife will come under the supervision of the Federal
Reserve. Its primary regulator now is New York state. In a statement, New
York-based MetLife said it is "disappointed" in the decision and has given the
regulators evidence showing it is not systemically important. MetLife was the
third nonbank financial firm to be given the label by the council, a group of
top regulators.

Jobless claims drop o Fewer Americans sought unemployment benefits last week, a
sign of solid job security and growing confidence among employers. Weekly
unemployment benefit applications dropped 6,000 to a seasonally adjusted
289,000, the Labor Department said Thursday. That is the fewest since since late
October.

LOAD-DATE: December 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              571 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 8, 2015 Tuesday

Columbus Man Pleads Guilty to Marijuana, Money Laundering, Gun Charges

LENGTH: 441 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Office for the United States Attorneys,Southern District of Ohio has issued the
following news release:







    COLUMBUS, Ohio - Richard Spriggs, Sr., 47, of Columbus, pleaded guilty in
U.S. District Court to conspiracy to possess with intent to distribute
marijuana, conspiracy to commit money laundering and unlawful possession of a
firearm.



    Carter M. Stewart, United States Attorney for the Southern District of Ohio,
Joseph P. Reagan, Special Agent in Charge, Drug Enforcement Agency (DEA), Kathy
A. Enstrom. Special Agent in Charge, Internal Revenue Service (IRS) Criminal
Investigation, Cincinnati Field Office and Columbus Police Chief Kim Jacobs,
announced the plea entered into yesterday before U.S. Magistrate Judge Terence
P. Kemp.

    According to court documents, Spriggs and others in an organization were
responsible for distributing multiple kilograms of marijuana by use of Ohio
residences, business fronts, commercial freight, semi tractor-trailers and
vehicles. Spriggs and others transported marijuana to various places in
Columbus, Ohio from suppliers in Houston, Texas. The drug shipments were
disguised as hair care products, beauty supplies and whole grain rice.

    Spriggs used the drug proceeds to purchase at least two residences by paying
cash. He used pre-paid debit cards which he funded in another person's name as
his personal credit card, buying air travel, rental vehicles and cellular
telephone bills.

    Spriggs pleaded guilty to one count of possession with intent to distribute
marijuana, one count of money laundering and one count of unlawful possession of
a firearm by a convicted felon.

    The marijuana charge carries a potential maximum sentence of 40 years
imprisonment, and conspiracy to commit money laundering and unlawful possession
of a firearm each carry a potential maximum sentence of 10 years in prison.

    Spriggs has agreed to forfeit approximately $86,000 in cash, firearms and
ammunition.

    &ldquo;The laundering of illegal drug profits is as important and essential
to drug traffickers as the very distribution of their illegal drugs. Without
these ill-gotten gains, the traffickers could not finance their
organizations,&rdquo; said Kathy A. Enstrom, Special Agent in Charge, IRS
Criminal Investigation, Cincinnati Field Office.

    U.S. Attorney Stewart commended the cooperative investigation by law
enforcement, as well as Assistant United States Attorney Kenneth F. Affeldt, who
is representing the United States in this case.




 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              572 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                           September 15, 2009 Tuesday
                                 Metro Edition

Mystery past of Petters associate unfolds;
The co-defendant who said he funneled money in a $3.5 billion Ponzi scheme has a
history of fraud, mob ties and a spot in witness protection.

BYLINE: DAVID PHELPS, JENNIFER BJORHUS, STAFF WRITERS

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 988 words


The Los Angeles mystery man who helped Tom Petters allegedly launder billions of
investors' dollars appears to be a disbarred Boston-area attorney with a shadowy
criminal history and stints as a wire-wearing government informant.

Newspaper clippings, court rulings and other public documents leave little doubt
that the co-defendant known as Larry Reynolds is actually Larry Reservitz, a
swindler and drug trafficker who had associations with the New England mob in
the 1980s and eventually was placed in the government's witness protection
program.

As Reynolds, he testified that he used his California bank account to funnel
investors' money from and to Petters, a high-profile Minnesota entrepreneur who
is accused of running a $3.5 billion Ponzi scheme.

Until now, little had been disclosed about Reynolds beyond the fact that he once
was involved in a company that sold sneakers in tough Los Angeles neighborhoods
and had lavish houses in both southern California and Las Vegas, where he was a
well-known poker player who fancied exotic cars. After being arrested last
October in connection to the Petters case, Reynolds was described by his
California attorney as a 67-year-old man with no prior criminal convictions.

Reynolds said he got about $6 million in fees from Petters for laundering $12
billion in funds between 2002 and 2008. He pleaded guilty in St. Paul to
conspiracy to commit money laundering and faces up to 20 years in prison.

Petters' trial on mail and wire fraud and money laundering is scheduled to begin
in late October. But his attorneys now want the case against him dropped,
suggesting that Petters himself might have been duped by Reynolds in an
elaborate con that unfolded under the government's nose.

Government prosecutors did not respond to a request for comment. Attorneys for
Petters and Reynolds declined to comment.

Motions were unsealed Friday in heavily redacted form, deleting all biographical
information -- even pronouns -- that might give clues about Reynolds or his
past. But the documents contained enough details from previously published
reports about Reynolds and Reservitz that they leave no doubt the two men are
one in the same.

Living on `oodles of money'

Larry Reservitz was born and raised in the Brockton, a working-class suburb of
Boston, according to Michaele Battles, a McLean, Va., lawyer who knew him when
he attended law school at Suffolk University in Boston.

"Larry lived pretty high for a student," Battles said. He'd be spending lavishly
on dates with her roommate, Battles recalled. "He had a fancy sports car. In
fact, Larry lived as if he were a practicing lawyer. He had oodles of money."

Reporter Jim Schuh detailed the life of Larry Reservitz in an in-depth story
titled "What's the Scam?" in the weekly Boston Phoenix in June 1986. According
to Schuh, Reservitz is the son of a lawyer. He attended a private school in New
Hampshire, where he was an honor roll student, football and basketball player,
and a member of the drama club. In college, he developed a taste for high-stakes
card games.

After passing the bar in 1967, Reservitz joined his father's law firm, Schuh
wrote. After his father died a short time later, he took over the firm, Battles
said.

According to Schuh's story, Reservitz acknowledged that he rigged phony car
crashes to bilk insurance companies. One of his partners in the schemes was a
man with ties to the Boston Mafia, the late Elias Kenaan.

When authorities caught on to Reservitz, he and his first wife and child fled
the country and eventually moved to an island off Spain, wrote Schuh, who is now
a lawyer. At some point he met a woman named Antoinette, who was Scottish, and
after living a time in Israel and Frankfurt he landed in Edinburgh, where her
family was. It was there that Scotland Yard caught up with Reservitz, and
authorities shipped him back to Massachusetts, where he was eventually sentenced
to 18 months in the Plymouth County Jail, according to Schuh's article.

He moved on to new crimes, including various check-fraud schemes and, at one
point, tried to buy a "truckload" of pot from an undercover Drug Enforcement
Administration, according to the article.

Cooperation with the feds

Facing serious time, Reservitz began cooperating with federal authorities in
1984, wearing hidden tape recorders. In 1986 he testified that he was involved
in a scheme to cash a bogus check for $2 million out of the account of L. Ron
Hubbard, the late founder of the Church of Scientology.

The case made national headlines as the church waged a public battle to locate
the culprit who actually wrote the fake check. One media account of the 1986
trial described Reservitz as a "high-rolling gambler ... who participated in the
second alleged fraud as an informant for the FBI."

Reservitz eventually served 13 months of an 18-month prison term. Court records
indicate Reservitz and his family subsequently entered the Witness Security
Program.

Public records show that Reynolds' Social Security number was issued in Nebraska
between January 1986 and the end of 1987, and Antoinette's was issued in
California in 1985.

In 1986, Larry Reynolds pops up in California as president of a company called
Shoe Madness Inc. in San Diego, public records show. He has since been involved
in several businesses, including Tokyo One, North American Hotel and Food
Service Corp., and Nationwide International Resources Inc., the company involved
in the Petters transactions.

Last fall, in a hearing in St. Paul, FBI agent Brian J. Kinney testified that
Larry Reynolds had met Petters in 1992, shortly after the April riots in Los
Angeles. Kinney testified that Reynolds was employed at Eurostar Inc., a sneaker
company, and that Petters approached Reynolds about providing phony invoices.

"He was just to provide invoices in which there was no merchandise provided and
no payment as well," Kinney said.

David Phelps - 612-673-7269 Jennifer Bjorhus 612-673-4683

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2009 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              573 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 28, 2015 Monday

Texas Couple Convicted Of Drug And Money Laundering Conspiracies Sentenced To
Twenty Years And Life In Prison

LENGTH: 429  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Office for the United States Attorneys,Middle District of Tennessee has issued
the following news release:



  Aldo Villarreal, 46, of McAllen, Texas, and his wife, Juana Edith
Vela-Salinas, 41, also of McAllen, Texas, were sentenced on December 21, 2105,
by Senior U.S. District Judge William J. Haynes, Jr., announced David Rivera,
United States Attorney for the Middle District of Tennessee.  In a joint federal
jury trial in July 2015 the jury found Villarreal guilty of conspiring to
possess and distribute cocaine and marijuana, and found both Villarreal and
Vela-Salinas guilty of conspiring to commit money laundering.





 The evidence at trial showed that, between 2008 and 2011, Villarreal was a
manager in an extensive drug operation that distributed large quantities of
cocaine in Nashville and Atlanta, and distributed large quantities of marijuana
in Nashville.  The evidence at trial revealed that the drugs were imported from
Mexico into Texas before being transported to Atlanta and Nashville.  The
evidence also showed that Villarreal and Vela-Salinas conspired to launder the
proceeds of that drug operation through a variety of methods, including the
purchase of used vehicles in Nashville and the subsequent sale of vehicles at El
Shadai, a used car lot the defendants owned and operated in Edinburg, Texas.



 Judge Haynes sentenced Villarreal to a term of life in prison on the drug
conspiracy conviction, to run concurrently with a twenty-year sentence on the
money laundering conspiracy conviction.  Judge Haynes sentenced Vela-Salinas to
also serve twenty years on her money laundering conspiracy conviction.



 In imposing sentence, Judge Haynes stated that this case involved one of the
largest drug conspiracies he had seen in terms of the amount and value of the
drugs involved and took notice that both defendants had threatened potential
witnesses.



 Judge Haynes also found that the defendants must forfeit two pieces of property
alleged in the indictment and ordered the defendants to be held responsible for
a forfeiture money judgment of $6,000,000.



 The case was investigated by the Federal Bureau of Investigation; the Drug
Enforcement Administration; the Internal Revenue Service, the Department of
Homeland Security; the Metropolitan Nashville Police Department; the Wilson
County Sheriff's Office, and the Lebanon Police Department.  The case was
prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorneys Brent A. Hannafan and Ben Schrader.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              574 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 28, 2015 Monday

Texas Couple Convicted Of Drug And Money Laundering Conspiracies Sentenced To
Twenty Years And Life In Prison

LENGTH: 429  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Office for the United States Attorneys,Middle District of Tennessee has issued
the following news release:



  Aldo Villarreal, 46, of McAllen, Texas, and his wife, Juana Edith
Vela-Salinas, 41, also of McAllen, Texas, were sentenced on December 21, 2105,
by Senior U.S. District Judge William J. Haynes, Jr., announced David Rivera,
United States Attorney for the Middle District of Tennessee.  In a joint federal
jury trial in July 2015 the jury found Villarreal guilty of conspiring to
possess and distribute cocaine and marijuana, and found both Villarreal and
Vela-Salinas guilty of conspiring to commit money laundering.





 The evidence at trial showed that, between 2008 and 2011, Villarreal was a
manager in an extensive drug operation that distributed large quantities of
cocaine in Nashville and Atlanta, and distributed large quantities of marijuana
in Nashville.  The evidence at trial revealed that the drugs were imported from
Mexico into Texas before being transported to Atlanta and Nashville.  The
evidence also showed that Villarreal and Vela-Salinas conspired to launder the
proceeds of that drug operation through a variety of methods, including the
purchase of used vehicles in Nashville and the subsequent sale of vehicles at El
Shadai, a used car lot the defendants owned and operated in Edinburg, Texas.



 Judge Haynes sentenced Villarreal to a term of life in prison on the drug
conspiracy conviction, to run concurrently with a twenty-year sentence on the
money laundering conspiracy conviction.  Judge Haynes sentenced Vela-Salinas to
also serve twenty years on her money laundering conspiracy conviction.



 In imposing sentence, Judge Haynes stated that this case involved one of the
largest drug conspiracies he had seen in terms of the amount and value of the
drugs involved and took notice that both defendants had threatened potential
witnesses.



 Judge Haynes also found that the defendants must forfeit two pieces of property
alleged in the indictment and ordered the defendants to be held responsible for
a forfeiture money judgment of $6,000,000.



 The case was investigated by the Federal Bureau of Investigation; the Drug
Enforcement Administration; the Internal Revenue Service, the Department of
Homeland Security; the Metropolitan Nashville Police Department; the Wilson
County Sheriff's Office, and the Lebanon Police Department.  The case was
prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorneys Brent A. Hannafan and Ben Schrader.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: January 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              575 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                  The Union-Recorder (Milledgeville, Georgia)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                              March 3, 2017 Friday

Sources: Probe involves alleged money laundering

BYLINE: Billy Hobbs, The Union-Recorder, Milledgeville, Ga.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 454 words


March 03--A federal investigation underway by FBI and Internal Revenue Service
agents in four cities across Georgia, including a popular nightclub and bar in
Milledgeville, allegedly focuses on possible money laundering, The
Union-Recorder has learned.

Capital City nightclub and Chops bar, both located on South Wayne Street, were
raided Tuesday by authorities.

Federal authorities have refused, however, to disclose the nature of their
investigation. But law enforcement sources have said at least one aspect of the
investigation centers on alleged money laundering, according to sources.

Though no arrests were made during the federal raid, agents did seize several
boxes of what is believed to be evidence in the case.

Federal agents also raided a home in Statesboro, as well as bars and a home in
the Valdosta area, and The Gin, a popular bar in Tifton.

Other bars raided in the Valdosta area included BlueWater Saloon, Miltown
Groove, and Sand Bar, formerly known as Flip Flops.

Heath Cox owns those three businesses, according to a story published in
Wednesday's edition of The Valdosta Daily Times, a sister newspaper of The
Union-Recorder.

Although a list of names of those involved and the exact nature of the federal
investigation has not been revealed, federal agents executed a search warrant at
the home of William P. Britt, a former city councilman in Statesboro, according
to The Statesboro Herald.

William Britt is also listed as the licensee of Taft and Harding On Park Avenue,
LLC, which is listed as the owner of Tifton bar, The Gin.

Britt's brother, Trey, is the property owner of Capital City nightclub, and the
Chops bar in Milledgeville, according to city records.

The two local businesses are owned by a corporation known as Bgrg Inc., which
operates Capital City/119 and Chops, city records show.

Will Britt served on Statesboro City Council for 12 years. He chose not to seek
re-election in 2015. During his last four years in office, Britt served as mayor
pro-tem, according to The Statesboro Herald.

Stephen Emmett, special agent in the Atlanta Field Office of the FBI, who serves
as a spokesperson for the federal law enforcement agency, said following
Tuesday's raid that he could not make further comment about the ongoing
investigation.

In a Tuesday press release from the FBI, Emmett said FBI and IRS agents were
jointly involved in a federal investigation, and that federal agents served
several search warrants in various parts of the state.

All of the raids on businesses and at least two homes Tuesday were reportedly
done simultaneously.

___ (c)2017 The Union-Recorder (Milledgeville, Ga.) Visit The Union-Recorder
(Milledgeville, Ga.) at unionrecorder.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency,
LLC.

LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20170303-UG-Sources-Probe-involves-alleged-money-laundering
-0303-20170303

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UG


                       Copyright 2017 The Union-Recorder


                              576 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                           January 14, 2016 Thursday

Feds move to curb dirty money laundering [JUMP]They will target cash sales of
pricey homes in Miami-Dade, New York;
They will target cash sales of pricey homes in Miami-Dade, New York

BYLINE: NICHOLAS NEHAMAS Miami Herald

SECTION: METRO; Business; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 271 words



HIGHLIGHT: Feds to monitor luxury home real estate sales.


MIAMI - Federal authorities on Wednesday announced a temporary anti-money
laundering crackdown on pricey homes bought secretly with cash in Miami-Dade
County and New York City.The new policy will require title insurance companies
to identify the owners of shell companies that pay $1 million or more in cash
for homes in Miami-Dade and $3 million or more for homes in New York City and
report their names to the federal government.

The move reflects concerns that dirty money from abroad is helping fuel the
local residential real estate boom. Wealthy buyers in South Florida often use a
network of domestic and offshore companies to prevent their names from becoming
public. Using a limited liability company to buy property also offers owners
legal benefits such as liability protection.

The U.S. Financial Crimes Enforcement Network, or FinCEN, issued the so-called
geographic targeting order, which will be in effect from Feb. 8 to Aug. 5.

We are seeking to understand the risk that corrupt foreign officials, or
transnational criminals, may be using premium U.S. real estate to safely and
secretly invest millions in dirty money, FinCEN director Jennifer Shasky Calvery
said in a statement.

Over the years, our rules have evolved to make the standard mortgage market more
transparent and less hospitable to fraud and money laundering. But cash
purchases present a more complex gap that we seek to address.

Insurance companies will now have to report to the feds the names of cash buyers
who spend more than $1 million so they can investigate possible money laundering
. Their identities will not be revealed to the public.

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2016 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              577 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The Daily Telegraph (Australia)

                            November 26, 2010 Friday
                               1 - State Edition

DeLay's downfall -- Guilty of laundering cash

BYLINE: Juan A. Lozano

SECTION: WORLD; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 305  words


HIS heavy-handed style made him one of the most powerful and feared Republicans
in the US Congress.

But that also proved to be Tom DeLay's downfall yesterday when a a jury found he
he went too far in trying to influence elections. The former House majority
leader was convicted on two charges that could send him to prison for decades.

DeLay was found guilty of money laundering and conspiracy to commit money
laundering in a scheme to illegally funnel corporate money to Texas candidates
in 2002.

After the verdicts were read, DeLay hugged his wife Christine and daughter
Danielle, audibly whispering into her ear that he couldn't get a fair trial in
Austin.

DeLay had unsuccessfully tried to get the trial moved out of what is the most
liberal city in one of the most Republican states.

``This is an abuse of power. It's a miscarriage of justice and I still maintain
that I am innocent. The criminalisation of politics undermines our very system
and I'm very disappointed in the outcome,'' DeLay said outside the courtroom as
he vowed to appeal.

He remains free on bond and several witnesses were expected to be called during
the punishment phase of his trial, tentatively scheduled to begin on December
20.

Prosecutors said DeLay, whose tough tactics earned him the nickname ``the
Hammer,'' used his political action committee to illegally channel $190,000 in
corporate donations into 2002 Texas legislative races through a money swap.

The former Houston-area congressman maintains he did nothing wrong as no
corporate funds went to Texas candidates and the money swap was legal.

``This case is a message from the citizens of the state of Texas that the public
officials they elect to represent them must do so honestly and ethically and, if
not, they'll be held accountable,'' District Attorney Rosemary Lehmberg said
after the verdict.

LOAD-DATE: November 25, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DTM


                   Copyright 2010 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              578 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    December 2, 1988, Friday, Final Edition

Envoy, Bank Charged in Money Laundering

BYLINE: Michael Isikoff, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A24

LENGTH: 608 words


Federal prosecutors yesterday charged a Yugoslav consul and a New York bank with
helping to launder more than $ 1.4 million through Yugoslavia on behalf of
undercover U.S. Customs Service agents posing as organized crime figures.

According to a 21-count indictment handed up by a federal grand jury in
Philadelphia, Bahrudin Bijedic, the Yugoslav consul general in Chicago, used
gold-colored diplomatic seals to smuggle $ 500,000 in currency to Yugoslavia.
The funds, which were supplied by the Customs agents, were shipped from the
United States, deposited in a Yugoslav bank and transferred by wire back to an
undercover Customs account, the indictment alleges.

Also charged was LBS Bank of New York, a branch of a government-owned bank in
Yugoslavia; LBS chairman Vinko Mir, and three others, including Vjekoslav
Spanjol of Plano, Tex., identified by one source as a suspected spy for the
Yugoslav government.

In addition to engaging in alleged money laundering, Spanjol, a 31-year-old
naturalized U.S. citizen who runs a janitorial services firm, had sought to
smuggle two underwater breathing units, which are considered high-technology
military equipment, to Yugoslavia, Customs officials said. The devices were
delivered to Customs and undercover German agents in West Germany.

A spokesman for the Yugoslav Embassy in Washington could not be reached
yesterday for comment.

U.S. Customs Commissioner William von Raab said the case showed that the East
Bloc is "still desperate to get its hands not only on our high technology, but
our hard currency."

"Money laundering is not a local problem; it's not a national problem, and, in
this case, it's not even a capitalist problem," von Raab said at a news
conference in Philadelphia. "It's an international problem, in this case
involving an East Bloc country, Yugoslavia."

One of the early suspects in the investigation was Hubert Francis Cole, a
self-proclaimed money laundering expert and a one-time financial adviser to The
Patriot Society, a nationwide group of tax protesters. In July 1987, Cole
introduced an undercover Customs agent to Larry Card, an international banker
from Chattanooga, Tenn., who offered to illegally ship cash out of the country
and deposit the money in bank accounts in Bermuda, according to Customs
officials.

Under U.S. law, cash transfers in excess of $ 10,000 must be reported to the
Treasury. Officials allege that Cole and Card, who also were indicted yesterday,
arranged to ship hundreds of thousands of dollars out of the country for the
Customs agents and eventually put them in touch with Spanjol, the suspected
Yugoslav agent. Spanjol then arranged to ship more funds to Yugoslavia, where
the money was deposited in bank accounts and then transferred back into the U.S.
bank accounts of Customs front companies, officials said.

Later in the operation, Customs officials allege that Cole steered the agents to
LBS Bank, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Yugoslav government-owned Ljubljanska
Bank in Yugoslavia. With the knowledge of Mir, the LBS Bank chairman, the
undercover agents deposited $ 126,350 in cash in the bank and received bank
checks in return without reporting the transactions, the officials said.

Cole and Spanjol were arrested shortly after noon yesterday at Philadelphia
International Airport as Customs officials allege they were trying to ship an
additional $ 2 million to Chicago. The officials said that Bijedic planned to
ship the money to Yugoslavia in diplomatic seal. Bijedic was arrested at a small
airport in Wheeling, Ill., north of Chicago, as he waited for the private plane
to arrive from Philadelphia.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS, FOREIGN NEWS

                       Copyright 1988 The Washington Post


                              579 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                             April 24, 1989 Monday
                                  Late Edition

AFFIDAVIT DETAILS DRUG MONEY MOVES

BYLINE: Source: _Financial Times

SECTION: BANKING & FINANCE; Pg. 59

LENGTH: 447 words


A detailed account of the alleged financial transactions used by the Bank of
Credit and Commerce International, accused in the US of conspiring to launder
the proceeds of cocaine sales, has been filed with a court in Florida

The account, in an affidavit by an agent of the Internal Revenue Service, Mr
David Burris, has been lodged with the Federal Court in Tampa in response to a
defence submission on behalf of the Luxembourg-based BCCI.

The bank denies knowingly being involved in drug money-laundering activities.

The laundering charges were brought in October last year after a two-year US
customs investigation, Operation C-chase, into the laundering of $US36 million
($A45m) in cocaine money. The BCCI charges cover $US14 million of allegedly
laundered cash.

The affidavit shows the extent of US law enforcement agencies' efforts to reach
cocaine profiteers.

Customs agents established fictitious corporate accounts at banks in seven US
cities to tempt drug dealers.

Similar sting operations have been mounted by the Federal Bureau of
Investigation, the Drug Enforcement Administration, and the US Internal Revenue
Service, sometimes working together.

The latest culminated in laundering charges against the Banco de Occidente in
Colombia and its branch in Panama.

Drug dealers are made to believe they have access to companies such as hotels
and restaurants that deal with large amounts of cash each day.

Money from cocaine sales is then channelled through these customs-controlled
company accounts to a central account elsewhere.

The agent in charge of the BCCI case, Mr Robert Mazur, opened a corporate
account in the name of Financial Consulting Incorporated at branches of the
Florida National Bank at Tampa and St Petersburg. The bank co-operated in the
investigation.

When an account also was taken out at BCCI later in the operation, bank officers
based at Miami are alleged to have provided a sophisticated system to ensure the
money could not be traced.

Prosecutors say the system involved a short-term deposit at a BCCI branch in
Luxembourg, for example, where strict secrecy laws exist. The certificate of
deposit would be used as collateral for a counterbalancing loan to a corporate
account run by the agent.

The loan money could then be wired to an account of one of the drug dealers.

The affidavit is part of 11 volumes of transcripts and submissions lodged with
the court. The trial is unlikely to start before the New Year and is expected to
last eight months.

Defence lawyers have attempted to have the case dismissed on the grounds of
outrageous government misconduct, claiming that the crimes were conceived and
orchestrated by the undercover agents from start to finish.

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 1989 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              580 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 19, 2014 Tuesday

Idaho: Minnesota Man Pleads Guilty to Laundering Drug Proceeds

LENGTH: 191  words

DATELINE: Boise


United States Attorney's Office for the District of Idaho has issued the
following press release:

Allan R Hayes, 30, of Minnesota, pleaded guilty today to conspiracy to commit
money laundering, U.S. Attorney Wendy J. Olson announced. Hayes was indicted by
a federal grand Jury in Coeur d'Alene on February 20, 2013.

According to the plea agreement, on January 22, 2013, Hayes was stopped for
traffic violations. Pursuant to consent, the officer searched the vehicle and
found over $200,000 in the trunk. The defendant admitted the money was proceeds
from the sale of marijuana. Hayes told the officer that he was taking the money
from Minnesota to California to pay for marijuana that was previously supplied
and sold.

The charge of conspiracy to commit money laundering is punishable by up to 20
years in prison, a maximum fine of $500,000.00, and up to three years of
supervised release.

Sentencing is set for November 12, 2014, before U.S. District Judge Edward J.
Lodge at the federal courthouse in Coeur d'Alene.

The case was investigated by the North Idaho Violent Crimes Task Force.

For more information please visit: http://www.justice.gov/usao/id

LOAD-DATE: August 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              581 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                September 22, 1995, Friday, Late Edition - Final

Lawyer Admits He Laundered Drug Money

SECTION: Section B;  Page 3;  Column 1;  Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 191 words


A Manhattan lawyer pleaded guilty yesterday to taking part in what officials
called one of the largest money-laundering operations ever uncovered in New York
City, a ring responsible for hiding more than $19 million in drug profits for
the Cali cocaine cartel.

The lawyer, Harvey Weinig, 47, of Riverside Drive, pleaded guilty in Federal
District Court in Manhattan to one count of conspiracy to commit money
laundering and one count of using his assets for money laundering. Of the 14
people charged in the case, all but one have pleaded guilty.

Mr. Weinig told Judge Kevin Thomas Duffy yesterday how in late 1993 he had been
drawn into the scheme by his former law partner, Robert Hirsch, and a Bronx beer
distributor, Richard Spence.

Mr. Hirsch and Mr. Spence have pleaded guilty and are awaiting sentencing. Mr.
Hirsch became a Government informer last year, according to Mr. Weinig and law
enforcement authorities.

Under Federal guidelines, Mr. Weinig faces 9 to 11 years in prison when he is
sentenced on Jan. 10, Judge Duffy said. The lawyer also has to forfeit a house
in Amagansett, L.I., and nearly $1.4 million in cash.

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1995 The New York Times Company


                              582 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                            June 19, 1997, Thursday

BUST 2 DESIGNING MEN IN LAUNDERING DRUG LOOT

BYLINE: By HELEN PETERSON

SECTION: News; Pg.  66

LENGTH: 380 words


Two interior designers who traveled the world buying art and antiques for the
estates of a Colombian druglord were charged yesterday with laundering $ 30
million for the Cali cartel.

Authorities said designers Antony Alexander Blarek, 56, and Frank Pellecchia,
48, of San Francisco, had one client from 1978 until 1996 Jose Santacruz
Londono, a drug kingpin whose $ 18 million Cali estate is a replica of the U.S.
White House.

The mansion, known as Casa Blanca, boasts an 80-foot-wide central hall and a
three-chair hair salon, as well as $ 300,000 worth of swimming pool tiles bought
by Blarek and Pellechia, authorities said.

Authorities said the two decorators scoured Europeand the U.S. for sculpture,
furnishings, artwork and antiques to furnish the homes of Santacruz' half-dozen
mistresses and family members in Colombia.

The indictment against the decorators, unsealed yesterday, stemmed from a
lengthy Drug Enforcement Administration investigation.

Investigators charge Santacruz masterminded the shipment of tons of cocaine into
New York and other cities from the 1970s until his death in 1996.

He was indicted on drug trafficking and money laundering charges by a Brooklyn
federal grand jury in 1995 but was never extradited.

Santacruz was killed by police in Medellin, Colombia, last year after escaping
from a Colombian prison.

He was described as "one of the most powerful criminals of this quarter century"
in a letter Brooklyn federal prosecutor Mark Lerner filed with a California
judge yesterday recommending that Blarek and Pellecchia be held without bail.

The Brooklyn indictment charges Blarek and Pellecchia with collecting cash from
Cali stash houses in the U.S., smuggling drug money out of the U.S. and shipping
purchases to straw men in Colombia.

They also are accused of accepting wire transfers of up to $ 500,000 at a time
from secret overseas bank accounts and accepting $ 250,000 from a drug money
stash house in Bayside, Queens.

DEA agents arrested Blarek and Pellechia yesterday at their exclusive $ 1.4
million estate overlooking San Francisco Bay.

They face up to 40 years in prison if convicted, as well as forfeiture of their
estate, bank accounts and an undeveloped lot they own in East Hampton, L.I.

LOAD-DATE: June 23, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 1997 Daily News, L.P.


                              583 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      Monterey County Herald (California)

                            March 18, 2010 Thursday

Business briefs: Wachovia's money laundering case settled

BYLINE: The Monterey County Herald

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 465 words


MIAMI
Bank's money laundering case settled

Banking giant Wachovia Corp. will pay $160 million to settle a federal
investigation into laundering illegal drug profits through Mexican exchange
houses in the largest case of its kind ever brought against a U.S. bank,
prosecutors said Wednesday.

"This is historic," said acting U.S. Attorney Jeffrey Sloman. "There is no other
case like this one anywhere."

The probe, which began in 2005 when a Drug Enforcement Administration narcotics
dog in Florida detected cocaine traces in an airplane, ultimately uncovered at
least $110million in drug profits laundered from Mexico through Wachovia. The
total settlement includes forfeiture in that amount plus a $50 million fine.

"DEA will follow drug money wherever it leads us," said Mark R. Trouville, chief
of the DEA's Miami office.

The agreement means Wachovia and its executives will avoid criminal prosecution
in return for the $160 million payment and significant improvements in its
anti-money laundering program. If those and other conditions are met within one
year, potential criminal charges for failure to maintain a system to detect
money launderers will be dropped.

Wachovia, a unit of San Francisco-based Wells Fargo & Co., said in a statement
that Wells Fargo had set aside money to pay the settlement.

WASHINGTON
105 complaints about fixed Toyotas

Complaints of sudden acceleration in Toyotas repaired under recalls have nearly
doubled in the past two weeks, according to an analysis of government data.

The complaints from 105 drivers raise questions about whether Toyota's repairs
will prevent the cars from speeding up on their own or if there is another
reason for the problem.

Toyota has said it is confident in its repairs and has found no evidence of
other problems, such as faulty electronics. The automaker did not immediately
comment Wednesday on the latest complaints.

The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration said it was contacting owners
who have complained about their repaired vehicles.

PACIFIC GROVE
Sprout Boutique a store for kids gifts

Sisters Jaime Shoemaker and Lisa Thomas have opened Sprout Boutique at 210½
Forest Ave.

The store has a focus on "responsibly made, eclectic clothing, accessories and
gifts" for children, the sisters said.

Sprout Boutique is open 10a.m. to 5 p.m. Thursdays and Fridays, 11 a.m. to 4
p.m. Saturdays, and additional hours by appointment. For information, call
373-5437, or see sproutbabyboutique.com .

CARMEL VALLEY
Orientation for chamber's Egypt trip

An orientation for the Carmel Valley Chamber of Commerce's October trade mission
to Egypt will be held at 5:30 p.m. Wednesday at Los Laureles Lodge, 313 W.
Carmel Valley Road.

Cost of the trip is $2,699. For information, call 659-4000, or see
carmelvalleychamber.com .

Staff and wire reports

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 The Monterey County Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              584 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                    December 5, 1996, Thursday, ALL EDITIONS

AUTO RACING;
Owner Hendrick charged in bribe plot

BYLINE: Tom McCollister; STAFF WRITER

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 02G

LENGTH: 303 words


Two-time Winston Cup champion team owner Rick Hendrick was indicted Wednesday on
federal charges of money laundering, conspiracy and mail fraud in his alleged
efforts to bribe Honda executives to acquire more cars and dealerships.

Hendrick, one of the nation's largest auto retailers, fields Winston Cup teams
for current champion Terry Labonte, last year's title holder Jeff Gordon and
Ricky Craven. His teams have won over 60 races since 1984.

The indictment, handed down by an Asheville, N.C., grand jury, listed 13 counts
of money laundering, one count each of conspiracy and mail fraud. Hendrick's
younger brother, John L. Hendrick, was charged with one count of conspiracy.

The conspiracy and mail fraud counts each carry a maximum penalty of five years
in prison and a $ 250,000 fine. Each money laundering count carries a maximum of
between 10 and 20 years in prison and fines of $ 250,000 to $ 500,000.

Hendrick was in New York preparing for this week's Winston Cup banquet and was
not available for comment. He will plead innocent, according to his attorney
Harold Bender.

The indictment charges that Hendrick bribed executives of American Honda and in
return received preferential treatment for receiving Honda automobiles as well
as receiving Honda dealerships.

The indictment was expected following the 1994 and 1995 prosecutions of a number
of Honda executives as well as company employees and dealers.

In addition to Hendrick Motorsports, the 47-year-old Hendrick also owns Hendrick
Management Corporation, which controls 66 automobile and truck dealerships in 88
locations with 4,500 employees and an annual revenue of more than $ 2 billion.
His Hendrick Automotive Group is the largest Saturn and Honda dealer in the
country.

The Associated Press contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: December 6, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1996 The Atlanta Constitution


                              585 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                     MARCH 11, 1995 Saturday FINAL EDITION

FIGURE IN WHITEWATER PROBE TIED TO A.C. STING A KEY WHITEWATER WITNESS HAD A
BRIEF ROLE IN A MONEY-LAUNDERING SCHEME. HIS LAWYER TURNED IT DOWN.

BYLINE: Maureen Graham, INQUIRER STAFF WRITER

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B01

LENGTH: 1063 words


Federal agents working undercover on an Atlantic City money-laundering sting in
1993 were led to the Arkansas offices of a man who later became a key witness in
the Whitewater investigation, federal government documents show.

The witness is David Hale, a former Little Rock judge who has contended that
then-Gov. Bill Clinton pressured him in the mid-1980s to make a federally backed
loan of $300,000 to a partner of Clinton's in the Whitewater Development Corp.

President Clinton has denied any impropriety.

Hale pleaded guilty last March to fraudulently obtaining $900,000 in funds
from the Small Business Administration in another case. He is now cooperating
with prosecutors, and is described as a key witness in the Whitewater
investigation.

In an unusual turn of events last month, Hale's brief part in the Atlantic City
matter came to light in U.S. District Court in Camden.

Two men - one of them a business acquaintance of Hale's - were about to plead
guilty to money-laundering charges. Just as the case was to become public, U.S.
District Judge Joseph Irenas ordered on Feb. 7 that much of the court record be
sealed and the courtroom closed.

A government memorandum of law obtained by The Inquirer says the FBI tape-
recorded Hale discussing a money-laundering transaction that was not completed.
The document says that after one lawyer representing Hale negotiated the
arrangement, another lawyer was "substituted at the last minute." The second
lawyer questioned the transaction, and Hale withdrew.

The U.S. attorney for New Jersey later accused Michael Clark, 49, of Texas, who
had been involved in previous business dealings with Hale, and J. Darrell
Jordan, 49, of conspiring to launder $210,000 in purported proceeds from illegal
gambling. After Irenas closed the courtroom, Clark pleaded guilty to one count
of money-laundering and Jordan pleaded guilty to abetting wire fraud, records
show. The men are scheduled to be sentenced May 12.

The Atlantic City investigation had an unlikely origin in an unrelated probe of
a Mexican investors group.

"In the late 1980s and early '90s, a group of Mexican investors utilizing a
secret multibillion-dollar trust fund based on a Caribbean island began buying
up financial institutions and real estate properties in the United States," the
government memorandum says. Some of the people in the group were described as
convicted felons.

In February 1992, the Mexican group agreed to buy an Illinois insurance company,
called AMS, with the intention of relocating it to Arizona.

The Department of Insurance in Arizona became alarmed and contacted the FBI, the
memorandum states.

An FBI agent using the false name James Warren posed as an Atlantic City
businessman interested in laundering several hundred thousand dollars in
illegally obtained gambling money. The agent met Clark.

"It did not take too long for (the FBI agent) to confirm that Clark was willing
to commit international financial crimes," the government's memorandum alleges.

During Clark's tape-recorded discussions with the FBI, he bragged about having a
number of contacts.

"Clark told the agent that he had met and was dealing with high administration
officials and Little Rock insiders, including a former Arkansas congressman
thrown out of office because of the House Bank check-kiting scandal," the
memorandum states.

"Clark bragged that as a result of these contacts, he was 'doing some deals' in
Little Rock and Washington involving insurance companies and the Small Business
Administration."

One supposed deal, according to the memorandum, involved using a charitable
foundation, a Special Small Business Investment Co. (SSBIC) and an insurance
company.

According to Clark's description, the memorandum says, an investor would
contribute up to $21 million to a charitable foundation, generating an immediate
tax write-off of almost $8 million for the investor.

"The foundation would then donate the money to an SSBIC, which would use the
money as the capital and surplus basis for loans from the Small Business
Administration," the memo states. The investor would then receive the investment
back - in 24 hours - and have no further obligations.

After outlining the supposed plan, Clark allegedly told the undercover FBI agent
that he could launder the money through an SSBIC that he was acquiring with
Jordan or one he held in partnership with Hale.

"Clark implied that those proposed transactions, through his contacts and the
contacts of the 'Arkansas boys,' would meet with swift approval from the SBA . .
.," the memorandum reads.

On June 2, 1993, an FBI undercover agent and Clark, anticipating that Hale would
accept the proposed deal, met in Hale's Little Rock office. Hale was accompanied
by a new lawyer.

"The new lawyer raised a number of questions about the source of Clark's money
and bristled at (the term) 'investor,' " the memorandum says.

"As the new lawyer understood it, (the undercover agent) was the 'donor' to the
charitable foundation and would have nothing to do with the SSBIC. The lawyer
objected that the term 'investor' suggested (the undercover agent) would have
some control over the loans generated by the 'investment,' a suggestion
dangerously close to an illegal 'circle.' "

"Of course, an illegal circle was exactly Clark's intention," the memorandum
alleges. "And with that fundamental misunderstanding, the deal fell apart."

The next day, according to the memorandum, Clark apologized to the undercover
agent for a "wasted trip."

The memorandum says Clark later told the undercover agent that "although Hale
was a 'player,' and had agreed to the scheme, the new lawyer's nosey questions
would not sit well . . . and the deal would have to be scuttled."

In August, Clark and Jordan set up an account at a Dallas bank where Jordan did
business and transferred $110,000 to the bank by wire, the indictment alleges.

Jordan, who controlled United Republic Life, an insurance company registered in
Utah, transferred $110,000 given him by the undercover agents to an account at
NationsBank in Dallas, according to the indictment.

It says Clark accepted an additional $100,000 in cash, which he allegedly
intended to launder in the same way. Then the undercover agents announced who
they were, and the scheme came to an end.

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO;

PHOTO (1)
1. David Hale is taken from federal court in Little Rock after admitting
fraud in getting $900,000 in U.S. funds in another case last March.
(Associated Press, SPENCER TIREY)

                  Copyright 1995 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              586 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                SEPTEMBER 24, 1998 Thursday CNEW JERSEY EDITION

STATE PLANS ACTION TO HALT MONEY LAUNDERERS / THE ATTORNEY GENERAL URGED
COORDINATION. THE DRUG TRADE IS A MAJOR SOURCE OF THE CRIME.

BYLINE: Suzette Parmley, INQUIRER TRENTON BUREAU

SECTION: SOUTH JERSEY; Pg. B01

LENGTH: 709 words

DATELINE: TRENTON


It will no longer be as cheap and easy to hide illegal money in New Jersey.

In an ambitious and far-reaching effort to crack down on a growing problem, the
state Attorney General's Office yesterday issued a series of recommendations to
curb money-laundering crimes.

Among its suggestions: Create a financial crimes investigative unit; set up an
elaborate financial crimes enforcement network through which law enforcement
agencies can compare and track data; and dole out stiffer penalties and fines to
money-launderers.

The Attorney General's Money Laundering Working Group prepared a 50-page report,
the state's response to an increasingly sophisticated crime.

Attorney General Peter Verniero said the report was a blueprint on how to better
achieve coordination among all levels of government and banking institutions to
combat the crime.

"We're trying to be proactive and preemptive with this report," Verniero said.
"It provides not only legislative initiatives, but proposals on the law
enforcement end. Whenever you're dealing with a criminal activity that does not
stop at one state border, enhanced cooperation among law enforcement divisions
is essential."

The report's key recommendations in achieving this coordination include:

* Creating a state financial investigations unit within the Division of Criminal
Justice.

* Improving monitoring of financial reports and transactions that are prepared
by banks.

* Improving access to federal information by local, county and state law
enforcement agencies.

* Establishing a liaison between the banking community and law enforcement
agencies.

State officials said New Jersey's proximity to New York, and to major ports,
airports and highways, such as I-95, makes it a magnet for illegal drug
activity. About 90 percent of money-laundering crimes are drug-related,
according to the report, because of the huge sums of money exchanged.

Money-laundering is defined under federal statutes as any activity aimed at
concealing illegal sources of money from law enforcement agents by thwarting
their efforts to trace its origin and by making the money appear legitimate.

Enactment of a law that would make laundering $500,000 or more a first-degree
felony was among the report's key legislative proposals. The offense would carry
a fine of up to $500,000 and a mandatory minimum prison term of 15 years. No
maximum prison term was specified in the report.

Under a 1994 law, an act of laundering $75,000 or more is classified as a
second-degree felony, allowing for a maximum sentence of 10 years in prison and
a fine of up to $100,000. An amount below $75,000 would be a third-degree
felony, carrying a maximum five years in prison and a fine of up to $7,500.

The report also called for requiring those convicted of money-laundering to
serve consecutive sentences; allowing wire taps of suspected money-laundering
operations; and excluding persons convicted in money-laundering schemes from
ever working in casinos.

The Money Laundering Working Group, formed in June, was asked by Gov. Whitman to
review existing laws and to find ways to strengthen the Money Laundering Act of
1994.

Whitman's chief counsel, John Farmer, said yesterday the governor supported the
report's findings and will work with lawmakers to implement the proposed
legislative changes.

The Money Laundering Act was passed when law enforcement agencies noticed a
steady rise in the crime and found they had few tools to deal with it.

In 1994, the year the bill was passed, there were two complaints of money-
laundering in the state, one of which led to an indictment.

Since then, the problem has spread. A total of 286 money-laundering complaints
have been filed with the Attorney General's Office in the last four years.

The complaints have resulted in 131 indictments, according to the report.

"We should move quickly to give law enforcement officers the tools they need to
go after the criminal offenders who rely on money-laundering to stay in
business," said Sen. Garry J. Furnari (D., Bergen), who along with Sen. Wayne
Bryant (D., Camden), is sponsor of a seven-bill package to combat money-
laundering that is currently in the Senate Judiciary Committee.

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1998 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              587 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                             May 19, 2012 Saturday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

Terror funds suspect busted in DMV forgery

BYLINE: BY Janon Fisher and Rocco Parascandola

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 180 words


A QUEENS man suspected of laundering money for the terror group Hezbollah now
faces forgery raps after cops found phony documents in his vehicle, prosecutors
said Friday.

Ali Elrida, 29, of Queens was busted in Greenwich Village Wednesday morning
after his

white GMC Yukon was hauled from Christopher St. for being parked near the PATH
train station with no license plates. In the vehicle, cops found a forged
temporary New Jersey registration, a forged Jersey City Police Department
parking placard and bank receipts for thousands of dollars in wire transfers, a
prosecutor said at Elrida's arraignment.

He was arrested after going to pick up the vehicle at the 6th Precinct
stationhouse.

Elrida, who was charged with possessing the forged registration and placard, is
the target of a federal probe investigating money laundering to Hezbollah, the
Shiite group with strong ties to Iran and Syria, the prosecutor said.

He is being held in lieu of $100,000 bail.

Elrida, who lives in Astoria, has previous federal convictions for money
laundering and counterfeiting, the prosecutor said.

LOAD-DATE: May 24, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: NLVL

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 Daily News, L.P.


                              588 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                           February 16, 2017 Thursday

27-year-old guy pleads guilty over gang movement that caused destruction in New
Haven

LENGTH: 440  words


A leader of a violent New Haven drug gang believed to be responsible for a half
dozen murders and drug distribution as far away as the state of Maine faces up
to life in prison after pleading guilty in federal court to drug dealing, money
laundering, murder and other crimes.

Keith Young, 27, of Hamden - who used the street names "Capo," "Bapo" and
"Pancho" - was one of the leaders of a gang called Red Side Guerilla Brims,
which was associated with the Bloods street gang. Young and five other gang
members are accused in a 34-count racketeering indictment of distributing crack
cocaine, laundering drug profits and protecting the business with six murders,
as well as a variety of assaults, robberies, gun crimes and other acts of
violence. Young is accused of being present at two of the six murders.

Over four months in 2011, Young and others in the gang are accused of laundering
more than $10,000 in profits derived from the sale of crack cocaine in the
Bangor, Maine area. The gang is also accused of trading drugs for guns in Maine.

Maine Gov. Paul LePage`s outspoken criticism of drug trafficking in Maine by
out-of-state gangs like the Red Side Guerilla Brims attracted attention across
the country last year. Gov. Dannel P. Malloy and the American Civil Liberties
Union suggested LePage was a racist when he complained that black and Hispanic
drug dealers from places like Waterbury and New York City and with names such as
"D-Money, Smoothie and Shifty" were poisoning his state.

Not long before LePage`s Waterbury remark, the Maine Drug enforcement Agency
seized two pounds of heroin from a Waterbury man who had driven it into Maine
and tried to escape by ramming his car into a van carrying police officers. It
was believed to have been the largest heroin seizure ever in Maine. "They come
up here, they sell their heroin, they go back home," LePage said last summer,
after a New York businessman accused him at a public forum of creating a racist
climate. "Incidentally, half the time they impregnate a young white girl before
they leave, which is a real sad thing, because then we have another issue we
have to deal with down the road."

LePage`s comments were reported by the The Portland Press Herald, which also
said LePage based his assertions on drug arrests tracked by his office and kept
in a dossier.

"I don`t ask them to come to Maine and sell their poison, but they come, and I
will tell you that 90-plus percent of those pictures in my book, and it`s a
three-ringed binder, are black and Hispanic people from Waterbury, Conn., the
Bronx and Brooklyn," the newspaper reported LePage as saying. 2017 Legal Monitor
Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2017 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              589 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 20, 2015 Friday

Washington: San Francisco Man and Company Indicted for Smuggling Sophisticated
Electrical Components to Russian Federation

LENGTH: 750  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

Russian émigré Pavel Semenovich Flider was arrested yesterday on charges that he
and corporate co-defendant Trident International Corporation, LLC, illegally
smuggled sophisticated electrical components out of the United States, and used
laundered funds to promote the scheme announced United States Attorney Melinda
Haag, U.S. Department of Commerce Acting Special Agent in Charge Joseph
Whitehead, U.S. Homeland Security Investigations Acting Special Agent in Charge
Tatum King, Federal Bureau of Investigation Special Agent in Charge David
Johnson, and U.S. Customs and Border Protection Director of Field Operations
Brian Humphrey. A federal grand jury in San Francisco indicted Flider and
Trident on March 5, 2015 with Smuggling Goods, Conspiracy to Commit
International Money Laundering, and Money Laundering. The indictment was
unsealed today in federal court.

According to the indictment, Flider, 65, of San Rafael, California, a Russian
national and naturalized citizen of the United States, served as the co-owner
and operator of Trident in San Francisco. He is alleged to have procured
electronic components from U.S. companies and smuggled them to Russia using
transshipment points in Estonia and Finland, in violation of U.S. export law. In
furtherance of the crime, Flider and Trident are alleged to have knowingly
submitted false and misleading export information on Shipper's Export
Declarations, an official document submitted to the Department of Homeland
Security in connection with export shipments from the U.S. Funds used to
purchase these electronic components came, at least in part, from transfers
received from foreign banks.

Many of the components alleged to have been wrongly smuggled into Russia were
controlled dual-use programmable computer chips capable of operating in austere
environments making them useful in both civilian and military applications. Wire
transfers that allegedly promoted the conspiracy totaled more than 60 million
dollars, and were received in San Francisco from banks located in a variety of
countries including the Czech Republic, Estonia, Latvia, Cyprus, and Hong Kong.
Flider has been charged with fifteen counts of smuggling of goods in violation
of 18 U.S.C. § § 554(a), one count of conspiracy to commit international money
laundering in violation of 18 U.S.C. § 1956(h) and ten counts of substantive
money laundering in violation of 18 U.S.C. § 1956(a)(2)(A). Trident has been
charged with the smuggling and money laundering charges. The indictment also
seeks forfeiture of Flider's and Trident's real and personal property connected
to the alleged crimes, including proceeds traceable to the alleged laundering
violations.

Flider was arrested in San Rafael, California on March 18, 2015, and made his
initial appearance in federal court in San Francisco this morning before the
Honorable Maria-Elena James, U.S. Magistrate Judge. Flider currently is being
held in federal custody pending a formal detention hearing on Monday, March 23,
2015 before Magistrate Judge James.

An indictment merely alleges that crimes have been committed, and all defendants
are presumed innocent until proven guilty beyond a reasonable doubt. If
convicted, Flider could face a maximum 20-year term of imprisonment for each
money laundering-related count, and a maximum 10-year sentence for each count of
smuggling. Additional periods of supervised release, fines, and special
assessments also could be imposed. Trident faces a maximum fine of $500,000 for
each money laundering count (or a fine of twice the value of the property used
in the transaction) and a maximum fine of $ 250,000 for each of the smuggling
counts. As with Flider, upon conviction Trident could be subject to additional
fines and assessments. Any sentence following conviction would be imposed by the
court after consideration of the U.S. Sentencing Guidelines and the federal
statute governing the imposition of a sentence, 18 U.S.C. § 3553.

Assistant U.S. Attorneys Philip Kearney and Arvon J. Perteet are prosecuting the
case with the assistance of Jacqueline Lovrin and Helen Yee. The prosecution is
the result of an investigation by the U.S. Department of Commerce, Homeland
Security Investigations, U.S. Customs and Border Protection, and the Federal
Bureau of Investigation.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com


LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              590 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                June 28, 1997, Saturday, SATURDAY SECOND EDITION

Quebec judge faces drug money laundering charge

BYLINE: By Sandro Contenta Toronto Star

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A10

LENGTH: 312 words

DATELINE: MONTREAL


   MONTREAL - A Quebec Superior Court judge has been charged with laundering
more than $1.6 million in drug money through a Swiss bank.

Justice Robert Flahiff, 50, will appear in court Aug. 27 to face six charges
linked to the laundering of $1,675,000 in small bills between January, 1989, and
June, 1991, according to court documents.

Flahiff, who has been on sick leave since January, was appointed to the bench by
Brian Mulroney on June 23, 1993 - the last day of the former prime minister's
term in office.

The charges are believed to be the most serious a Canadian judge has ever faced.

The money laundering is alleged to have occurred when Flahiff was working as a
lawyer. Another Montreal-area lawyer, Gerald Lavoie, is also charged in the
case.

Police first got on Flahiff's trail when a wealthy Quebec drug smuggler, Paul
Larue, was caught in a sting by United States police in 1993. Larue agreed to
become a police informant and is now serving a 17- year sentence in
Jacksonville, Fla., for drug smuggling.

In his confession to police, Larue said Flahiff defended him in a case involving
Revenue Canada. In 1989, Larue said he approached Flahiff and Lavoie with the
money laundering scheme because the two lawyers had highly placed contacts with
the Bank of Montreal.

Larue said he agreed to pay Flahiff 10 per cent of the $1.6 million as a fee for
laundering the money.

Rumors of Flahiff's involvement in a laundering scheme have been circulating in
legal circles ever since Larue's confession - which outlines Larue's extensive
life of crime - was used in a Quebec court to try nine drug smugglers in 1994.
The judge in that case immediately ordered a publication ban on the confession.

On Jan. 24, 1996, the RCMP searched Flahiff's former law offices in Montreal and
his judge's office.Quebec; laundering; charge

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1997 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              591 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                American Banker

                             March 23, 2007 Friday

In Brief: KPMG: Anti-Laundering Outlays to Rise

BYLINE: Will Wade

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY; Pg. 9 Vol. 172 No. 57

LENGTH: 211  words


Financial companies plan to boost their spending on anti-laundering technology
over the next year, according to a report KPMG LLC released Thursday.

Of the financial executives KPMG surveyed at a security conference last month,
51% said they plan to install an automated transaction monitoring system in the
next 12 months to spot potential money laundering, and 64% of the respondents
said they had installed some kind of anti-laundering system in the past 18
months. More than half said they expect to spend more on their systems.

The New York accounting and consulting company said that 68% of the respondents
are trying to find gaps in their transaction-monitoring systems.

KPMG surveyed banking, securities, and insurance executives at the Florida
International Bankers Association Annual AML Compliance Conference in Miami.

Regulatory demands and the ongoing growth of illegal financial activities are
driving the increased investments, KPMG said.

It is clear that senior management understands that they will need to continue
investing in automated AML transaction monitoring systems to meet regulatory
expectations, Antonio Pereira, a principal in KPMG's forensic services practice,
said in a press release.

http://www.americanbanker.com/ http://www.sourcemedia.com/

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: a


                        Copyright 2007 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              592 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 6, 2015 Friday

Arizona: Former Pharmacist Sentenced for Role in Drug Distribution Scheme and
Money Laundering

LENGTH: 757  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Justice has issued the following news release:

Former Pharmacist Sentenced for Role in Drug Distribution Scheme and Money
Laundering
U.S. Attorney's Office February 06, 2015

Eastern District of Michigan (313) 226-9100

A Dearborn pharmacist was sentenced yesterday to six years in prison for
conspiracy to illegally distribute prescription pills and money laundering, U.S.
Attorney Barbara L. McQuade announced today.

McQuade was joined in the announcement by Special Agent in Charge Jarod J.
Koopman, Internal Revenue Service Criminal Investigation and Special Agent in
Charge Marlon Miller, U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement's (ICE) Homeland
Security Investigations (HSI).

In March 2013, Waleed Yaghmour was charged with 43 others in a health care fraud
and drug distribution scheme. The indictment alleged that Sardar Ashrafkhan,
Deepak Kumar, John Check and David Vezzossi, who owned home health agencies,
provided kickbacks, bribes and other illegal benefits to physicians in exchange
for prescriptions for patients with Medicare, Medicaid and private insurance.
The prescriptions were for controlled substances including oxycodone
(Oxycontin), hydrocodone (Vicodin) and alprazolam (Xanax). Patient recruiters or
"marketers" would pay kickbacks and bribes to patients in exchange for the
patients' permitting the pharmacies and physicians to bill their insurers for
medications and services that were medically unnecessary and/or never provided.
During the conspiracy, prescriptions were presented to the Sav-Mart Pharmacy in
Detroit, which was owned and operated by Yaghmour, as well as several other
pharmacies.

In his guilty plea, Yaghmour, 48, admitted that he knew that the controlled
substances he dispensed for these fraudulent prescriptions had no legitimate
medical purposes. Yaghmour has admitted to dispensing at least 1,500 oxycodone
100,000 hydrocodone and 100,000 alprazolam doses as part of the scheme.

Yaghmour received nearly $2 million in cash payments for illegally dispensing
the controlled substances. Yaghmour has agreed to forfeit $973,177.87 that was
seized from an account that he maintained at HSBC Bank Middle East Limited,
Ramallah, Palestine.

"More people die in America every year from prescription drug overdoses than
from overdoses of all other drugs combined," McQuade said. "In addition,
prescription drug addiction has led to a resurgence in heroin use. Pharmacists
who divert prescription drugs to the street market are contributing to this
epidemic, and we are focusing our enforcement efforts on stopping them."

"We entrust physicians and healthcare providers with monitoring, caring, and
treating members of our community," said Miller. "When that trust is violated,
the integrity of the system is compromised and lives are put at risk. HSI will
continue to partner with the law enforcement community to ensure that
unscrupulous physicians and healthcare providers are brought to justice"

"The public rightfully expects that doctors and pharmacists will uphold the oath
that they take to "do no harm." When they abuse their professional license for
financial gain they put the public at risk, in this case by dispensing highly
addictive controlled substances. IRS Criminal Investigation's unique role in
these investigations is to follow the money trail in order to disrupt these
criminal drug organizations that diminish the quality of life in our
communities" said Jarod J. Koopman, Special Agent in Charge, IRS Criminal
Investigation.

Many of the defendants charged in the indictment have been convicted by pleas
and have been sentenced already. Others are scheduled to be sentenced in the
near future.

The case was investigated by special agents from the Internal Revenue Service
Criminal Investigation, the U.S. Immigration and Custom's Enforcement's
Department of Homeland Security Investigations, the Drug Enforcement
Administration, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, the Bureau of Alcohol
Firearms and Explosives, Detroit Police Dept., Portsmouth, Ohio, Police Dept.,
Scioto County Sheriff's Office, the Department of Health and Human Services
Office of Inspector General, and the Detroit Violent Crimes Task Force and
Michigan State Police. The case is being prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorneys
Terrence R. Haugabook, Michael Martin, and Wayne F. Pratt. They are assisted by
Assistant U.S. Attorneys Jonathan Grey and Gjon Juncaj of the Forfeiture
Section.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              593 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          Massachusetts Lawyers Weekly

                                 June 16, 2008

U.S. Supreme Court Case Summaries: June 16, 2008

BYLINE: MALW Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 589  words


Employment

Age discrimination - Retaliation

A federal employee who complains of age discrimination can bring a retaliation
claim under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act.

Gomez-Perez v. Potter (Lawyers USA No. 99310003) (Alito, J.) (Roberts, C.J.,
joined by Scalia and Thomas, JJ., dissenting) (Thomas, J., joined by Scalia, J.,
dissenting) (USSC) Certiorari to the 1st U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals (No.
06-1321) (May 27, 2008).

Employment

Retaliation -

Discriminatory treatment

An employee who lost his job after complaining about the discriminatory
treatment of another employee can bring a retaliation claim under 42 U.S.C.
§1981.

CBOCS West v. Humphries (Lawyers USA No. 99310004) (Breyer, J.) (Thomas, J.,
joined by Scalia, J., dissenting) (USSC) Certiorari to the 7th U.S. Circuit
Court of Appeals (No. 06-1431) (May 27, 2008).

Employment

Equal protection -

'Class of one'

A public employee cannot bring a "class of one" equal protection claim.

Engquist v. Oregon Department of Agriculture (Lawyers USA No. 99310067)
(Roberts, C.J.) (Stevens, J., joined by Souter and Ginsburg, JJ., dissenting)
(USSC) Certiorari to the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals (No. 07-474) (June 9,
2008).

Employment

Whistleblower -

False statement

A whistleblower suing under the False Claims Act must prove that the defendant
intended to make a false statement for the purpose of obtaining government
funding.

Allison Engine v. U.S. (Lawyers USA No. 99310066) (Alito, J.) (USSC) Certiorari
to the 6th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals (No. 07-214) (June 9, 2008).

Commercial

Money laundering - 'Proceeds'

The federal money laundering statute's ban on the use of "proceeds" from illegal
activity refers to the profits from such activity, not total receipts.

U.S. v. Santos (Lawyers USA No. 99310037) (Scalia, J.) (Stevens, J., concurring
in the judgment) (Breyer, J., dissenting) (Alito, J., joined by Roberts, C.J.,
and Kennedy and Breyer, JJ., dissenting) (USSC) Certiorari to the 7th U.S.
Circuit Court of Appeals (No. 06-1005) (June 2, 2008).

Commercial

Money laundering - Concealment

Merely concealing money during transport does not constitute "money laundering"
under the federal money laundering statute.

Cuellar v. U.S. (Lawyers USA No. 99310038) (Thomas, J.) (Alito, J., joined by
Roberts, C.J., and Kennedy, J., concurring) (USSC) Certiorari to the 5th U.S.
Circuit Court of Appeals (No. 06-1456) (June 2, 2008).

Patent and trademark

Exhaustion - Royalties

The doctrine of patent exhaustion prevents a company from seeking royalties from
anyone other than the direct purchaser of a patent when its components are
integrated into another product.

Quanta Computer v. LG Electronics (Lawyers USA No. 99310069) (Thomas J.) (USSC)
Certiorari to the U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit (No.
06-937) (June 9, 2008).

RICO

Mail fraud - Reliance

Reliance is not a necessary element of a mail fraud claim under the Racketeer
Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act.

Bridge v. Phoenix Bond & Indemnity (Lawyers USA No. 99310070) (Thomas, J.)
(USSC) Certiorari to the 7th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals (No. 07-210) (June 9,
2008).

Elections

Voting rights act -

Pre-clearance

The Voting Rights Act does not require a state to obtain pre-clearance for plans
to fill vacancies on a local commission by gubernatorial appointment rather than
through an election.

Riley v. Kennedy (Lawyers USA No. 99310002) (Ginsburg, J.) (Stevens, J., joined
by Souter, J., dissenting) (USSC) Appealed from the U.S. District Court for the
Middle District of Alabama (No. 07-77) (May 26, 2008).

LOAD-DATE: June 16, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              594 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                  Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal (Tupelo)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              June 29, 2012 Friday

Flashy forfeit sought from laundering plea

BYLINE: Patsy R. Brumfield, Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal, Tupelo

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 267 words


June 29--OXFORD --Guicci and Armani watches, plus $26,7545 in cash, are among
the government forfeits coming from a money laundering scheme.

Wednesday, the U.S. Attorney's Office in north Mississippi filed a forfeiture
complaint for goods once belonging to Danielle J. Williams of Bartlett, Tenn.

In late 2010, Williams admitted she structured 42 deposits totaling $316,550
through BankPlus of Hernando in increments of less than $10,000 to avoid federal
reporting laws.

She was sentenced to three years probation and $327,800 in restitution in 2011.

She admitted she structured the deposits for husband Walter Thomas "Thom"
Williams III, who also cut a plea deal to avoid 31 felony counts of wire fraud.

Danielle Williams said her deposits came from some $10 million her husband
embezzled from Verso Paper Corp. He was sentenced to 10 years in prison and full
restitution with interest.

Now, the government seeks forfeit from her of two Gucci watches, two Armani
watches, four other designer watches, a bracelet and a set of RT-brand silver
cufflinks with pink stones.

Her husband already agreed to forfeit all property derived from his illegal
acts.

In her plea deal, she agreed not to contest the civil forfeit of their Atlanta,
Ga., townhouse.

Typically, after the government gains forfeit approval from the court, the
seized property is sold and the money deposited into the U.S. Treasury.

patsy.brumfield@journalinc.com

___ (c)2012 the Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal (Tupelo, Miss.) Visit the
Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal (Tupelo, Miss.) at www.nems360.com
Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: June 29, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120629-TP-Flashy-forfeit-sought-from-laundering-plea-0629-20120629

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TP


               Copyright 2012 Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal


                              595 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily the Pak Banker

                             June 5, 2010 Saturday

USA: EDCOMM BANKER'S ACADEMY LAUNCHES PLATFORM PROFESSIONAL BSA AND AML TRAINING
FOR INDIVIDUALS

LENGTH: 307  words

DATELINE: Karachi


Karachi, June 05 -- Edcomm Banker's Academy has launched Platform Professional
Bank Secrecy Act (BSA) and Anti Money Laundering (AML) training program for
individuals looking to begin or advance their career in the financial services
industry, according to a press release issued here. The same great program that
has already been used by thousands of bank professionals, Focus on BSA/AML for
Platform Professionals gives individuals the knowledge, skills and certification
they need to prevent, detect and report money laundering.

The financial services industry has made significant strides in money laundering
detection and prevention. It is imperative that every employee at every
financial institution understands and follows the laws, regulations, policies
and procedures that guard against terrorist financing and other types of money
laundering. When banks are found non-compliant, they may face significant
penalties, including large fines and closure. When bank employees are found
non-compliant, they may be banned from the banking industry!

Focus on BSA/AML for Platform Professionals, from Edcomm Banker's Academy, is a
computer-based, distance learning program that teaches banking compliance for
platform professionals using easy-to-understand language in an interactive,
self-paced format. Focus on BSA/AML for Platform Professionals covers: Bank
Secrecy Act (BSA), Anti Money Laundering (AML), the red flags of money
laundering, USA PATRIOT Act and OFAC, among other topics. Upon completion of
Focus on BSA/AML for Platform Professionals, students will receive a Banker's
Academy BSA/AML Certification (BABSAC) to help advance their career in today's
industry Published by HT Syndication with permission from Daily Pak Banker. For
more information on news feed please contact Sarabjit Jagirdar at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 5, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              596 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                             The Guardian (London)

                               September 24, 1999

US unveils plans for crackdown on global money laundering;
New laws could help jail those behind the Bank of New York scandal

BYLINE: Jane Martinson in Washington

SECTION: Guardian Foreign Pages; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 645 words


Jane Martinson in Washington

Launching its most concerted effort to crack down on global money laundering,
the United States government yesterday announced proposals to expand domestic
and international laws that could make it easier to bring a successful
prosecution in the alleged scandal involving the Bank of New York and the
transfer of up to $ 15bn ( pounds 9.4bn).

Larry Summers, the treasury secretary, said: 'The attack on money laundering is
an essential front in the war on narcotics and the broader fight against
organised crime world wide.

'Money laundering may look like a polite form of white-collar crime, but it is
the companion of brutality, deceit and corruption.

'This strategy marks a new stage in the government's coordinated effort to
follow the money."

Among the proposals are an extension of American laws on the transfer of funds
from overseas accounts to the US to cover corrupt foreign officials. At present
US investigators cannot prosecute officials for sending stolen funds to the US.

The plan, which would give US investigators greater enforcement powers in
relation to both domestic and international crime, also calls on US officials to
increase the pressure on offshore and other 'lax jurisdictions" to adopt
stricter money laundering controls.

Stuart Eizenstat, deputy secretary of the US treasury, said a greater
international effort must be taken to 'turn the spotlight on rogue uncooperative
jurisdictions".

A newly formed steering group is to call on the International Monetary Fund, the
World Bank and the Group of Seven (G7) leading industrialised countries, all
meeting in Washington this week, to tighten their surveillance of, and rules
governing, money laundering, including the use of wire transfers.

The proposals are part of a broader strategy announced by the treasury and the
justice department to crack down on international financial crime, ranging from
arms and drugs trafficking to public corruption.

The strategy includes plans to force a range of financial institutions, such as
broker/ dealers and casinos, to file suspicious activity reports.

The case involving the Bank of New York began when Republic Bank of New York
filed a report to regulators about accounts in which there had been a flurry of
transactions in a limited amount of time.

There have been reports of tension between the investigators looking into the
Bank of New York case, and several more US banks have been identified as
possibly being involved in the case.

The case has also ben expanded to include alleged pilfering of funds from the
IMF.

According to reports yesterday in the newspaper USA Today, the head of Benex, a
company which is at the heart of the investigation, opened a number of bank
accounts at Fleet Financial Group, a Boston-based bank.

As much as $ 200m ( pounds 126m) is believed to have been transferred to Bank of
New York accounts from Fleet.

At least 10 US banks are understood to be conducting internal audits in
connection with the investigation, as well as European banks, including Barclays
of Britain, Deutsche Bank of Germany and UBS of Switzerland.

The US banks are believed to include JP Morgan and BankBoston. There have been
no allegations of criminal behaviour by any bank cited in the investigation.

Fleet declined to comment on the allegations yesterday.

US senators followed the house of representatives yesterday in questioning the
US administration and bankers involved in the alleged scandal.

Meanwhile, international investigators are understood to be looking into
offshore accounts held by Leonid Dyachenko, President Boris Yeltsin's son-in
-law.

The Bank of New York investigation, held on the Cayman Islands, is likely to
prove politically sensitive. Mr Dyachenko's wife, Tatyana, has an important role
in the Kremlin.


LOAD-DATE: September 24, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1999 Guardian Newspapers Limited


                              597 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          Rhode Island Lawyers Weekly

                                 June 16, 2008

U.S. Supreme Court Case Summaries: June 16, 2008

BYLINE: Rhode Island Lawyers Weekly Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 584  words


Commercial

Money laundering - Concealment

Merely concealing money during transport does not constitute "money laundering"
under the federal money laundering statute.

Cuellar v. U.S. (Lawyers USA No. 99310038) (Thomas, J.) (Alito, J., joined by
Roberts, C.J., and Kennedy, J., concurring) (USSC) Certiorari to the 5th U.S.
Circuit Court of Appeals (No. 06-1456) (June 2, 2008).

Money laundering - 'Proceeds'

The federal money laundering statute's ban on the use of "proceeds" from illegal
activity refers to the profits from such activity, not total receipts.

U.S. v. Santos (Lawyers USA No. 99310037) (Scalia, J.) (Stevens, J., concurring
in the judgment) (Breyer, J., dissenting) (Alito, J., joined by Roberts, C.J.,
and Kennedy and Breyer, JJ., dissenting) (USSC) Certiorari to the 7th U.S.
Circuit Court of Appeals (No. 06-1005) (June 2, 2008).

Elections

Voting rights act - Pre-clearance

The Voting Rights Act does not require a state to obtain pre-clearance for plans
to fill vacancies on a local commission by gubernatorial appointment rather than
through an election.

Riley v. Kennedy (Lawyers USA No. 99310002) (Ginsburg, J.) (Stevens, J., joined
by Souter, J., dissenting) (USSC) Appealed from the U.S. District Court for the
Middle District of Alabama (No. 07-77) (May 26, 2008).

Employment

Whistleblower - False statement

A whistleblower suing under the False Claims Act must prove that the defendant
intended to make a false statement for the purpose of obtaining government
funding.

Allison Engine v. U.S. (Lawyers USA No. 99310066) (Alito, J.) (USSC) Certiorari
to the 6th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals (No. 07-214) (June 9, 2008).

Equal protection - 'Class of one'

A public employee cannot bring a "class of one" equal protection claim.

Engquist v. Oregon Department of Agriculture (Lawyers USA No. 99310067)
(Roberts, C.J.) (Stevens, J., joined by Souter and Ginsburg, JJ., dissenting)
(USSC) Certiorari to the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals (No. 07-474) (June 9,
2008).

Retaliation - Discriminatory treatment

An employee who lost his job after complaining about the discriminatory
treatment of another employee can bring a retaliation claim under 42 U.S.C.
Sect. 1981.

CBOCS West v. Humphries (Lawyers USA No. 99310004) (Breyer, J.) (Thomas, J.,
joined by Scalia, J., dissenting) (USSC) Certiorari to the 7th U.S. Circuit
Court of Appeals (No. 06-1431) (May 27, 2008).

Age discrimination - Retaliation

A federal employee who complains of age discrimination can bring a retaliation
claim under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act.

Gomez-Perez v. Potter (Lawyers USA No. 99310003) (Alito, J.) (Roberts, C.J.,
joined by Scalia and Thomas, JJ., dissenting) (Thomas, J., joined by Scalia, J.,
dissenting) (USSC) Certiorari to the 1st U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals (No.
06-1321) (May 27, 2008).

Patent and trademark

Exhaustion - Royalties

The doctrine of patent exhaustion prevents a company from seeking royalties from
anyone other than the direct purchaser of a patent when its components are
integrated into another product.

Quanta Computer v. LG Electronics (Lawyers USA No. 99310069) (Thomas J.) (USSC)
Certiorari to the U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit (No.
06-937) (June 9, 2008).

RICO

Mail fraud - Reliance

Reliance is not a necessary element of a mail fraud claim under the Racketeer
Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act.

Bridge v. Phoenix Bond & Indemnity (Lawyers USA No. 99310070) (Thomas, J.)
(USSC) Certiorari to the 7th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals (No. 07-210) (June 9,
2008).

LOAD-DATE: June 16, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              598 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                             May 18, 2013 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

The prince, Picasso and a gambling scandal; Principality's big party in doubt
after billionaire's family linked to money laundering allegations

BYLINE: Henry Samuel, London Daily Telegraph

SECTION: ARTS & LIFE; Pg. E10

LENGTH: 375 words

DATELINE: MONACO


It has been billed as one of the most spectacular Picasso exhibitions in
history, with 150 works on display to mark the 40th anniversary of the master's
death.

Albert II, Prince of Monaco, his wife Charlene, the Princess of Monaco, and
sister Caroline, the Princess of Hanover, are due to open the event at a
star-studded launch early in July.

Now, however, the tiny principality could be on the point of pulling the plug on
the event because of a $100 million money laundering and illegal gambling
scandal that allegedly involves Russia's mafia and has engulfed the main
contributors' family.

Officially, the show - Monaco celebrates Picasso - will go on, but behind the
scenes a frantic debate has erupted over how to quell the rising scandal.

The trouble involves David Nahmad, a 65-year-old billionaire Monaco resident of
Syrian origin whose family has amassed what is considered to be the world's
largest private Picasso collection, and his son Hilley, 34, known as Helly, a
New York art dealer and friend of Hollywood stars including Leonardo DiCaprio.

On April 16, the FBI raided the family's Helly Nahmad Gallery inside the Carlyle
Hotel on Madison Avenue. Thirty-four people were then charged with racketeering,
extortion, money laundering and illegal gambling.

Among them was Helly, who was singled out in the indictment as one of the
leaders of a "high-stakes illegal gambling business run out of New York City and
Los Angeles that catered primarily to multimillionaire and billionaire clients."

The Russian crime boss Alimzhan Tokhtakhounov, indicted for rigging the figure
skating competition at the 2002 Salt Lake City Winter Olympics, is also indicted
in the case.

Tokhtakhounov and Helly Nahmad are accused of running separate gambling and
money laundering rings that worked together and spanned the U.S., Russia,
Ukraine and Cyprus.

David Nahmad is not charged. Helly Nahmad's lawyers have denied the charges and
suggest that the accusations boil down to plain gambling that does not
constitute a crime.

Regardless, the accusations have brought dismay in Monaco.

Nathalie Varley, of the Grimaldi Forum, insisted the show will go on.

"The events in New York have nothing to do with this exhibition. Preparations
are going ahead perfectly," she said.

LOAD-DATE: May 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Jeff Pachoud,  AFP, Getty Images; Prince Albert II of Monaco.;

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2013 The Vancouver Sun, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              599 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 April 26, 1990, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

House Passes Bank Bill On Money Laundering

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section D; Page 2, Column 5; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 427 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, April 25


The House voted today to set up a process that would allow the Government to
close banks and savings and loans convicted of laundering drug money.

But it bowed to intense opposition from the Bush Administration, the Federal
Reserve Board and the banking industry in refusing to make banks and savings
institutions keep records on the most widely used method of laundering money.

Closing Not Automatic

Under the bill, regulators would be authorized to revoke a bank or savings
institution's charter and lift its Federal deposit insurance if the institution
or its officials were convicted of money laundering. But the closing would not
be automatic.

In weighing the bank's future, regulators would have to consider the extent to
which it had cooperated with investigators and whether it had adopted measures
to avoid laundering in the future.

The House, on a 406-to-0 vote, approved a bill its sponsors said would impose
''the death penalty'' of being put out of business on banks laundering drug
money. It rejected, by 283 to 127, a measure to require the Treasury Department
to test a project requiring banks to keep records of international wire
transfers.

'A Huge and Gaping Loophole'

''We're leaving a huge and gaping loophole in this bill,'' said Representative
Charles E. Schumer, Democrat of Brooklyn. ''We're telling the drug lords to
transfer this way because if you do it by wire, you won't be affected.''

Opponents of the measure - which would have required targeted banks to keep
records of the names, addresses and account numbers of parties on both sides of
a wire transfer -had said it would impose a new paperwork burden costing up to
$350 million a year.

''There's nothing more emotional than the issue of trying to punish those
involved in drugs,'' said Representative Doug Barnard Jr., Democrat of Georgia.
But, he added, ''This, while very well meaning, is overkill.'' $110 Billion
Laundered Annually The legislation is aimed at addressing the $110 billion in
United States cash drug transactions that the Treasury Department estimates
continues to be laundered through the world financial system every year despite
laws in 1979, 1986 and 1988 aimed at stopping it.

''We put the street dealer in jail and we put the drug kingpin in the
penitentiary, but no one has found a way to imprison a bank,'' said the bill's
chief author, Representative Frank Annunzio, Democrat of Illinois.

A similar measure has been introduced in the Senate and has received widespread
support. It could be adopted as early as this summer.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1990 The New York Times Company


                              600 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 16, 2016 Friday

Final Defendant Sentenced in Marijuana Distribution and Money Laundering Case

LENGTH: 385  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office for the United States Attorneys, Western District of
Wisconsin has issued the following news release:



  John W. Vaudreuil, United States Attorney for the Western District of
Wisconsin, announced that Loc Bui, 43, Portland, Ore., was sentenced today by
U.S. District Judge William M. Conley to 54 months in federal prison for money
laundering and conspiracy to distribute marijuana.  Judge Conley also imposed a
$10,000 fine.  Bui pled guilty to this offense on September 14, 2016.





 Bui is the sixth and final defendant to be sentenced in this Oregon-based
marijuana distribution and money laundering scheme.  The investigation showed
that the defendants shipped parcels containing, in total, more than 700 pounds
of marijuana from Oregon to locations throughout the United States and laundered
more than $2.5 million in marijuana proceeds through U.S. banks.



 When Bui, once a successful businessman, blamed a poor economy for his choice
in getting involved in the marijuana distribution scheme, Judge Conley stated
that it was "not a legitimate option for a business person to choose criminal
activity" in difficult economic circumstances.  Further, Judge Conley indicated
that he imposed the severe sentence to deter others in states where state laws
permit marijuana distribution from being tempted to earn easy money by
distributing marijuana to other states.



 The five defendants who were charged with Bui and were previously sentenced
before Judge Conley as detailed below:



     Stevenson Tran, 24, Portland, was sentenced to 15 months in prison;

     Quan Tran, 36, Portland, was sentenced to 3 years of probation;

     Thay Kah Danh, 34, Madison, Wis., was sentenced to 6 months in prison;

     Peter Nguyen, 36, Portland, Ore., was sentenced to 21 months in prison; and


     Kyle Lux, 28, Madison, was sentenced to 30 months in prison.



 The investigation into this conspiracy was conducted by the U.S. Postal
Inspection Service; Wisconsin Department of Justice, Division of Criminal
Investigation; IRS Criminal Investigation; and Drug Enforcement Administration.
The prosecution of this case was handled by Assistant U.S. Attorney Timothy M.
O'Shea.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              601 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           August 28, 2013 Wednesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Casino Settles in Money-Laundering Inquiry

BYLINE: By MICHAEL LUO

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; National Desk; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 415 words


The Las Vegas Sands Corporation, the casino company controlled by Sheldon G.
Adelson, a major Republican donor, has agreed to pay the federal government more
than $47 million to resolve a money-laundering investigation that cast an
unwanted glare on Mr. Adelson and his gambling empire during the presidential
campaign last year.

The agreement with the United States attorney's office in Los Angeles, announced
on Tuesday, means the Sands will not be prosecuted in the case. It ends one of
two federal inquiries that came into public view last year when Mr. Adelson was
becoming the biggest single political donor in history, donating tens of
millions in support of several Republican presidential candidates.

The money-laundering investigation was reported last year by The Wall Street
Journal. (A separate federal investigation examining whether the company
violated federal laws against bribing foreign officials with its business
activities in China is continuing.)

The money that the Sands agreed to pay the government represents the amount it
received from Zhenli Ye Gon, a Chinese businessman with a pharmaceutical company
in Mexico who was at the time the biggest all-cash gambler in the history of the
Venetian, the Sands' flagship casino resort in Las Vegas.

Mr. Ye Gon was indicted in 2007 on federal drug charges. Those charges were
dismissed, but he has remained in federal custody pending an extradition request
to Mexico, where prosecutors are seeking to pursue drug charges against him.

The agreement with the Sands lays out a list of failures by the company's
compliance personnel to vet Mr. Ye Gon and the source of his money after he
transferred tens of millions to the Sands between 2005 and 2007 from multiple
currency exchange houses in Mexico, according to federal prosecutors. Mr. Ye Gon
even told casino employees that he preferred to wire the cash in smaller
installments ''because he did not want the government to know about these
transfers,'' the agreement said.

The Sands acknowledged in the agreement that while it believed it had been
complying with federal laws, the company failed to ''fully appreciate the
suspicious nature of the information'' coming from Mr. Ye Gon and should have
done more to alert the authorities about him.

Federal prosecutors cited the Sands' ''voluntary and complete disclosure'' of
its activities involving Mr. Ye Gon, as well as the company's ''extensive''
cooperation in the investigation, as the basis for the agreement not to
prosecute.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com/2013/08/28/us/las-vegas-casino-settles-in-money-
laundering-inquiry.html

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 The New York Times Company


                              602 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           September 6, 2003 Saturday
                              Late Edition - Final

Guilty Plea Linked to M.T.A. Office Project

BYLINE:  By WILLIAM GLABERSON

SECTION: Section B; Column 4; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 349 words


The owner of a New Jersey check-cashing service with Mafia ties pleaded guilty
yesterday to laundering money for people who had defrauded the Metropolitan
Transportation Authority in the renovation of its problem-plagued Manhattan
office tower.

Prosecutors in Brooklyn and Manhattan have been investigating corruption at the
renovation project, a glass and steel tower at 2 Broadway, which is more than
$300 million over budget. Seven people have already pleaded guilty to fraud,
money laundering and other charges.

Roslynn R. Mauskopf, the United States attorney in Brooklyn, said yesterday's
guilty plea "reveals for the first time the insidious connections between
organized crime and the massive fraud against the M.T.A. at 2 Broadway." But the
prosecutors did not say that the mob was involved in the renovation project.

The man who pleaded guilty yesterday, Robert Santoro, 54, of Allenhurst, N.J.,
was convicted separately last year of laundering money for the Genovese crime
family through a Jersey City business, City Check Cashing, of which he is an
owner. Prosecutors described him as an associate of the Genovese family.

Yesterday, prosecutors said Mr. Santoro had also laundered millions of dollars
for people who defrauded the transportation authority. In earlier guilty pleas,
the developer on the project, Frederick Contini, and others, acknowledged
billing the authority for nonexistent workers.

The federal prosecutors in Brooklyn said that in exchange for a percentage, Mr.
Santoro cashed checks that were intended to pay for operators of construction
elevators at the site. The prosecutors said the transportation authority was
billed $14.3 million for the elevator operators, many millions of dollars more
than what was actually spent.

Yesterday, Mr. Santoro told Judge I. Leo Glasser of Federal Court in Brooklyn,
"I basically did close my eyes" to the probability that some illegality was
involved in the cashing of the large checks.

Mr. Santoro faces up to eight years in prison at his sentencing on Oct. 22,
because of yesterday's guilty plea and his earlier conviction.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2003 The New York Times Company


                              603 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 28, 2015 Monday

Washington: Ukrainian National Extradited from Poland to Face Charges Related to
$10 Million Cyber Money Laundering Operation

LENGTH: 506  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Federal Bureau of Investigation has issued the following news
release:



 A Ukrainian national made his initial appearance today in federal court in
Charlotte, North Carolina, after being extradited from Poland to face charges
relating to a $10 million international money laundering operation, announced
Assistant Attorney General Leslie R. Caldwell of the Justice Department's
Criminal Division, U.S. Attorney Jill Westmoreland Rose of the Western District
of North Carolina and Special Agent in Charge John A. Strong of the FBI's
Charlotte Division.





 Viktor Chostak, 34, of Ukraine, along with three other individuals, are charged
in a 25-count indictment with conspiracy to commit money laundering, eleven
counts of money laundering, conspiracy to commit computer fraud, conspiracy to
transport stolen property, conspiracy to commit access device fraud, four counts
of transporting stolen property and six counts of aggravated identity theft.



 According to a redacted version of the indictment unsealed today, beginning in
September 2007, Chostak and three other conspirators were members of an
international money laundering organization. The organization created and
operated a sophisticated online infrastructure that allowed hackers to obtain
and conceal stolen money, primarily from U.S. companies' bank accounts, and
transfer it to countries outside the United States. The organization created
seemingly legitimate websites for fake companies, then sent spam e-mails
advertising employment opportunities. When an individual responded to the spam
solicitations, the organization put the applicant through what appeared to be a
legitimate hiring process. The organization falsely represented that the
individual's job was to receive payments from businesses into their personal
bank accounts, withdraw the money, then wire the funds to the company's partners
overseas. In reality, the individuals merely acted as money mules, processing
hackers' stolen proceeds and wiring them out of the country to other
conspirators. The organization allegedly laundered at least $10 million in
stolen money from the United States overseas.



 According to the indictment, Chostak recruited, hired and managed others who
oversaw the money mule operations. Chostak also allegedly worked with computer
programmers to meet the needs of the organization's online infrastructure.



 An indictment is merely an allegation and the defendants are presumed innocent
unless and until proven guilty beyond a reasonable doubt in a court of law.



 The case is being investigated by the FBI's Charlotte Division. The Criminal
Division's Office of International Affairs also provided assistance. The case is
being prosecuted by Trial Attorneys Jocelyn Aqua and Ryan K. Dickey of the
Criminal Division's Computer Crime and Intellectual Property Section, and
Assistant U.S. Attorney Kevin Zolot of the Western District of North Carolina.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              604 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 28, 2015 Monday

Washington: Ukrainian National Extradited from Poland to Face Charges Related to
$10 Million Cyber Money Laundering Operation

LENGTH: 506  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Federal Bureau of Investigation has issued the following news
release:



 A Ukrainian national made his initial appearance today in federal court in
Charlotte, North Carolina, after being extradited from Poland to face charges
relating to a $10 million international money laundering operation, announced
Assistant Attorney General Leslie R. Caldwell of the Justice Department's
Criminal Division, U.S. Attorney Jill Westmoreland Rose of the Western District
of North Carolina and Special Agent in Charge John A. Strong of the FBI's
Charlotte Division.





 Viktor Chostak, 34, of Ukraine, along with three other individuals, are charged
in a 25-count indictment with conspiracy to commit money laundering, eleven
counts of money laundering, conspiracy to commit computer fraud, conspiracy to
transport stolen property, conspiracy to commit access device fraud, four counts
of transporting stolen property and six counts of aggravated identity theft.



 According to a redacted version of the indictment unsealed today, beginning in
September 2007, Chostak and three other conspirators were members of an
international money laundering organization. The organization created and
operated a sophisticated online infrastructure that allowed hackers to obtain
and conceal stolen money, primarily from U.S. companies' bank accounts, and
transfer it to countries outside the United States. The organization created
seemingly legitimate websites for fake companies, then sent spam e-mails
advertising employment opportunities. When an individual responded to the spam
solicitations, the organization put the applicant through what appeared to be a
legitimate hiring process. The organization falsely represented that the
individual's job was to receive payments from businesses into their personal
bank accounts, withdraw the money, then wire the funds to the company's partners
overseas. In reality, the individuals merely acted as money mules, processing
hackers' stolen proceeds and wiring them out of the country to other
conspirators. The organization allegedly laundered at least $10 million in
stolen money from the United States overseas.



 According to the indictment, Chostak recruited, hired and managed others who
oversaw the money mule operations. Chostak also allegedly worked with computer
programmers to meet the needs of the organization's online infrastructure.



 An indictment is merely an allegation and the defendants are presumed innocent
unless and until proven guilty beyond a reasonable doubt in a court of law.



 The case is being investigated by the FBI's Charlotte Division. The Criminal
Division's Office of International Affairs also provided assistance. The case is
being prosecuted by Trial Attorneys Jocelyn Aqua and Ryan K. Dickey of the
Criminal Division's Computer Crime and Intellectual Property Section, and
Assistant U.S. Attorney Kevin Zolot of the Western District of North Carolina.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              605 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Victoria Advocate (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           January 27, 2011 Thursday

BRIEF: Couple arrested on money laundering charges with 2-year-old son in
vehicle

BYLINE: Kayla Bell, Victoria Advocate, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 233 words


Jan. 27--The Texas Department of Public Safety arrested a husband and wife on
suspicion of felony money laundering about 2 p.m. Tuesday.

Troopers pulled over a 2006 Ford Expedition that was southbound on U.S. Highway
77 just south of Fleming Prairie Road for following too closely and a car safety
seat violation, said DPS spokesman Trooper Gerald Bryant.

The McAllen couple -- Ricardo Cantu Jr., 32, and Evelia Marquez-Cantu, 33 -- had
their 2-year-old son with them, Bryant said.

After noticing signs of criminal activity, troopers gained consent to search the
vehicle. The suspects and troopers were en route to conduct the search in a safe
location, when the couple threw two bundles out the window, Bryant said.

Those bundles and a bundle found in the vehicle's center console contained cash
totaling $29,840 that was wrapped in rubber bands and in a food saver bag,
Bryant said.

The couple, who was traveling from Houston to McAllen, was taken to the Victoria
County Jail.

Their son was released to Child Protective Services, Bryant said.

Sponsored Links

To see more of Victoria Advocate, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.thevictoriaadvocate.com. Copyright (c) 2011, Victoria Advocate, Texas
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110127-VI-BRF-Couple-arrested-on-money-laundering
-charges-with-2-year-old-son-in-vehicle-0127-20110127

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: VI


                        Copyright 2011 Victoria Advocate


                              606 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                  June 5, 2001 Tuesday Five Star Lift Edition

GIBSON WILL FACE CHARGES TODAY IN FEDERAL COURT;
 THEY INCLUDE FRAUD, MONEY-LAUNDERING COUNTS

BYLINE: Michael Shaw Of The Post-Dispatch

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B2

LENGTH: 184 words


James R. Gibson, accused in a trust fund swindle, has been returned to the St.
Louis area and will be arraigned this morning in federal court in East St. Louis
on fraud and money-laundering charges.

Gibson, 56, formerly of Belleville, was returned here Friday and is being held
at the St. Clair County Jail in Belleville.

He had been held in Miami since he was arrested May 10 after being expelled by
Belize. He had been living on a yacht since 1999.

Gibson is charged with mail and wire fraud, conspiracy to commit mail and wire
fraud and conspiracy to commit money laundering.

Authorities said he swindled as many as 140 St. Louis-area clients out of trust
funds they had established with his company, SBU Inc. Most were accident victims
who won court settlements or jury verdicts and many were relatives of victims
who had lost their lives.

An arraignment is a formal reading of charges and an opportunity to enter a
plea, Assistant U.S. Attorney Hal Goldsmith said. Gibson will also be allowed to
state whether he wants to challenge a magistrate's ruling in Florida denying him
bond.

LOAD-DATE: June 5, 2001

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 2001 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              607 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                          China Daily - Africa Weekly

                                 July 28, 2015

Central bank increases effort to combat money laundering

BYLINE: Zheng Yangpeng

LENGTH: 497  words


China's central bank and other government agencies have vowed to step up efforts
to combat money laundering, following recent high-profile cases.

Ministries, Supreme People's Court promise to work together more

China's central bank and other government agencies have vowed to step up efforts
to combat money laundering, following recent high-profile cases.

A statement on the People's Bank of China website on Monday said that an
inter-ministerial meeting led by the bank to discuss combating illegal money
transfers was held in Beijing on Friday.

Guo Qingping, a vice-governor of the bank, delivered a report on China's
anti-money-laundering efforts and outlined further plans.

To improve the effectiveness of such work, delegates attending the meeting from
more than 20 departments, including the Ministry of Public Security and the
Supreme People's Court, agreed to strengthen inter-ministerial coordination.

They also agreed to focus on addressing the "institutional roots" of the problem
and to step up efforts in the nonfinancial sector.

They decided to set up a statistics system to combat money laundering and to
increase surveillance on such crimes being committed through the Internet.

The meeting followed several high-profile cases involving Chinese banks'
overseas branches.

In June, Italian prosecutors accused Bank of China, the country's fourth-largest
State-owned lender, along with 297 individuals - mostly Chinese citizens living
in Italy - of transferring about $5.1 billion earned illegally there to China.

They alleged that nearly half of the money was transferred between 2006 and 2010
through the bank's Milan branch.

Bank of China later said it had ordered all overseas branches to strictly follow
the financial regulations of China and the countries in which it operates, and
that all its business "must be legal".

In another case, the US Federal Reserve told China Construction Bank to
strengthen its anti-money-laundering framework, the first such action by the US
central bank against one of China's four largest State-owned banks.

China Construction Bank has not yet responded publicly.

Last week's inter-ministerial meeting also examined a working plan for China to
submit its evaluation of anti-money-laundering efforts and terrorist financing
at the request of the Financial Action Task Force.

China is a member of this body, an intergovernmental organization that develops
and promotes policies to combat money laundering.

Stanley Lubman, a lecturer at the School of Law at the University of California,
Berkeley, wrote in an article, "As China's international economic relations
continue to expand, China must be willing to cooperate to detect and punish
cross-border crimes that are multiplying."

He also noted that when foreign authorities investigating money laundering cases
seek cooperation from Chinese banks, they often encounter difficulties such as
"inconsistent cooperation, incompatible legal systems and China's secrecy laws".

zhengyangpeng@chinadaily.com.cn

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1497


                    Copyright 2015 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              608 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                             July 28, 2015 Tuesday

Central bank increases effort to combat money laundering

BYLINE: Zheng Yangpeng

LENGTH: 497  words


China's central bank and other government agencies have vowed to step up efforts
to combat money laundering, following recent high-profile cases.

Ministries, Supreme People's Court promise to work together more

China's central bank and other government agencies have vowed to step up efforts
to combat money laundering, following recent high-profile cases.

A statement on the People's Bank of China website on Monday said that an
inter-ministerial meeting led by the bank to discuss combating illegal money
transfers was held in Beijing on Friday.

Guo Qingping, a vice-governor of the bank, delivered a report on China's
anti-money-laundering efforts and outlined further plans.

To improve the effectiveness of such work, delegates attending the meeting from
more than 20 departments, including the Ministry of Public Security and the
Supreme People's Court, agreed to strengthen inter-ministerial coordination.

They also agreed to focus on addressing the "institutional roots" of the problem
and to step up efforts in the nonfinancial sector.

They decided to set up a statistics system to combat money laundering and to
increase surveillance on such crimes being committed through the Internet.

The meeting followed several high-profile cases involving Chinese banks'
overseas branches.

In June, Italian prosecutors accused Bank of China, the country's fourth-largest
State-owned lender, along with 297 individuals - mostly Chinese citizens living
in Italy - of transferring about $5.1 billion earned illegally there to China.

They alleged that nearly half of the money was transferred between 2006 and 2010
through the bank's Milan branch.

Bank of China later said it had ordered all overseas branches to strictly follow
the financial regulations of China and the countries in which it operates, and
that all its business "must be legal".

In another case, the US Federal Reserve told China Construction Bank to
strengthen its anti-money-laundering framework, the first such action by the US
central bank against one of China's four largest State-owned banks.

China Construction Bank has not yet responded publicly.

Last week's inter-ministerial meeting also examined a working plan for China to
submit its evaluation of anti-money-laundering efforts and terrorist financing
at the request of the Financial Action Task Force.

China is a member of this body, an intergovernmental organization that develops
and promotes policies to combat money laundering.

Stanley Lubman, a lecturer at the School of Law at the University of California,
Berkeley, wrote in an article, "As China's international economic relations
continue to expand, China must be willing to cooperate to detect and punish
cross-border crimes that are multiplying."

He also noted that when foreign authorities investigating money laundering cases
seek cooperation from Chinese banks, they often encounter difficulties such as
"inconsistent cooperation, incompatible legal systems and China's secrecy laws".

zhengyangpeng@chinadaily.com.cn

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2015 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              609 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                The Berkshire Eagle (Pittsfield, Massachusetts)

                             June 16, 2005 Thursday

Drug ring overseer sentenced to prison

BYLINE: Rich Azzopardi, Berkshire Eagle Staff

SECTION: HEADLINES

LENGTH: 517 words


The "kingpin" of a drug ring that authorities said brought more than a ton of
marijuana into Berkshire County has been sentenced to serve more than 15 years
in federal prison.

Thomas Overbaugh, 43, of Hancock was sentenced to 15 years and eight months
behind bars on charges of conspiracy to possess with the intent to distribute
and distribution of marijuana, conspiracy to commit money laundering and money
laundering.

The sentence was levied by Judge Thomas J. McAvoy in U.S. District Court in
Albany, N.Y., on Tuesday, according to a statement by the U.S. Department of
Justice.

Money-laundering charges

Overbaugh's longtime companion, Kimberly Mitchell, 39, was ordered to serve 18
months in prison on money-laundering charges.

Overbaugh, the owner of Taconic Valley Trucking on East Street in Pittsfield,
was the head of a syndicate that transported more than one ton of marijuana from
Arizona to Berkshire County between 1985 and 2002, police said.

Before crossing the Massachusetts border, the drugs were taken to a rented stash
house on Route 20 in New Lebanon, N.Y., where the quantities were broken down
and sold to midlevel dealers in Berkshire County, police previously said.

The day-to-day operation of the drug ring was run by an underling who paid
kickbacks to Overbaugh in the form of rent payments for a house owned by the
defendant at 57 Nora Way, Stephentown, N.Y. Overbaugh and Mitchell were
themselves renting a home at 5 Babcock Road in Hancock at the time they were
charged.

Federal authorities estimated that Overbaugh made $7 million during the course
of the operation, an amount that he is obligated to pay to the court under the
terms of his sentencing.

Police said Overbaugh used his trucking business to launder much of that money.
The business is no longer in operation and its assets are under federal
forfeiture proceedings, said state police Lt. Joseph McDyer, coordinator of the
Berkshire County Drug Task Force.

Property forfeited

As part of their pleas, Overbaugh and Mitchell forfeited $1.1 million worth of
property -- including the Stephentown residence, land in Columbia County, N.Y.,
and assets in Arizona -- cash, vehicles, jewelry and other assets, prosecutors
said.

Both were also placed on five years' probation.

Mitchell is scheduled to turn herself over to U.S. marshals and begin her
sentence July 26, Assistant U.S. Attorney Richard S. Hartunian said.

The drug task force began to investigate Overbaugh in 1990. As the scope of the
operation became clearer, New York State Police and the federal Drug Enforcement
Administration became involved.

"[Overbaugh] was the kingpin," McDyer said. "This was the guy we were waiting
for, and he got 15 and a half. We're happy with that."

Overbaugh and Mitchell both pleaded guilty to the charges on Sept. 30, 2003, as
they were in the middle of their respective trials.

Counting those two, 19 people were brought up on federal charges in connection
with the operation.

Rich Azzopardi can be reached at razzopardi@berkshireeagle.comor at [413]
496-6249.

LOAD-DATE: June 17, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

   Copyright 2005 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.


                              610 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    December 9, 1996, Monday, FINAL EDITION

Money cheats take world to the cleaners

BYLINE: Bruce Rosenstein

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 13B

LENGTH: 1088 words


Perhaps the cover should be plastered with a warning sticker:
Don't try this at home.

In providing a clear, precise explanation and history of money
laundering in The Laundrymen: Inside Money Laundering, The
World's Third-Largest Business, veteran business author Jeffrey
Robinson has written what nearly amounts to a textbook on the
transformation of ill-gotten gains, usually in cash, into seemingly
legal currency.

He points out that what makes it such a tough problem is that
it spans the globe but is not illegal everywhere. Although the
situation is portrayed as nearly hopeless, the reader is saved
from despair by Robinson's wry, witty writing and the fast-paced
quality of his story.

Toss a dart at a wall map of the world and you're likely to hit
a hot spot for money laundering.

Some current favorites: Mexico, Russia, South Africa, Canada,
Turkey and various Caribbean islands.

And despite tougher rules and enforcement, it still thrives in
the USA.

Although funds are laundered from the proceeds of prostitution,
gambling, tax-dodging, fraud and extortion, Robinson says most
of the worldwide money laundering total, which he estimates at
$ 200 billion to $ 500 billion annually, comes from drug trafficking.

Colombian cartels, the Mafia and Russian gangsters are among the
most active participants. What does the future hold? Money laundering
at the touch of a finger, by misuse of smart cards and the Internet.

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W; THE LAUNDRYMEN (Book cover)

TYPE: MONEY BOOKSHELF

                      Copyright 1996 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              611 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The New Zealand Herald

                            November 26, 2010 Friday

Former House leader guilty

SECTION: NEWS; World

LENGTH: 314 words


AUSTIN - Former United States House Majority Leader Tom DeLay _ once one of the
most powerful and feared Republicans in Congress _ was convicted yesterday on
charges that he illegally funnelled corporate money to Texas candidates in 2002.

Jurors deliberated for 19 hours before returning guilty verdicts against DeLay
on charges of money laundering and conspiracy to commit money laundering.

He faces up to life in prison on the money laundering charge.

Prosecutors said DeLay, who once held the No 2 job in the House of
Representatives and whose heavy-handed style earned him the nickname "the
Hammer", used his political action committee to illegally channel US$190,000
($250,880) in corporate donations into 2002 Texas legislative races through a
money swap.

DeLay and his lawyers maintained the former Houston-area congressman did nothing
wrong as no corporate funds went to Texas candidates and the money swap was
legal.

The verdict came after a three-week trial in which prosecutors presented more
than 30 witnesses and volumes of emails and other documents.

DeLay's lawyers presented five witnesses.

Prosecutors said DeLay conspired with two associates, John Colyandro and Jim
Ellis, to use his Texas-based PAC to send US$190,000 in corporate money to an
arm of the Washington-based Republican National Committee, or RNC.

The RNC then sent the same amount to seven Texas House candidates.

Under Texas law, corporate money can't go directly to political campaigns.

Prosecutors claim the money helped Republicans take control of the Texas House.

That enabled the GOP majority to push through a DeLay-engineered congressional
redistricting plan that sent more Texas Republicans to Congress in 2004 _ and
strengthened DeLay's political power.

DeLay's attorneys argued the money swap resulted in the seven candidates getting
donations from individuals, which they could legally use in Texas.

- AP

LOAD-DATE: November 25, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 The New Zealand Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              612 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                September 6, 1991, Friday, Late Edition - Final

Six B.C.C.I. Officials Are Indicted

BYLINE: By STEPHEN LABATON,  Special to The New York Times

SECTION: Section D; Page 1; Column 3; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 725 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Sept. 5


The Justice Department today unsealed the indictment of six officials of the
Bank of Credit and Commerce International and a reputed leader of the Medellin
drug cartel on charges that they had used the bank for six years to launder
millions of dollars of cocaine profits.

Officials at the Justice Department have been widely criticized for not moving
quickly against the bank, and today's indictment was viewed by some as an effort
to seize the offensive.

"Today's indictment should have occurred two or three years ago," said
Representative Charles E. Schumer, Democrat of Brooklyn, who released a report
today that criticized Federal law enforcement officials for failing to
investigate the bank aggressively. "It comes from material that lay fallow for a
couple of years."

'Corporate Policy'

But some experts said the case was nonetheless significant as the clearest
evidence so far that prosecutors believe that corruption and the laundering of
drug money had reached the highest levels of the bank.

"If they have a strong legal case, it means that the top-level people in the
bank were involved in laundering drug money," said John Moscow, the investigator
who has headed the prosecution of B.C.C.I. by the Manhattan District Attorney's
office. "Before, the claim was that drug laundering was done by lower-level
guys."

Douglas Tillet, a spokesman for the Justice Department, said the indictment
"characterizes money laundering as a corporate policy of B.C.C.I."

The indictment was handed up two weeks ago and unsealed by the United States
Attorney in Tampa, Fla., today. Earler, French authorities arrested the former
treasurer of the bank, Syed Ziauddin Akbar, in Calais. Mr. Akbar is a defendant
in the case, which names the bank not as a defendant but as a "racketeering
enterprise" through which the defendants are said to have laundered drug profits
from 1983 through 1989.

Mr. Akbar is also a senior executive and controlling shareholder of Capcom
Financial Services, a trading company based in London that does business in the
United States. Authorities assert that it was used by the former Panamanian
dictator, Manuel Antonio Noriega, and his family to conceal drug profits. Jury
selection in the Federal case against Mr. Noriega began today in Miami.

Defendants Are Scattered

But Federal authorities acknowledged today that the case would be difficult to
pursue because none of the other defendants were in the Government's custody and
were scattered throughout Latin America, Europe and the Middle East.

Robert W. Genzman, the United States Attorney in Tampa, said the three-count
indictment announced today was part of a sweeping money-laundering investigation
by the Justice Department that began in 1986.

"In this investigation, one case builds on another," Mr. Genzman said. "We
continue to work up the ladder and are proceeding carefully."

According to the indictment, millions of dollars in drug profits from 1983 to
1989 were placed in certificates of deposit in bank branches in France, Panama,
Uruguay, the Bahamas, Luxembourg, Britain and elsewhere. The indictment says
that drug traffickers then took out loans from other branches and repaid them
with the certificates of deposit.

Last year the bank reached a $15 million plea agreement with the Justice
Department that has been denounced by some members of Congress for being too
lenient and for limiting the ability of Federal authorities to take further
actions against the bank. As part of that case, five officials who worked in
various branches of B.C.C.I. were also convicted of money laundering.

Besides Mr. Akbar, the defendants in the case unsealed today are Gerardo
Moncada, a leader in the Medellin drug cartel in Colombia; Swaleh Naqvi, Dildar
Rizvi, Bashir Shaikh, Wilfredo Glasse and A.M. Bilgrami, former executives of
B.C.C.I.; Santiago Uribe, a lawyer in Medellin, and Jesus Mesa, Jairo Ossa and
Victor Giraldo, who are said to have moved drug profits from the United States
into foreign bank accounts.

Federal prosecutors are also preparing cases in Miami, Atlanta and Washington
involving the bank, and a case is also being brought by the Manhattan District
Attorney's office. In addition, Federal banking regulators have begun civil and
administrative proceedings against former senior executives at the bank.

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 1991

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Syed Ziauddin Ali Akbar, a former B.C.C.I. treasurer, is one of
six former B.C.C.I. officers named in a Federal indictment unsealed yesterday in
Tampa, Fla. Mr. Akbar, who is charged in that indictment with conspiracy to
launder money from drug trafficking profits, is shown in police custody
yesterday in Boulogne, France, after his arrest. (Agence France-Presse)

                   Copyright 1991 The New York Times Company


                              613 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                May 18, 1988, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

More Hutton Laundering Is Suspected

BYLINE: By GREGORY A. ROBB, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section D; Page 1, Column 6; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 512 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, May 17


Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc., which pleaded guilty earlier this week to charges
that an E. F. Hutton & Company branch had laundered money, disclosed today that
it had uncovered further instances of possible money laundering at several New
York City branch offices of E. F. Hutton.

The amount of money that may have been laundered through the Hutton branches was
not disclosed, nor was the period in which it took place.

But Shearson, which agreed to acquire Hutton last year, said that the United
States Attorney for the Southern District of Manhattan was investigating the
matter. That suggests that further criminal charges could result. But an
official at the United States Attorney's office would not comment.

Temporary Exemption Sought

Shearson Lehman made the disclosure in an application to the Securities and
Exchange Commission seeking a temporary exemption from laws that would bar it
from serving as an investment adviser after the guilty plea on Monday to three
criminal counts of money laundering at Hutton's office in Providence, R.I.

Specifically, Shearson said that it had learned of instances where Hutton failed
to report cash transactions of more than $10,000 to the Government, as required
by law.

People close to Hutton said they had been surprised to learn that the practice
appeared to be relatively widespread at some offices and involved some of the
firm's more important brokers.

The purpose of the law on reporting these transactions is to stem the practice
of taking cash generated by illegal activities, like drug sales or organized
crime, and depositing it into the legitimate financial system to facilitate the
transfer of the money and to make it difficult for law-enforcement agencies to
trace it. The practice is known as laundering.

Discovered After Merger

David Hershberg, a Shearson vice chairman, said that the unreported cash
transactions had been discovered by Hutton executives before the firm was
acquired last December, and that once Shearson became aware of the situation it
was reported to the United States Attorney, who began an investigation.

Asked whether any action had been taken against the individuals involved, Mr.
Hershberg said, ''We're in the middle of cooperating with the United States
Attorney and determinations have been made yet.''

Mr. Hershberg explained that Hutton had retained Debevoise & Plimpton about
mid-1987 to conduct an internal investigation of its branches because of a
criminal investigation of its Providence office.

The internal investigation covered Hutton branch offices in New York, four
randomly selected offices in Los Angeles, Dallas, Chicago and Miami, and
''relevant'' administrative departments at Hutton's headquarters in New York.
Subsequently, Shearson retained Wilmer, Cutling to continue the investigation,
and it checked further branch offices.

Shearson Lehman said that no illegal transactions were found outside the New
York area and that its investigation ''has not revealed evidence of involvement
by any Hutton corporate management personnel.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company


                              614 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Mecklenburg Times (Charlotte, NC)

                            August 28, 2014 Thursday

Boggs Paving president pleads guilty

BYLINE: Sharon Roberts, editor

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1044  words


CHARLOTTE - The president and co-owner of Boggs Paving Inc. pleaded guilty on
Thursday to one count of conspiracy and one count of money laundering
conspiracy; an additional 27 counts will be dismissed.

Boggs was released on bond and will be sentenced at a later date.

However, charges against the company were not dismissed.

Carl Andrew "Drew" Boggs III, 50, of Waxhaw, had been charged with 29 counts of
conspiracy, wire and mail fraud, money laundering and money laundering
conspiracy as the result of an investigation into 10 years' worth of contracts
for road work in North and South Carolina.

He and his company; five former or current employees; a Wingate trucking
company; and the company's owner had all been charged in the indictment.

At Thursday's plea hearing, the U.S. Attorney's Office recommended a maximum
sentence of five years in prison. The sentence, as well as orders on any fines
or restitution, will be determined later. The charges carry maximum sentences
totaling 25 years in prison and fines of up to $750,000.

Neither Boggs nor his two attorneys offered comment following the hearing, which
was held before U.S. Magistrate Judge David S. Cayer in the U.S. District Court
for the Western District of North Carolina in Charlotte.

Boggs' Monroe-based company was incorporated in 1994 by Drew Boggs and his
brother, David Christopher Boggs and has worked extensively in the Carolinas on
road and airport runway projects.  His brother was not charged in the case.

The remaining defendants have all pleaded guilty.

In July 2013, Boggs Paving, Styx Cuthbertson Trucking Inc., and some of the
companies' executives were indicted on charges that they fraudulently claimed a
disadvantaged business enterprise had been subcontracted to perform some of the
work on $87 million in federally funded road construction projects in the
Carolinas. Investigators from the U.S. DOT's Office of the Inspector General,
the FBI and the IRS asserted that Boggs Paving claimed it had paid Cuthbertson
$3.7 million for the Wingate trucking company's portion of work, when in fact
Cuthbertson received $375,432 as a kickback for his part in the scheme.

When awarding such contracts, the government often requires bids that
subcontract a portion of the work to small businesses owned by women, minorities
or other disadvantaged groups - or at least a good-faith effort to find such
companies.

"Cheating to obtain publicly-funded construction contracts enriched Boggs Paving
and its owners and undermined the goal of the DBE program, which helps small and
minority-owned businesses thrive by ensuring their ability to work on federal
construction and transportation projects. This illegal conduct prevented
contractors who played by the rules and legitimate DBEs from getting a fair
chance to obtain work and undermines public trust. Prime contractors and
subcontractors who engage in this type of illegal activity will be prosecuted
and will have to face the consequences of their fraudulent acts," said U.S.
Attorney Tompkins.

The indictment charged Cuthbertson did not perform the amount of work indicated
by the contract; that a bank account was set up in Cuthbertson's name but
actually controlled by Boggs Paving; that Boggs Paving bid on projects under
Cutherbertson's name; and that Boggs Paving at times attached magnetic signs to
its trucks that indicated they were owned by Cuthbertson.

In October, a superseding indictment was filed, adding another former Boggs
employee, project manager, estimator and area manager Arnold Mann, and another
count against Cuthbertson Trucking and its owner, John "Styx" Cuthbertson,
charging them with making a false statement on a loan application.

The trial had been scheduled to begin Sept. 16.

The defendants had faced maximum penalties of five years in prison for
conspiracy; 20 years for money laundering conspiracy; 20 years for each wire and
mail fraud count; 10 years for money laundering; and five years for making a
false statement. Conviction on most of the charges also could result in fines
ranging from $250,000 to $500,000 on each.

Since late June, all of the other defendants have pleaded guilty and agreed to
cooperate with the prosecution. Their sentencing dates have not yet been set.
They are:

Mann, 55, of Fort Mill, S.C., who pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy. He
was originally charged with 27 counts of conspiracy, wire fraud, mail fraud,
money laundering conspiracy and money laundering in a superseding indictment in
October. Under the plea agreement, he is likely to receive probation when
sentenced.  Kevin Hicks, 43, of Monroe, the former chief financial officer at
Boggs Paving Inc., who pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy to defraud the
U.S. Department of Transportation and one count of money laundering conspiracy.
He was originally charged with 26 counts of conspiracy, mail fraud, wire fraud,
money laundering conspiracy and money laundering. The U.S. Attorney's Office is
recommending a sentence of up to 15 months. Greg Tucker, 41, of Oakboro, a
former Boggs Paving vice president, project manager and estimator, who pleaded
guilty to one count of conspiracy to defraud the U.S. DOT. He had been charged
with 12 counts of conspiracy, wire fraud, money laundering conspiracy and money
laundering. The U.S. Attorney's Office recommended a sentence of one to 15
months. Greg Miller, 60, of Matthews, a vice president at Boggs Paving Inc. of
Monroe, pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy. He had been charged with 26
counts of conspiracy, wire fraud, mail fraud, money laundering and money
laundering conspiracy. The U.S. Attorney's Office recommended a reduced
sentence. Cuthbertson, 69, of Monroe, pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy
to commit wire fraud and mail fraud.   He had been charged with 30 counts
including conspiracy, wire fraud, mail fraud, money laundering conspiracy, money
laundering and making a false statement on a loan application. At his plea
hearing, the U.S. Attorney's Office said it would recommend a reduced sentence.
The charges against his company were dismissed.

Staff writer Tony Brown contributed to this report.

http://www.mecktimes.com/be-the-first-to-know/ Click here for more from this
resource.

© 2014 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              615 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Michigan Lawyers Weekly

                               February 25, 2002

U.S. Court of Appeals 6th Circuit Case Summaries: February 25, 2002

BYLINE: Michigan Lawyers Weekly Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 692  words


Arbitration

Securities - 'Customer'

Where plaintiff-securities company brought a declaratory action against
defendant-investors regarding defendants' challenges to purchases and sales of
securities, defendants were entitled to compel arbitration because they were
"customers" under the National Association of Securities Dealers Rule 10301(a),
based on their relationship with two of plaintiff's dealers.

Affirmed.

Vestax Securities Corp. v. McWood, et al. (Lawyers Weekly No. 44475 - 5 pages)
(Jones, J., joined by Daughtrey, J.) (Nelson, J., concurring). On appeal from
the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Michigan.

Criminal Law

Sentencing - Wrong Guideline

Where defendant-attorney was convicted of conspiracy to commit money laundering,
the district court erred by sentencing him under the fraud guidelines, rather
than under the money-laundering guidelines.

"This is a case of first impression in this circuit. ... Whether this court
views the district court's action as a choice between guidelines or a departure,
the result is the same. The heartland analysis that should be applied prior to
determining which guideline applies is identical to the analysis that should be
applied in determining whether a departure is warranted. ... Moreover, in the
departure context, this court has held that the fact that a money laundering
offense involved proceeds related to unlawful activity other than drug
trafficking or organized crime is not sufficient to take the offense outside of
the heartland of the money laundering guideline. "

Defendant's sentence is vacated and remanded for resentencing under the money-
laundering guideline.

Defendant's conviction is affirmed.

Affirmed, vacated and remanded.

United States v. Chilingirian. (Lawyers Weekly No. 44474 - 7 pages) (Jones, J.,
joined by Suhrheinrich and Daughtrey, JJ.). On appeal from the United States
District Court for the Eastern District of Detroit.

Sentencing - Waiver

Where defendant did not object to his two prior offenses being classified as
"aggravated felonies" during his sentencing hearing, thus enhancing his sentence
under 8 U.S.C. Sect. 1326, defendant has waived his right to object to their
classification on appeal.

We also reject defendant's claim that the district court committed plain error
by considering his prior convictions as "aggravated felonies" under 8 U.S.C.
Sect. 1326 for sentencing purposes.

Affirmed.

United States v. Aparco-Centeno. (Lawyers Weekly No. 44476 - 5 pages) (Cole, J.,
joined by Keith, J., and Marbley, J., sitting by designation). On appeal from
the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Michigan.

Employment

Reverse Discrimination - Claim Properly Dismissed

Where plaintiff-police officers were unable to show that even in the absence of
defendant-city's affirmative action program, they would have received
promotions, the federal district court properly concluded that plaintiffs lacked
Article III standing to bring their reverse discrimination claims.

"The Appellants here have failed to allege the invasion of a right that the law
protects. They have neither alleged nor shown that the City would have promoted
them if the City had used a race-neutral system in its promotions of police
officers. Phrased differently, it appears beyond debate that absent the
forbidden criterion used by the City, the Appellants still would not have been
promoted to sergeant. The Appellants' composite [test and assessment] scores
(not the City's affirmative action program) kept them from being promoted.
Moreover, the Appellants sought no forward-looking relief that would allow them
to compete on an equal footing. That is, the Appellants do not allege the City's
promotion system continues to disadvantage them in competing for promotions;
they do not suggest that they now seek to level the playing field. Appellants
have failed to allege an injury in fact and they therefore lack standing to
pursue this action. "

Affirmed.

Aiken, et al. v. Hackett, et al. (Lawyers Weekly No. 44516 - 3 pages)
(Batchelder, J., joined by Keith and Moore, JJ.). On appeal from the United
States District Court for the Western District of Tennessee.

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2002 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              616 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                             March 31, 2015 Tuesday

Former Federal Agents Charged with Bitcoin Money Laundering and Wire Fraud

LENGTH: 790  words


Two former federal agents have been charged with wire fraud, money laundering
and related offenses for stealing digital currency during their investigation of
the Silk Road, an underground black market that allowed users to conduct illegal
transactions over the Internet. The charges are contained in a federal criminal
complaint issued on March 25, 2015, in the Northern District of California and
unsealed today.


Assistant Attorney General Leslie R. Caldwell of the Justice Department's
Criminal Division, U.S. Attorney Melinda Haag of the Northern District of
California, Special Agent in Charge David J. Johnson of the FBI's San Francisco
Division, Special Agent in Charge José M. Martinez of the Internal Revenue
Service-Criminal Investigation's (IRS-CI) San Francisco Division, Special Agent
in Charge Michael P. Tompkins of the Justice Department's Office of the
Inspector General Washington Field Office and Special Agent in Charge Lori
Hazenstab of the Department of Homeland Security's Office of the Inspector
General in Washington D.C. made the announcement.
Carl M. Force, 46, of Baltimore, was a Special Agent with the Drug Enforcement
Administration (DEA), and Shaun W. Bridges, 32, of Laurel, Maryland, was a
Special Agent with the U.S. Secret Service (USSS). Both were assigned to the
Baltimore Silk Road Task Force, which investigated illegal activity in the Silk
Road marketplace. Force served as an undercover agent and was tasked with
establishing communications with a target of the investigation, Ross Ulbricht,
aka "Dread Pirate Roberts." Force is charged with wire fraud, theft of
government property, money laundering and conflict of interest. Bridges is
charged with wire fraud and money laundering.
According to the complaint, Force was a DEA agent assigned to investigate the
Silk Road marketplace. During the investigation, Force engaged in certain
authorized undercover operations by, among other things, communicating online
with "Dread Pirate Roberts" (Ulbricht), the target of his investigation. The
complaint alleges, however, that Force then, without authority, developed
additional online personas and engaged in a broad range of illegal activities
calculated to bring him personal financial gain. In doing so, the complaint
alleges, Force used fake online personas, and engaged in complex Bitcoin
transactions to steal from the government and the targets of the investigation.
Specifically, Force allegedly solicited and received digital currency as part of
the investigation, but failed to report his receipt of the funds, and instead
transferred the currency to his personal account. In one such transaction, Force
allegedly sold information about the government's investigation to the target of
the investigation. The complaint also alleges that Force invested in and worked
for a digital currency exchange company while still working for the DEA, and
that he directed the company to freeze a customer's account with no legal basis
to do so, then transferred the customer's funds to his personal account.
Further, Force allegedly sent an unauthorized Justice Department subpoena to an
online payment service directing that it unfreeze his personal account.  Bridges
allegedly diverted to his personal account over $800,000 in digital currency
that he gained control of during the Silk Road investigation. The complaint
alleges that Bridges placed the assets into an account at Mt. Gox, the
now-defunct digital currency exchange in Japan. He then allegedly wired funds
into one of his personal investment accounts in the United States mere days
before he sought a $2.1 million seizure warrant for Mt. Gox's accounts.
Bridges self-surrendered today and will appear before Magistrate Judge
Maria-Elena James of the Northern District of California at 9:30 a.m. PST this
morning. Force was arrested on Friday, March 27, 2015, in Baltimore and will
appear before Magistrate Judge Timothy J. Sullivan of the District of Maryland
at 2:30 p.m. EST today.
The charges contained in the complaint are merely accusations, and the
defendants are presumed innocent unless and until proven guilty.
The case was investigated by the FBI's San Francisco Division, the IRS-CI's San
Francisco Division, the Department of Justice Office of the Inspector General
and the Department of Homeland Security Office of the Inspector General in
Washington D.C. The Treasury Department's Financial Crimes Enforcement Network
also provided assistance with the investigation of this case. The case is being
prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorneys Kathryn Haun and William Frentzen of the
Northern District of California and Trial Attorney Richard B. Evans of the
Criminal Division's Public Integrity Section. 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              617 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 20, 2015 Friday

Washington: San Francisco Man and Company Indicted for Smuggling Sophisticated
Electrical Components to Russian Federation

LENGTH: 750  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

Russian émigré Pavel Semenovich Flider was arrested yesterday on charges that he
and corporate co-defendant Trident International Corporation, LLC, illegally
smuggled sophisticated electrical components out of the United States, and used
laundered funds to promote the scheme announced United States Attorney Melinda
Haag, U.S. Department of Commerce Acting Special Agent in Charge Joseph
Whitehead, U.S. Homeland Security Investigations Acting Special Agent in Charge
Tatum King, Federal Bureau of Investigation Special Agent in Charge David
Johnson, and U.S. Customs and Border Protection Director of Field Operations
Brian Humphrey. A federal grand jury in San Francisco indicted Flider and
Trident on March 5, 2015 with Smuggling Goods, Conspiracy to Commit
International Money Laundering, and Money Laundering. The indictment was
unsealed today in federal court.

According to the indictment, Flider, 65, of San Rafael, California, a Russian
national and naturalized citizen of the United States, served as the co-owner
and operator of Trident in San Francisco. He is alleged to have procured
electronic components from U.S. companies and smuggled them to Russia using
transshipment points in Estonia and Finland, in violation of U.S. export law. In
furtherance of the crime, Flider and Trident are alleged to have knowingly
submitted false and misleading export information on Shipper's Export
Declarations, an official document submitted to the Department of Homeland
Security in connection with export shipments from the U.S. Funds used to
purchase these electronic components came, at least in part, from transfers
received from foreign banks.

Many of the components alleged to have been wrongly smuggled into Russia were
controlled dual-use programmable computer chips capable of operating in austere
environments making them useful in both civilian and military applications. Wire
transfers that allegedly promoted the conspiracy totaled more than 60 million
dollars, and were received in San Francisco from banks located in a variety of
countries including the Czech Republic, Estonia, Latvia, Cyprus, and Hong Kong.
Flider has been charged with fifteen counts of smuggling of goods in violation
of 18 U.S.C. § § 554(a), one count of conspiracy to commit international money
laundering in violation of 18 U.S.C. § 1956(h) and ten counts of substantive
money laundering in violation of 18 U.S.C. § 1956(a)(2)(A). Trident has been
charged with the smuggling and money laundering charges. The indictment also
seeks forfeiture of Flider's and Trident's real and personal property connected
to the alleged crimes, including proceeds traceable to the alleged laundering
violations.

Flider was arrested in San Rafael, California on March 18, 2015, and made his
initial appearance in federal court in San Francisco this morning before the
Honorable Maria-Elena James, U.S. Magistrate Judge. Flider currently is being
held in federal custody pending a formal detention hearing on Monday, March 23,
2015 before Magistrate Judge James.

An indictment merely alleges that crimes have been committed, and all defendants
are presumed innocent until proven guilty beyond a reasonable doubt. If
convicted, Flider could face a maximum 20-year term of imprisonment for each
money laundering-related count, and a maximum 10-year sentence for each count of
smuggling. Additional periods of supervised release, fines, and special
assessments also could be imposed. Trident faces a maximum fine of $500,000 for
each money laundering count (or a fine of twice the value of the property used
in the transaction) and a maximum fine of $ 250,000 for each of the smuggling
counts. As with Flider, upon conviction Trident could be subject to additional
fines and assessments. Any sentence following conviction would be imposed by the
court after consideration of the U.S. Sentencing Guidelines and the federal
statute governing the imposition of a sentence, 18 U.S.C. § 3553.

Assistant U.S. Attorneys Philip Kearney and Arvon J. Perteet are prosecuting the
case with the assistance of Jacqueline Lovrin and Helen Yee. The prosecution is
the result of an investigation by the U.S. Department of Commerce, Homeland
Security Investigations, U.S. Customs and Border Protection, and the Federal
Bureau of Investigation.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com


LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              618 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            October 17, 2005 Monday
                                 Final Edition

Md. Ex-Educator Guilty Of Money Laundering

BYLINE: Nick Anderson, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: Metro; B02

LENGTH: 458 words


A former education official in Prince George's and Montgomery counties has been
convicted of money laundering in connection with a drug ring based in Virginia,
a spokesman for federal prosecutors said yesterday.

Pamela Y. Hoffler-Riddick, 44, was found guilty of five counts of money
laundering by a jury in Norfolk, said Frank R. Shults, chief of liaison for the
U.S. attorney's office for the Eastern District of Virginia. The verdict was
announced late Friday afternoon after a two-week trial.

Hoffler-Riddick oversaw 39 Prince George's schools as a regional assistant
superintendent at the time of her arrest in January. Now she faces imprisonment
for her role in the financial dealings of a multi-state drug trafficking
operation.

Each of the counts on which she was convicted carries a maximum prison term of
20 years, officials have said.

Prosecutors charged that she helped hide about $50,000 in proceeds from drug
sales starting in the late 1990s. Hoffler-Riddick denied the charges and any
knowledge of what prosecutors called a $20 million ring that dealt marijuana and
cocaine in Virginia, Texas, Georgia and elsewhere.

Her attorney, Steven D. Goodwin, who is based in Richmond, could not be reached
yesterday for comment. A message left on his office voice mail and an e-mail
message were not immediately returned.

The Virginian-Pilot newspaper, in the Hampton Roads area, reported that
Hoffler-Riddick did not testify during the trial and that an ex-boyfriend named
John Cecil McBride testified against her.

The newspaper also reported that Hoffler-Riddick faces another trial next month,
on a charge of witness tampering.

"Money laundering is an essential part of drug trafficking," U.S. Attorney Paul
J. McNulty said yesterday in a statement relayed by Shults. "Both money
launderers and drug traffickers must be held accountable for their criminal
conduct."

In Prince George's, Hoffler-Riddick was hired by then-schools chief Andre J.
Hornsby in August 2003. Her region spanned Capitol Heights, Suitland, Largo,
Springdale and Forestville and included about 28,000 students  --  more than are
in entire school systems in many smaller counties.

Her arrest shocked her peers in the school system, many of whom praised her as a
passionate, engaged educator of disadvantaged children. They also noted that she
is a mother of two girls.

"We've been following the situation," Prince George's school spokesman John
White said yesterday. "She served the system well. This came as a surprise to us
when the issue arose."

Before coming to Prince George's, Hoffler-Riddick held administrative posts in
Baltimore briefly, in Montgomery from 2000 to 2003 and in the Norfolk area. She
began her teaching career in Norfolk in 1984.

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2005 The Washington Post


                              619 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Tough California Money Laundering Bill Nears Passage

                             June 3, 1986, Tuesday

Special to the American Banker

DATELINE: SACRAMENTO, Calif.


A bill sponsored by California's attorney general to impose strong penalties for
money laundering is advancing in the state Legislature.

After hearing testimony that the state was replacing Florida as the capital of
illegal drug trafficking, the Senate banking and commerce committee approved the
Assembly-passed measure on a 6-0 vote last week.

A similar Senate-passed bill is pending in the Assembly.

The bill, supported by the California Bankers Association, would make money
laundering a state offense.

Specifically, it would make it illegal for anyone to conduct a transaction with
a financial institution with money intended for use in a criminal activity or
with funds obtained ille gally.

The proposed legislation originally set the minimum amount for such a
transaction at $1,000. But under pressure from committee members, the author of
the bill agreed to change the amount to $5,000.

Also, the measure would require financial institutions to file with the state
Department of Justice duplicate copies of federally required reports of
transactions that involve more than $10,000 in cash.

First-time violators of the proposed law would be subject to a fine of up to
$250,000 and a year in jail.

Sen. John Foran, D-San Francisco, said he was concerned with ''the broadness of
power that is involved here. We are hitting a fly with a mallet.''

However, Gary Schons, representing Attorney General John Van de Kamp at the
committee hearing, said the state needed a strong law to investigate drug
dealers invading the state.

''The federal effort in Florida has pushed the problem to California,'' Mr.
Schons said.

Brian Taugher, also representing Mr. Van de Kamp, said cocaine seizures in
California this year were being made at four times the rate of last year.

Sen. Foran said he also was worried about the potential liability of bank
employees under the bill.

But the bill's author, Assemblyman Steve Clute, D-Riverside, said they would be
liable only if they knowingly conspired with the customers in the illegal
transactions.

George Cook, of the California Bankers Association, acknowledged that a new law
would present some problems. ''We realize that we have a major training job in
front of us,'' Mr. Cook told the committee.

Mr. Van de Kamp's office wants to resolve differences between the two measures
in conference committee this summer and send a final compromise version to Gov.
George Deukmejian.

SECTION: CALIFORNIA; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 407 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1986 American Banker, Inc.


                              620 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                             May 19, 2012 Saturday
                                 METRO EDITION

Money man Terror funds suspect busted in DMV forgery

BYLINE: BY JANON FISHER and ROCCO PARASCANDOLA NEW YORK DAILY NEWS

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 244 words


A QUEENS man suspected of laundering money for the terror group Hezbollah now
faces forgery raps after cops found phony documents in his vehicle, prosecutors
said Friday.

Ali Elrida, 29, of Queens was busted in Greenwich Village Wednesday morning
after his

white GMC Yukon was hauled from Christopher St. for being parked near the PATH
train station with no license plates. Inside the vehicle, cops found a forged
temporary New Jersey registration, a forged Jersey City Police Department
parking placard and bank receipts for thousands of dollars in wire transfers, a
prosecutor said at Elrida's arraignment.

He was arrested after going to pick up the vehicle at the 6th Precinct
stationhouse.

Elrida, who was charged with possessing the forged registration and placard, is
the target of a federal probe investigating money laundering to Hezbollah, the
Shiite group with strong ties to Iran and Syria, the prosecutor said.

He is being held in lieu of $100,000 bail.

Elrida, who lives in Astoria, has previous federal convictions for money
laundering and counterfeiting, the prosecutor said.

He also pleaded guilty to trademark counterfeiting in Queens after he was busted
in December 2006 for selling knockoff sneakers to an undercover NYPD detective.

Cops found 14,740 pairs of the bogus footwear in a 47th Ave. storage facility
that Elrida had rented.

Elrida pleaded guilty to misdemeanor counterfeiting and was given a conditional
discharge.

rparascandola@nydailynews.com

LOAD-DATE: May 24, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: A GMC Yukon similar to the one usedby terror suspect Ali Elrida.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 Daily News, L.P.


                              621 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 20, 2015 Friday

Arizona: Supervisory Assistant United States Attorney (Chief, Asset Forfeiture
and Money Laundering Unit)

LENGTH: 1374  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Justice has issued the following news release:

Supervisory Assistant United States Attorney (Chief, Asset Forfeiture and Money
Laundering Unit)
USAO District of New Jersey
Attorney
970 Broad Street, Suite 700
Newark, NJ 07102
United States
15-NJ-500002
About the Office:

The District of New Jersey is an energetic and progressive District comprised of
140 attorneys located in three staffed offices: Newark, Trenton and Camden. The
USAO has jurisdiction and responsibility in a broad range of subject matter
areas, all of which involve advancing the multi-varied criminal and civil legal
interests of the Federal government. The office values diversity and seeks to
provide an inclusive rewarding work environment for employees of all
backgrounds.
Job Description:

Supervisory Assistant United States Attorney (AUSA) of the Asset Forfeiture and
Money Laundering Unit of the District of New Jersey

This is a temporary, at will position. The selectee will be part of the
district's management team, under the control, supervision, and direction of the
Chief of the Criminal Division. The AUSA selected for this supervisory position
will be responsible for exercising dynamic leadership and efficiently and
effectively managing the employees in the Asset Forfeiture and Money Laundering
Unit to accomplish the mission of the Department and the specific goals of this
district, as set forth by the United States Attorney.
Qualifications:

This vacancy is open to Current AUSAs in the United States Attorney's Offices,
Executive Office for the United States Attorneys and Attorneys at the Department
of Justice components.

Required Qualifications: Applicants must have at least five years of experience
as an AUSA or comparable legal experience. Interested AUSAs must have at least a
fully successful performance rating for the last evaluation year. All applicants
must be an active member of the bar (any jurisdiction) and not have received any
disciplinary actions within the past year from the date of the application.

Preferred Qualifications: Applicants should be able to demonstrate by
experience, knowledge, or training, that they are skilled litigators, especially
in representing the U.S. in forfeiting assets that are the proceeds of criminal
activity or were used to facilitate criminal activity; prosecuting defendants
for money laundering, violating currency reporting requirements, and conducting
illegal money transmitting businesses; and handling civil asset forfeitures.
Salary:
$103,422 - $158,554
Travel:
Occasional travel may be required.
Application Process:

The application materials which consist of a coversheet, resume and writing
sample should be submitted using one of the methods listing below:

Regular or Express Mail
Send the required documents to:

William Fitzpatrick
First Assistant US Attorney
US Attorney's Office
970 Broad Street, Suite 700
Newark, NJ 07102

Email
Send the required documents to USANJ.HRapplications@usdoj.gov
Email links icon

Application materials submitted by mail must be received by 5:00 pm Eastern
Standard/Daylight Time on the closing date.

Application materials submitted by email must be received by 11:59 pm (midnight)
Eastern Standard/Daylight Time on the closing date.
Application Deadline:
Friday, February 20, 2015
Relocation Expenses:
Relocation expenses will not be paid.
Number of Positions:
1
Updated February 6, 2015

*         *         *
Department Policies

Equal Employment Opportunity:  The U.S. Department of Justice is an Equal
Opportunity/Reasonable Accommodation Employer.  Except where otherwise provided
by law, there will be no discrimination because of color, race, religion,
national origin, political affiliation, marital status, disability (physical or
mental), age, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, genetic information,
status as a parent, membership or non-membership in an employee organization, on
the basis of personal favoritism, or any other non-merit factor.  The Department
of Justice welcomes and encourages applications from persons with physical and
mental disabilities. The Department is firmly committed to satisfying its
affirmative obligations under the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, to ensure that
persons with disabilities have every opportunity to be hired and advanced on the
basis of merit within the Department of Justice.

Reasonable Accommodations:  This agency provides reasonable accommodation to
applicants with disabilities where appropriate. If you need a reasonable
accommodation for any part of the application and hiring process, please notify
the agency.  Determinations on requests for reasonable accommodation will be
made on a case-by-case basis.

Outreach and Recruitment for Qualified Applicants with Disabilities:   The
Department encourages qualified applicants with disabilities, including
individuals with targeted/severe disabilities to apply in response to posted
vacancy announcements.  Qualified applicants with targeted/severe disabilities
may be eligible for direct hire, non-competitive appointment under Schedule A (5
C.F.R. § 213.3102(u)) hiring authority.  Individuals with targeted/severe
disabilities are encouraged to register for the Office of Personnel Management
(OPM) Shared List of People with Disabilities (the Bender Disability Employment
Registry) by submitting their resume to resume@benderconsult.com
Email links icon
and referencing "Federal Career Opportunities" in the subject line.  Additional
information about the Bender Registry is available at www.benderconsult.com
[external link].  Individuals with disabilities may also contact one of the
Department's Disability Points of Contact (DPOC).  See list of DPOCs.

Suitability and Citizenship:  It is the policy of the Department to achieve a
drug-free workplace and persons selected for employment will be required to pass
a drug test which screens for illegal drug use prior to final appointment.
Employment is also contingent upon the completion and satisfactory adjudication
of a background investigation. Only U.S. citizens are eligible for employment
with the Executive Office for Immigration Review and the United States
Attorneys' Offices. Unless otherwise indicated in a particular job
advertisement, non-U.S. Citizens may apply for employment with other
organizations, but should be advised that appointments of non-U.S. Citizens are
extremely rare; such appointments would be possible only if necessary to
accomplish the Department's mission and would be subject to strict security
requirements.  Applicants who hold dual citizenship in the U.S. and another
country will be considered on a case-by-case basis.

Veterans:  There is no formal rating system for applying veterans' preference to
attorney appointments in the excepted service; however, the Department of
Justice considers veterans' preference eligibility as a positive factor in
attorney hiring. Applicants eligible for veterans' preference must include that
information in their cover letter or resume and attach supporting documentation
(e.g., the DD 214, Certificate of Release or Discharge from Active Duty and
other supporting documentation) to their submissions. Although the "point"
system is not used, per se, applicants eligible to claim 10-point preference
must submit Standard Form (SF) 15, Application for 10-Point Veteran Preference,
and submit the supporting documentation required for the specific type of
preference claimed (visit the OPM website, www.opm.gov/forms/pdf_fill/SF15.pdf
for a copy of SF 15, which lists the types of 10-point preferences and the
required supporting document(s). Applicants should note that SF 15 requires
supporting documentation associated with service- connected disabilities or
receipt of nonservice-connected disability pensions to be dated 1991 or later
except in the case of service members submitting official statements or
retirement orders from a branch of the Armed Forces showing that his  or her
retirement was due to a permanent service-connected disability or that he/she
was transferred to the permanent disability retired list (the statement or
retirement orders must indicate that the disability is 10% or more).

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              622 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 13, 2015 Friday

Arizona: Supervisory Assistant United States Attorney (Chief, Asset Forfeiture
and Money Laundering Unit)

LENGTH: 1374  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Justice has issued the following news release:

Supervisory Assistant United States Attorney (Chief, Asset Forfeiture and Money
Laundering Unit)
USAO District of New Jersey
Attorney
970 Broad Street, Suite 700
Newark, NJ 07102
United States
15-NJ-500002
About the Office:

The District of New Jersey is an energetic and progressive District comprised of
140 attorneys located in three staffed offices: Newark, Trenton and Camden. The
USAO has jurisdiction and responsibility in a broad range of subject matter
areas, all of which involve advancing the multi-varied criminal and civil legal
interests of the Federal government. The office values diversity and seeks to
provide an inclusive rewarding work environment for employees of all
backgrounds.
Job Description:

Supervisory Assistant United States Attorney (AUSA) of the Asset Forfeiture and
Money Laundering Unit of the District of New Jersey

This is a temporary, at will position. The selectee will be part of the
district's management team, under the control, supervision, and direction of the
Chief of the Criminal Division. The AUSA selected for this supervisory position
will be responsible for exercising dynamic leadership and efficiently and
effectively managing the employees in the Asset Forfeiture and Money Laundering
Unit to accomplish the mission of the Department and the specific goals of this
district, as set forth by the United States Attorney.
Qualifications:

This vacancy is open to Current AUSAs in the United States Attorney's Offices,
Executive Office for the United States Attorneys and Attorneys at the Department
of Justice components.

Required Qualifications: Applicants must have at least five years of experience
as an AUSA or comparable legal experience. Interested AUSAs must have at least a
fully successful performance rating for the last evaluation year. All applicants
must be an active member of the bar (any jurisdiction) and not have received any
disciplinary actions within the past year from the date of the application.

Preferred Qualifications: Applicants should be able to demonstrate by
experience, knowledge, or training, that they are skilled litigators, especially
in representing the U.S. in forfeiting assets that are the proceeds of criminal
activity or were used to facilitate criminal activity; prosecuting defendants
for money laundering, violating currency reporting requirements, and conducting
illegal money transmitting businesses; and handling civil asset forfeitures.
Salary:
$103,422 - $158,554
Travel:
Occasional travel may be required.
Application Process:

The application materials which consist of a coversheet, resume and writing
sample should be submitted using one of the methods listing below:

Regular or Express Mail
Send the required documents to:

William Fitzpatrick
First Assistant US Attorney
US Attorney's Office
970 Broad Street, Suite 700
Newark, NJ 07102

Email
Send the required documents to USANJ.HRapplications@usdoj.gov
Email links icon

Application materials submitted by mail must be received by 5:00 pm Eastern
Standard/Daylight Time on the closing date.

Application materials submitted by email must be received by 11:59 pm (midnight)
Eastern Standard/Daylight Time on the closing date.
Application Deadline:
Friday, February 20, 2015
Relocation Expenses:
Relocation expenses will not be paid.
Number of Positions:
1
Updated February 6, 2015

*         *         *
Department Policies

Equal Employment Opportunity:  The U.S. Department of Justice is an Equal
Opportunity/Reasonable Accommodation Employer.  Except where otherwise provided
by law, there will be no discrimination because of color, race, religion,
national origin, political affiliation, marital status, disability (physical or
mental), age, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, genetic information,
status as a parent, membership or non-membership in an employee organization, on
the basis of personal favoritism, or any other non-merit factor.  The Department
of Justice welcomes and encourages applications from persons with physical and
mental disabilities. The Department is firmly committed to satisfying its
affirmative obligations under the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, to ensure that
persons with disabilities have every opportunity to be hired and advanced on the
basis of merit within the Department of Justice.

Reasonable Accommodations:  This agency provides reasonable accommodation to
applicants with disabilities where appropriate. If you need a reasonable
accommodation for any part of the application and hiring process, please notify
the agency.  Determinations on requests for reasonable accommodation will be
made on a case-by-case basis.

Outreach and Recruitment for Qualified Applicants with Disabilities:   The
Department encourages qualified applicants with disabilities, including
individuals with targeted/severe disabilities to apply in response to posted
vacancy announcements.  Qualified applicants with targeted/severe disabilities
may be eligible for direct hire, non-competitive appointment under Schedule A (5
C.F.R. § 213.3102(u)) hiring authority.  Individuals with targeted/severe
disabilities are encouraged to register for the Office of Personnel Management
(OPM) Shared List of People with Disabilities (the Bender Disability Employment
Registry) by submitting their resume to resume@benderconsult.com
Email links icon
and referencing "Federal Career Opportunities" in the subject line.  Additional
information about the Bender Registry is available at www.benderconsult.com
[external link].  Individuals with disabilities may also contact one of the
Department's Disability Points of Contact (DPOC).  See list of DPOCs.

Suitability and Citizenship:  It is the policy of the Department to achieve a
drug-free workplace and persons selected for employment will be required to pass
a drug test which screens for illegal drug use prior to final appointment.
Employment is also contingent upon the completion and satisfactory adjudication
of a background investigation. Only U.S. citizens are eligible for employment
with the Executive Office for Immigration Review and the United States
Attorneys' Offices. Unless otherwise indicated in a particular job
advertisement, non-U.S. Citizens may apply for employment with other
organizations, but should be advised that appointments of non-U.S. Citizens are
extremely rare; such appointments would be possible only if necessary to
accomplish the Department's mission and would be subject to strict security
requirements.  Applicants who hold dual citizenship in the U.S. and another
country will be considered on a case-by-case basis.

Veterans:  There is no formal rating system for applying veterans' preference to
attorney appointments in the excepted service; however, the Department of
Justice considers veterans' preference eligibility as a positive factor in
attorney hiring. Applicants eligible for veterans' preference must include that
information in their cover letter or resume and attach supporting documentation
(e.g., the DD 214, Certificate of Release or Discharge from Active Duty and
other supporting documentation) to their submissions. Although the "point"
system is not used, per se, applicants eligible to claim 10-point preference
must submit Standard Form (SF) 15, Application for 10-Point Veteran Preference,
and submit the supporting documentation required for the specific type of
preference claimed (visit the OPM website, www.opm.gov/forms/pdf_fill/SF15.pdf
for a copy of SF 15, which lists the types of 10-point preferences and the
required supporting document(s). Applicants should note that SF 15 requires
supporting documentation associated with service- connected disabilities or
receipt of nonservice-connected disability pensions to be dated 1991 or later
except in the case of service members submitting official statements or
retirement orders from a branch of the Armed Forces showing that his  or her
retirement was due to a permanent service-connected disability or that he/she
was transferred to the permanent disability retired list (the statement or
retirement orders must indicate that the disability is 10% or more).

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              623 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                          September 7, 2011 Wednesday

Feds plan to retry San Jose lawyer in money laundering case

BYLINE: By Howard Mintz hmintz@mercurynews.com

SECTION: BREAKING; News; Local

LENGTH: 339 words


Stung by a federal judge's recent order, prosecutors plan to retry San Jose
lawyer Jamie Harley on conspiracy and money laundering charges.

In court papers filed in recent days, the U.S. attorney's office revealed that
it is pressing ahead with the criminal case against Harley, accused of
laundering money for a former client in a controversy that now stretches back
eight years.

Chief U.S. District Judge James Ware last month took the rare step of setting
aside five felony money laundering convictions against Harley, concluding that
his own faulty jury instructions tainted the outcome of her trial last year. At
that trial, the jury also deadlocked on a conspiracy charge against Harley,
formerly known as Jamie Harmon.

Prosecutors now intend to retry her on all six counts, although they still could
pursue an appeal of Ware's ruling in the meantime. Ware is scheduled to hold a
hearing in the case Monday.

In a related development, famed San Francisco lawyer J. Tony Serra, who was
hired to help represent Harley after the trial, filed court papers saying he was
quitting the case, in part because his firm can't handle a retrial and also
because his relationship with Harley has "soured."

Harley referred questions to Theodore Stalcup, who works in the same law office
in San Jose. Stalcup said Harley, a former Santa Clara County prosecutor, is
close to retaining new defense attorneys for a retrial.

"We are unsurprised that the U.S. attorneys involved in the case would want to
retry it," he said. "We anticipate a lengthy and hard-fought process."

A federal grand jury indicted Harley in 2008, alleging she laundered more than
$127,000 for client Christian Pantages from his illicit business trafficking in
stolen computer equipment. Harley testified at trial that she did not know the
money was tainted and that Pantages had an illegal business, but the jury sided
with prosecutors on the laundering charges.

Pantages, who testified for the government, is scheduled to be sentenced in
October.

Contact Howard Mintz at 408-286-0236

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              624 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                          September 7, 2011 Wednesday

Feds plan to retry San Jose lawyer in money laundering case

BYLINE: By Howard Mintz hmintz@mercurynews.com

SECTION: BREAKING; Crime; News; Local

LENGTH: 333 words


Stung by a federal judge's recent order, prosecutors plan to retry San Jose
lawyer Jamie Harley on conspiracy and money laundering charges.

In court papers filed in recent days, the U.S. attorney's office revealed that
it is pressing ahead with the criminal case against Harley, accused of
laundering money for a former client in a controversy that now stretches back
eight years.

Chief U.S. District Judge James Ware last month took the rare step of setting
aside five felony money laundering convictions against Harley, concluding that
his own faulty jury instructions tainted the outcome of her trial last year. At
that trial, the jury also deadlocked on a conspiracy charge against Harley,
formerly known as Jamie Harmon.

Prosecutors now intend to retry her on all six counts, although they still could
pursue an appeal of Ware's ruling in the meantime. Ware is scheduled to hold a
hearing in the case Monday.

In a related development, famed San Francisco lawyer J. Tony Serra, who was
hired to help represent Harley after the trial, filed court papers saying he was
quitting the case, in part because his firm can't handle a retrial and also
because his relationship with Harley has "soured."

Harley referred questions to Theodore Stalcup, who works in the same law office
in San Jose. Stalcup said Harley, a former Santa Clara County prosecutor, is
close to retaining new defense attorneys for a retrial.

"We are unsurprised that the U.S. attorneys involved in the case would want to
retry it," he said. "We anticipate a lengthy and hard-fought process."

A federal grand jury indicted Harley in 2008, alleging she laundered more than
$127,000 for client Christian Pantages from his illicit business trafficking in
stolen computer equipment. Harley testified at trial that she did not know the
money was tainted and that Pantages had an illegal business, but the jury sided
with prosecutors on the laundering charges.

Pantages, who testified for the government, is scheduled to be sentenced in
October.

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              625 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 1, 2016 Thursday

Ohio: Cleveland attorney sentenced to nearly four years in prison for money
laundering

LENGTH: 282  words

DATELINE: New York



 Columbus: Department of Justice, The State of Ohio has issued the following
news release:



  A Cleveland attorney was sentenced to nearly four years in prison for
accepting $20,000 in purported drug proceeds and agreeing to launder the money,
said Carole Rendon, Acting U.S. Attorney for the Northern District of Ohio.





 Matthew J. King, 45, was convicted earlier this year of one count of attempted
money laundering and two counts of money laundering following a weeklong jury
trial. U.S. District Judge Donald C. Nugent sentenced King to 44 months in
prison



 King accepted $20,000 in cash purported to be the proceeds of the sale of
narcotics. He then wrote two checks totaling $4,000 in early 2014, according to
trial testimony and court documents.



 This case was prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorneys Michelle M. Baeppler and
Margaret A. Sweeney following an investigation by the Northern Ohio Law
Enforcement Task Force. The NOLETF is a task force comprised of investigators
from the Federal Bureau of Investigation, Cleveland Division of Police, Cuyahoga
Metropolitan Housing Authority, Drug Enforcement Administration, Internal
Revenue Service, Cuyahoga County Sheriff's Office, Ohio Bureau of Criminal
Investigation and the police departments of Cleveland Heights, Euclid, Lakewood,
the Regional Transit Authority, Westlake and Shaker Heights. The NOLETF is also
one of the initial Ohio High Intensity Drug Trafficking Area initiatives, which
supports and helps coordinate numerous Ohio drug task forces in their efforts to
eliminate or reduce drug trafficking in Ohio.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              626 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Pantagraph (Bloomington, Illinois)

                             July 15, 2010 Thursday

Owners plead guilty to fraud

BYLINE: By Edith Brady-Lunny;eblunny@pantagraph.com

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 510 words


PEORIA - The former owners of Wildwood Industries pleaded guilty in federal
court Wednesday for their role in defrauding lenders of more than $213 million
in a Ponzi scheme that lasted nearly a decade.

Bloomington resident Gary Wilder, 68, of the 100 block of South Kreitzer Avenue,
admitted to money laundering and bank fraud during an afternoon appearance in
U.S. District Court in Peoria. His wife, Toni Jo Wilder, 63, pleaded guilty to
conspiracy to commit money laundering.

Gary Wilder faces up to 20 years in prison and fines up to $500,000 or more on
the single money laundering charge and 30 years on the fraud charge. His wife
could receive a 20-year sentence.

The couple is scheduled to be sentenced Nov. 12. Each has been released on a $1
million personal recognizance bond.

Together the Wilders owned Wildwood Industries, a Bloomington firm that once
employed more than 700 workers. The manufacturer of lawn, leaf and vacuum bags
was forced into bankruptcy in March 2009 by creditors and sold two months later
for about $2 million.

The Wilders and several employees admitted they defrauded about 85 financial
institutions and private lenders by providing false information to obtain
funding for leases on equipment that did not exist. The money was used to make
payments on previously secured loans, according to court records.

"He (Gary Wilder) said he did it to keep the business going," said Assistant
U.S. Attorney Darilynn Knauss, who prosecuted the case. "When you start a Ponzi,
it just continues to grow ... It's a true rippling effect."

Former plant manager Dominic F. Propersi of Bloomington pleaded guilty in March
to conspiracy to commit money laundering; former employee Kimberly J. Hill of
Bloomington pleaded guilty to conspiracy to commit fraud; and Doyle F. Fry, a
retired Missouri accountant, also admitted to conspiracy to commit fraud. The
three are slated to be sentenced Oct. 7.

In addition, William Hudson, of Queensbury, N.Y., will be sentenced Aug. 12 for
conspiracy to commit money laundering in the case.

The scam involved the filing of false financial statements and tax returns by
the firm's accountant that left the impression with lenders that Wildwood was a
creditworthy company. Hudson's involvement in the fraud arrangement came when
his firm, Hudson Converting, kept a portion of the bank proceeds for handling
the transaction for equipment that never arrived at the plant.

Toni Jo Wilder admitted to prosecutors that she directed Hill to falsely report
the incoming wires from Hudson as revenue, said federal officials. Gary Wilder
directed Propersi to place bogus identification plates on existing machinery and
sometimes paint the equipment to make it appear new.

Knauss said it may be the largest dollar-value fraud case that her office has
handled. The money, she added, is probably gone.

Karen Hansen contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2010 The Pantagraph


                              627 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

              September 25, 1997, Thursday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

MASSAGE PARLOR OPERATOR INDICTED;
ACCUSED OF LAUNDERING $ 8 MILLION IN PROCEEDS FROM PROSTITUTION

BYLINE: Roy Malone; Of The Post-Dispatch Staff

SECTION: NEWS, Pg. 13A

LENGTH: 367 words


The operator of two massage parlors in Brooklyn, Ill., has been indicted on
charges of laundering more than $ 8 million in prostitution proceeds.

Everett O. Baker, whose address was listed as 1111 North 11th Street in St.
Louis, was arrested Wednesday and arraigned in federal court in East St. Louis.
He was released on a $ 50,000 bond, secured by a 25 percent cash deposit.

Baker, 58, was charged with 15 counts of money laundering and one count of
conspiracy to commit money laundering. Each count carries a maximum penalty of
20 years in prison and a fine of $ 500,000.

The indictment alleges that between 1990 and April 7 of this year, Baker
laundered more than $ 8 million from his massage parlor businesses, the Fantasy
Massage Parlor and Fantasyland Massage Parlor.

He is also charged with five counts of engaging in monetary transactions, in
excess of $ 10,000, from criminally-derived property. Each of these counts
carries a maximum penalty of 10 years in prison and a $ 250,000 fine.

The latter counts charge that Baker used proceeds derived from prostitution to
make payments on a construction loan he had obtained for building the
Fantasyland building, at 208 North Second Street in Brooklyn.

The building housed the Fantasyland Massage Parlor, the Fantasyland Night Club -
a topless club - and the Fantasyland Theater and Arcade, which sells adult books
and videos.

Investigators raided Baker's operations Jan. 16, carrying off boxes of records
and other material, but the businesses remained open.

In 1995, the operators of other topless clubs in Brooklyn were convicted of
money-laundering.

The owner, H.L. Enterprises, admitted laundering about $ 3 million in illegal
funds generated by prostitution.

U.S. District Judge William D. Stiehl fined the corporation $ 2 million, put
half of that into a community fund to benefit Brooklyn and ordered H.L.
Enterprises to sell two clubs, Roxy's and the Red Garter.

The company later said it could not find a buyer for Roxy's, and reached an
agreement with prosecutors allowing it to keep the club.

The Red Garter fell victim to an unsolved arson that destroyed it in May 1996
before it could be sold.

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 1997

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1997 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              628 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                           December 17, 2016 Saturday

By means of $1bn Plot to Dodge Iran Permissions, United States America Charges
Guy

LENGTH: 372  words


An Alaska man has been charged with evading US sanctions on Iran and money
laundering, the US Justice Department said on Thursday.

Kenneth Zong, 77, of Anchorage, and one American and three Iranian
co-conspirators engaged in fraudulent transactions intended to unlawfully
convert and remove Iranian-owned funds worth approximately $1 billion from South
Korean banks, the department said in a statement.

Zong was named as the sole defendant in a 47-count indictment charging him with
conspiracy to violate the International Emergency Economic Powers Act, Iranian
Transactions and Sanctions Regulations, and money laundering.

A federal public defender representing Zong, Rich Curtner, said he did not have
an immediate comment because he had not yet met with Zong.

For his work, his Iranian associates paid Zong between $10 million to $17
million, the Justice Department said. In furtherance of the scheme, prosecutors
said, Zong transferred $10 million from South Korea to a co-conspirator in
Anchorage who then bought real estate, cars, and an interest in a yacht.

Zong is also charged with 43 counts of money laundering, and one count of money
laundering conspiracy, in connection with his $10 million fee. If convicted on
one money laundering charge, Zong faces as long as 10 years in prison and a fine
of up to $250,000, the Justice Department said.

An arraignment date had not yet been set, the Justice Department said.

The US embargo against Iran prohibits, with limited exceptions, the export of
products and services to Iran, the Justice Department said.

According to the indictment, Zong and his associates used various fake
businesses and transactions from 2011 through at least April 2014 to dupe
regulators to remove the roughly $1 billion in Iranian-owned funds from South
Korean bank accounts.

The funds were converted into more easily traded currencies, such as US dollars
and euros by tricking South Korean regulators into thinking the transactions
were legitimate, the Justice Department said.

The converted funds were transferred to more than 10 countries around the world,
including the United States, the United Arab Emirates, Switzerland, Germany,
Austria and Italy, federal prosecutors said. 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              629 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

U.S. Threatens Banks That Launder Money

                            October 17, 1988, Monday

Jim McTague and Philip T. Sudo


BANKS convicted of laundering money could lose their assets to the federal
government, a Justice Department official warned last week.

"There's a lot of things you can do (to these banks)," said Dan Harnett, deputy
associate for law enforcement. "Their assets become vulnerable. The government
can take over the bank."

Last week the federal government announced the indictment of BCCI Holdings and
nine executives from its Luxembourg-based Bank of Credit and Commerce
International SA on charges of laundering $14 million in illegal drug profits.

BCCI, an international bank with state-chartered operations in Tampa, Fla., and
eight other U.S. cities, may also face punishment from Florida regulators.
Officials from the state comptroller's office said they are investigating the
extent to which the bank's Florida subsidiaries were involved in the laundering
scheme.

Officials at the agencies investigating BCCI said they will be checking to see
if other banks were involved in the money laundering.

"We do believe that when we have all the records and documents seized, we will
find other money launderers," a customs official said, "and possibly other
financial institutions were involved."

"I see more banks involved in money laundering now than at any time in the last
10 years," said a Drug Enforcement Agency official. "If you are going to hunt
bears, you've got to go where the bears are. Clearly, a lot are in the banks."

SECTION: NEWS MONDAY; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 242 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1988 American Banker, Inc.


                              630 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                    OCTOBER 23, 2001 Tuesday CITY-D EDITION

Unions back money-laundering bill;
Mellon executives get jobs with Citizens

BYLINE: Joseph N. DiStefano INQUIRER STAFF WRITER

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. D01

LENGTH: 1079 words


Also in this column:

Citizens and Mellon

Looking at suspect data

PIC claims scrapped

Three labor unions that represented 447 workers killed in the World Trade Center
attack are demanding strict anti-money-laundering legislation - and blaming
bankers for what they say is lingering resistance.

The Senate's antiterrorism proposal, which the unions support, would give the
Treasury Department more power to identify and examine suspicious bank accounts
and to punish countries such as Israel, Hungary and Nigeria that refuse to
cooperate with efforts to stop money laundering.

Bank lobbyists and some of their congressional supporters, who for years have
fought such moves because they are costly and raise privacy concerns, are in a
hot corner: In questioning the need for or the form of those proposals, they are
accused of lacking patriotism - or worse.

Some bankers "are more interested in preserving their business than in freezing
the assets of terrorists," Andy Stern, president of the Service Employees
International Union, said yesterday.

Last week Stern joined Harold Schaitberger, president of the International
Association of Fire Fighters, and John Wilhelm, head of the Hotel Employees and
Restaurant Employees union, in a letter calling on bankers to support the
International Money Laundering Abatement and Anti-Terrorist Financing Act of
2001.

"It's time for the banking industry to stop business as usual and for everybody
to do their part in fighting terrorism," Wilhelm said last week.

In an Oct. 11 letter to U.S. Sen. Paul S. Sarbanes (D., Md.), Edward Yingling,
senior lobbyist for the American Bankers Association, voiced general support for
the legislation - but said there were "a few provisions that would need to be
fine-tuned, particularly with respect to some definitions and to the regulatory
implementation process."

Yesterday, Yingling said those concerns were met Friday, when a joint
Senate-House committee agreed the Treasury Department would have to submit
regulations to public scrutiny and discussion before it imposes permanent
changes in current money-laundering rules. The Treasury Department already has
the power to impose stricter emergency rules if they are needed, he said.

Those money-laundering provisions are now part of the 100-page antiterrorism
bill, which faces a final vote as early as today.

Citizens taps Mellon brass

Citizens Financial Group, of Providence, R.I., which plans to take over Mellon
Bank's 345 Pennsylvania branches by Dec. 1, has tapped a pair of Mellon veterans
as key executives.

Lisa B. Binder, a member of Mellon's top management committee and the head of
Mellon's consumer-banking arm, will run retail and small-business banking for
Citizens in Pennsylvania.

And David H. Reed, who ran Mellon's $2.7 billion midmarket business-loan
portfolio, will run Citizens' commercial-banking arm in the region.

Binder and Reed will report to Citizens veteran Stephen D. Steinour, the new
chairman of Citizens Bank of Pennsylvania.

Citizens hopes to begin promoting new bank products by next month, said bank
spokesman Kevin Feeley, a former aide to ex-Philadelphia mayor and current
Pennsylvania gubernatorial candidate Edward G. Rendell.

VC boosters' data mislead

Is Pennsylvania a monument to venture-capitalist job creation?

The National Venture Capital Association yesterday announced that "venture
capital invested during the period 1970-2000 created 7.6 million jobs and more
than $1.3 trillion in revenue at the end of 2000."

That's a plausible number - if you accept that every job at every company that
ever took venture-capital funding was indeed "created" by venture capital.

Less plausible is the group's claim that Pennsylvania, of all places, was the
No. 3 generator of venture-capital jobs, with 425,000 - more than New York or
Massachusetts, more indeed than any state except California or Texas - according
to a study conducted for the group by DRI-WEFA economic consultants.

What's wrong with this picture? Pennsylvania's total includes, for example,
21,793 employees at Universal Health Systems in King of Prussia, and 6,900 at
SunGard Data Systems in Wayne, said Emily Mendell, Philadelphia-area spokeswoman
for the venture-capital group.

Yet those numbers actually reflect not those companies' Pennsylvania workforces,
but their entire staff across the United States, most of whom labor outside of
Pennsylvania.

"It was too cumbersome to break out all employees by where they reside,"
according to Mendell. So the survey authors merely assigned all workers employed
by each company to the home state where that company is based.

All Federal Express workers, for example, were included in Tennessee's count.
Not surprisingly, Tennessee ranked No. 4 on the venture-capital "job creation"
list.

The venture-capital group, in short, credited Pennsylvania with thousands of
"venture-backed" jobs that simply aren't here.

Pa. drops more PIC claims

The Pennsylvania Insurance Department last week scrapped a few more of the
scores of civil claims it filed 20 months ago against the former owners,
directors and contractors of the failed Physicians Insurance Co.

Insurance Commissioner Diane Koken withdrew her claims against Medical
Professional Agency Inc., of Blue Bell, an insurance-claims agency that worked
for PIC, along with one of three claims against its owner, Mark S. Cocco, "upon
further review of the evidence."

Specifically, Koken dropped her accusation that Cocco had pocketed "excessive
commissions" from PIC.

She still accuses him and more than a dozen other former PIC officers and
contractors of "breaches of fiduciary duty" for failing to stop what the state
maintains was a conspiracy by PIC to rake off profits and hide the company's
true financial condition. Cocco and the other defendants have denied the
charges.

The state's decision followed the recent dismissal by U.S. District Court Judge
John P. Fullam of the state's complaints against four other PIC contractors -
Risk Management Strategies, of Devon, and its owner, Michael Thistle, and Dennis
H.L. Chandler of Barbados and his company, Risk Management Services.

The state also recently settled claims against former PIC actuary Maher
Associates Inc., and another potential party to the case, the prominent
Philadelphia law firm of Dilworth Paxson L.L.P.

Joseph N. DiStefano can be reached at 215-854-5957 or jdistefano@phillynews.com.

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Loose Change

                  Copyright 2001 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              631 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                           December 12, 2015 Saturday

Federal Jury in Austin Convicts Mexican Businessman in Money Laundering
Conspiracy Involving Los Zetas Drug Distribution Proceeds

LENGTH: 573  words


In Austin this afternoon, 54-year-old Mexican businessman Francisco Colorado
Cessa faces up to 20 years in federal prison after a jury convicted him of
scheming to launder millions of dollars in Los Zetas drug distribution proceeds
through purchasing, training, breeding and racing American quarter horses in the
United States, announced United States Attorney Richard L. Durbin, Jr., FBI
Special Agent in Charge Christopher H. Combs, Internal Revenue Service-Criminal
Investigation Special Agent in Charge William Cotter and Drug Enforcement
Administration Special Agent in Charge Joseph M. Arabit.

Jurors convicted Colorado Cessa of one count of conspiracy to commit money
laundering. Trial testimony revealed a shell game by Colorado Cessa, a close
associate of the Zetas drug cartels top leaders including Miguel Angel Trevino
Morales (aka Z-40), Oscar Omar Trevino Morales (aka Z-42), and others involving
straw purchasers and transactions worth millions of dollars in New Mexico,
Oklahoma, California and Texas to disguise the source of the drug money and make
the proceeds from the sale of quarter horses or their race winnings appear
legitimate.

Colorado-Cessa was the owner of ADT Petroservicios, an oil services company in
Mexico doing business with the Mexican National Oil Company PEMEX. Testimony and
evidence revealed that Miguel Angel Trevino Morales, the leader of Los Zetas
drug cartel, provided drug proceeds to Colorado-Cessa. Colorado-Cessa then
laundered those proceeds through his company to eventually purchase quarter
horses for both himself and the leaders of the Los Zetas at quarter horse
auctions and private sales in the United States.

Over 400 quarter horses seized by federal authorities in June 2012 as part of
the above mentioned money laundering operation have been sold for approximately
$12 million. One of the seized horses, Tempting Dash, winner of the Dash for
Cash at Lone Star Park race track in Grand Prairie, TX, in October 2009, sold at
an auction for a record $1.7 million in November 2013.

On September 5, 2013, a federal judge sentenced Colorado Cessa to 20 years in
federal prison after a jury convicted him of the same charge. That conviction
and sentence was reversed by the 5th Circuit Court of Appeals in June 2015, and
the case was remanded back to the District Court for this recent trial.

Todays conviction affirms that two separate juries, hearing the same evidence,
found Mr. Colorado guilty of laundering money for the Zetas drug cartel, said
IRS-Criminal Investigation Special Agent in Charge William Cotter. When choosing
to make the tempting dash for the prize, Mr. Colorado should have known that IRS
Special Agents would eventually beat him to the finish line, uncovering the
complex layering of transactions Colorado used in laundering the Zetas narcotics
profits.

This investigation was conducted by agents with the Federal Bureau of
Investigation, Internal Revenue Service- Criminal Investigation and the Drug
Enforcement Administration with assistance from the United States Marshals
Service, Immigration and Customs Enforcement Homeland Security Investigations
(ICE-HSI) and U.S. Border Patrol. Other judicial districts involved in this
matter include the Western District of Oklahoma, Central District of California,
Southern District of Texas, District of New Mexico and the U.S. Department of
Treasurys Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC). 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              632 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Erie Times-News (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           October 12, 2011 Wednesday

Fairview man indicted on mail-fraud, money-laundering charges

BYLINE: Lisa Thompson, Erie Times-News, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 437 words


Oct. 12--A Fairview Township man has been indicted on charges he took more than
$1 million from three customers for power generators and equipment that were
never delivered.

Shawn W. Vaught, 36, of the 6900 block of Water Street, faces charges of money
laundering and mail fraud in a 37-count indictment filed Tuesday in U.S.
District Court in Erie.

The U.S. Attorney's Office alleges that Vaught -- using the company names
Infinite Power & Design LLC, Infinite Power & Energy LLC, and Performance
Engineering -- claimed to be involved in the sale, refurbishment and design of
commercial power-generator engine sets and related equipment.

He then accepted more than $1.1 million from three different clients between
2006 and 2010 for generator equipment that was never delivered.

According to the indictment, Vaught fraudulently induced customers to enter into
purchase agreements and made false representations regarding the availability
and status of the generators. He also made excuses as to why the generators had
not been delivered.

In one e-mail quoted in the indictment, he said: "I will need to know on a date
when the deposit will be released to us! I have other jobs that may come before
yours if we don't get it by Thursday!"

Vaught used the funds from his business accounts to pay off debts related to a
bankruptcy filed in Missouri, and also to pay taxes and other business and
personal expenses, the government said.

The victims, according to the indictment were Erie Shipbuilding LLC, of 220 E.
Bayfront Parkway, Erie; Reserve Holdings LLC, of Menominee, Mich.; and Facility
Gateway Corp., of McFarland, Wis.

The charges carry a maximum possible sentence of 640 years in prison, a fine of
$9.25 million, or both.

Assistant U.S. Attorney Marshall J. Piccinini is prosecuting the case, which was
investigated by the FBI, the Internal Revenue Service's Criminal Investigation
unit, and the state police.

Court records show Vaught is also awaiting trial on theft charges in Erie County
Court.

State police at Girard in June said Vaught defrauded customers out of $40,000 in
cash and automobile parts.

Police said Vaught, operating at Middle Road in Fairview Township, did not
properly fill the orders of five paying customers from five states from April
2010 to March.

One of the victims listed in Tuesday's indictment, Facility Gateway Corp., also
sued Vaught in U.S. District Court in Erie in April on claims of breach of
contract.

LISA THOMPSON can be reached at 870-1802 or by e-mail.

___ (c)2011 the Erie Times-News (Erie, Pa.) Visit the Erie Times-News (Erie,
Pa.) at www.GoErie.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20111012-EI-Fairview-man-indicted-on-mail-fraud-money-laundering
-charges-1012-20111012

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EI


                         Copyright 2011 Erie Times-News


                              633 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 24, 2017 Tuesday

Washington: Six Mission, Texas Residents Plead Guilty to Participating in Drug
Trafficking and Money Laundering Scheme

LENGTH: 474  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Department of Justice has issued the following news release:





    In San Antonio today, six more individuals pleaded guilty to their roles in
a drug trafficking and money laundering conspiracy occurring in South Texas,
Central Texas and Oklahoma announced United States Attorney Richard L. Durbin,
Jr., Western District of Texas; United States Attorney Kenneth Magidson,
Southern District of Texas; Internal Revenue Service-Criminal Investigation
Special Agent in Charge William Cotter, San Antonio Division; and, Drug
Enforcement Administration Special Agent in Charge Joseph M. Arabit, Houston
Division.





    Appearing before United States District Judge Xavier Rodriguez this
afternoon, the following defendants pleaded guilty to conspiracy to commit money
laundering: 47-year-old Norma Leticia Villarreal-Garcia (*two counts);
36-year-old Iza Corina Flores-Alanis; 24-year-old Juan Antonio Villarreal;
57-year-old Jose Luis Villarreal-Arelis (aka "El Cosas"); 47-year-old Nancy
Isela Villarreal-Gonzalez; and, 27-year-old Gilberto Villarreal-Villarreal.



    By pleading guilty, the defendants admittedly conspired since January 2000
to: (1) engage in financial transactions using proceeds derived from the
importation, receiving, concealment, buying, and/or selling cocaine; and (2),
transport or transmit monetary instruments to locations outside of the United
States in an effort to conceal the source, ownership and control of proceeds
derived from unlawful activity.



    The defendants face up to 20 years in federal prison for the money
laundering conspiracy charge. Sentencing is scheduled for May 24, 2017.



    To date, 12 defendants have entered guilty pleas resulting from this
investigation. Four defendants--45-year-old Reymundo Villarreal-Arelis (aka
"Mundo"); 37-year-old Jesus Jaime Andrade of Mission; 66-year-old Sergio
Guadalupe Adame-Ochoa of McAllen, TX; and, Gilberto Villarreal-Arelis (aka
"Beto", "Betito")--remain under indictment in this case. Gilberto
Villarreal-Arelis remains a fugitive. Jury selection and trial is set for March
13, 2017.



    An indictment is merely a charge and should not be considered as evidence of
guilt. The defendants are presumed innocent until proven guilty in a court of
law.



    This investigation was conducted by the Internal Revenue Service-Criminal
Investigation Waco Treasury Task Force comprised of IRS-CI, Irving Police
Department, Woodway Police Department, Texas Department of Public Safety and the
McLennan County Sheriff's Office together with the Drug Enforcement
Administration's McAllen, San Antonio and Houston field offices and Homeland
Security Investigations.








 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              634 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 24, 2017 Tuesday

Washington: Six Mission, Texas Residents Plead Guilty to Participating in Drug
Trafficking and Money Laundering Scheme

LENGTH: 474  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Department of Justice has issued the following news release:





    In San Antonio today, six more individuals pleaded guilty to their roles in
a drug trafficking and money laundering conspiracy occurring in South Texas,
Central Texas and Oklahoma announced United States Attorney Richard L. Durbin,
Jr., Western District of Texas; United States Attorney Kenneth Magidson,
Southern District of Texas; Internal Revenue Service-Criminal Investigation
Special Agent in Charge William Cotter, San Antonio Division; and, Drug
Enforcement Administration Special Agent in Charge Joseph M. Arabit, Houston
Division.





    Appearing before United States District Judge Xavier Rodriguez this
afternoon, the following defendants pleaded guilty to conspiracy to commit money
laundering: 47-year-old Norma Leticia Villarreal-Garcia (*two counts);
36-year-old Iza Corina Flores-Alanis; 24-year-old Juan Antonio Villarreal;
57-year-old Jose Luis Villarreal-Arelis (aka "El Cosas"); 47-year-old Nancy
Isela Villarreal-Gonzalez; and, 27-year-old Gilberto Villarreal-Villarreal.



    By pleading guilty, the defendants admittedly conspired since January 2000
to: (1) engage in financial transactions using proceeds derived from the
importation, receiving, concealment, buying, and/or selling cocaine; and (2),
transport or transmit monetary instruments to locations outside of the United
States in an effort to conceal the source, ownership and control of proceeds
derived from unlawful activity.



    The defendants face up to 20 years in federal prison for the money
laundering conspiracy charge. Sentencing is scheduled for May 24, 2017.



    To date, 12 defendants have entered guilty pleas resulting from this
investigation. Four defendants--45-year-old Reymundo Villarreal-Arelis (aka
"Mundo"); 37-year-old Jesus Jaime Andrade of Mission; 66-year-old Sergio
Guadalupe Adame-Ochoa of McAllen, TX; and, Gilberto Villarreal-Arelis (aka
"Beto", "Betito")--remain under indictment in this case. Gilberto
Villarreal-Arelis remains a fugitive. Jury selection and trial is set for March
13, 2017.



    An indictment is merely a charge and should not be considered as evidence of
guilt. The defendants are presumed innocent until proven guilty in a court of
law.



    This investigation was conducted by the Internal Revenue Service-Criminal
Investigation Waco Treasury Task Force comprised of IRS-CI, Irving Police
Department, Woodway Police Department, Texas Department of Public Safety and the
McLennan County Sheriff's Office together with the Drug Enforcement
Administration's McAllen, San Antonio and Houston field offices and Homeland
Security Investigations.








 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              635 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 18, 2015 Saturday

Tennessee: Marion County Man Charged with Money Laundering, Promoting
Prostitution

LENGTH: 239  words

DATELINE: Nashville


Tennessee Bureau of Investigation has issue the following news Release:

An investigation by Special Agents with the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation
and other local and federal agencies has resulted in the arrest of a Marion
County man today on charges of promoting prostitution and money laundering.

At the request of then-16th District Attorney General Bill Whitesell, TBI
Special Agents, working in conjunction with agents with Homeland Security and
Immigration Customs Enforcement, and officers with the Murfreesboro and Smyrna
Police Departments, began investigating Jin S. Chung on June 7, 2013. During the
course of the investigation, Agents developed information that between March
2010 and January 2015, Chung was involved in building various massage parlors
and spas across the state, including two in Rutherford County, that are
suspected of promoting prostitution.

On April 8th, the Rutherford County Grand Jury returned indictments charging
Chung, 71, with 13 counts of Money Laundering, one count of Conspiracy for Money
Laundering, two counts of Promoting Prostitution and one count of Conspiracy to
Promote Prostitution. The South Pittsburg man was arrested near Chattanooga
today by TBI Agents and was transported to the Rutherford County Jail, where he
was booked. Chung is being held on a $500,000 bond.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              636 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           December 20, 2003 Saturday
                              Late Edition - Final

Ex-Trader Of Energy At Merrill Pleads Guilty

BYLINE:  By Bloomberg News

SECTION: Section C; Column 4; Business/Financial Desk; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 425 words


Daniel Gordon, a former Merrill Lynch & Company chief energy trader, pleaded
guilty yesterday to money laundering and wire fraud, admitting he embezzled $43
million in 2000 from Merrill.

Mr. Gordon, 27, admitted creating a bogus energy trade between Merrill and an
offshore company he incorporated. In documents filed in federal court in
Manhattan, the government contended he conspired with unidentified Merrill
managing directors to falsify financial information. He faces as long as 55
years in prison, said Jane Levine, an assistant United States attorney.

Mr. Gordon told the court his superiors knew he was altering records to improve
the energy unit's earnings in preparation for its $490 million sale to the
Allegheny Energy Services Corporation in 2001.

"The decision was made by my superiors to make the division look more profitable
by altering certain of the data," Mr. Gordon told the court.

A Merrill spokesman, Mark Herr, declined to comment.

Mr. Gordon pleaded guilty to one count of wire fraud, one count of money
laundering and one count of conspiracy to falsify records of a public company.
He has agreed to cooperate with prosecutors as part of his plea and to forfeit
the $43 million he stole. He faces a fine as high as twice the amount he stole.

"The prosecutors will try to find out if he has any information that would
implicate others in the wrongdoing," a Duke University law professor, James Cox,
said on Bloomberg Radio's "Big Picture" program. "His cooperation will earn him
fewer months in jail, perhaps even years in jail."

Even with cooperation, Mr. Cox predicted that Mr. Gordon will spend many years
in prison. "If he's charged with laundering all the $43 million he allegedly
stole, he'll be looking at a potential sentence closer to the maximum, under the
money laundering laws," said Peter Djinis, a senior prosecutor in the criminal
division of the Justice Department from 1986 to 1990.

In August 2000, Mr. Gordon incorporated two offshore companies without telling
Merrill Lynch, and set up a fake energy trade with one of the companies, Falcon
Energy Holdings S.A., according to a Nov. 21, 2002, letter written by Mr. Levine
said.

Mr. Gordon told the court he created a fictitious entity to which he routed
money after he was unable to create an insurance hedge for a Merrill transaction
in 2000.

Mr. Gordon persuaded Merrill to wire $43 million to the Swiss bank account of
Falcon supposedly in return for power Merrill could sell in California from July
1, 2003, through Dec. 31, 2012, Ms. Levine wrote.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 20, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2003 The New York Times Company


                              637 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                        Calgary Herald (Alberta, Canada)

                          June 2, 2000, Friday, FINAL

Ukraine's ex-PM indicted for laundering cash

BYLINE: Reuters

SECTION: News; A14

LENGTH: 334 words

DATELINE: SAN FRANCISCO


Former Ukraine prime minister Pavlo Lazarenko has been indicted by a federal
grand jury on charges he laundered about $114 million US he extorted while in
office, U.S. officials said Thursday.

Lazarenko, who served as prime minister between May 1996 and July 1997, is being
held without bail in California pending resolution of an extradition request
from Switzerland, where he also faces money-laundering charges.

The U.S. indictments include one count of conspiracy to commit money laundering,
seven counts of money laundering, and 23 counts of transportation of stolen
property. The indictments were made by a federal grand jury on May 18 and
unsealed Thursday, the U.S. Attorney's Office for Northern California said in a
statement.

The indictment alleges that during his time as a government official in Ukraine,
Lazarenko demanded and received secret payments from individuals and entities as
a condition of doing business in the country.

It further alleges Lazarenko set up bank accounts in Switzerland and other
countries where he deposited the money and used these accounts to disguise ''the
location, source and ownership'' of the funds.

''According to the charges, between 1994 and 1999 Mr. Lazarenko transferred
approximately $114 million that he had corruptly and fraudulently received into
bank and brokerage accounts in the United States,'' the U.S. Attorney's Office
said in a statement.

''The indictment further alleges that Mr. Lazarenko laundered over $20 million
through bank accounts in the United States,'' the statement said, adding that it
called for Lazarenko to forfeit to the United States all property involved in
the money-laundering offences.

Acting on a U.S. request, Swiss authorities in September froze some 20 bank
accounts believed to belong to Lazarenko.

Lazarenko, who denies the Swiss money-laundering charges, has been held by U.S.
authorities since February 1999 after being detained in New York for visa
irregularities.


LOAD-DATE: June 2, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 2000 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              638 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                             June 30, 2015 Tuesday

Oklahoma Scene

BYLINE: From Staff Reports

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 581 words


Mickelson tied to money laundering caseNearly $3 million transferred from golfer
Phil Mickelson to an intermediary was part of "an illegal gambling operation
which accepted and placed bets on sporting events," according to two sources and
court documents obtained by Outside the Lines.Mickelson, a five-time major
winner and one of the PGA Tour's wealthiest and most popular players, has not
been charged with a crime and is not under federal investigation. But a
56-year-old former sports gambling handicapper, acting as a conduit for an
offshore gambling operation, pleaded guilty last week to laundering
approximately $2.75 million of money that two sources told Outside the Lines
belonged to Mickelson.Gregory Silveira of La Quinta&nbsp;reached an agreement
with prosecutors and pleaded guilty to three counts of money laundering of
funds. Sources familiar with the case said Mickelson, who was not named in court
documents, is the unnamed "gambling client."Trier, Evans help USA rout
CroatiaFormer Oklahoma prep standout Allonzo Trier scored 17 points to help the
U.S. Under-19 men's basketball team to a 103-81 rout of Croatia in their opening
game of the 2015 FIBA World Championship Sunday in Greece.Trier, an Arizona
signee who played for homeschool OKC Storm and Tulsa NOAH before headed out of
state to complete his high school career, was one of five double-digit scorers
for the U.S., which plays its second Group A game Tuesday against Egypt.Oklahoma
State incoming freshman guard Jawun Evans had two rebounds and an assist in 15
minutes of play for the Americans.Former OKC Hornet diesFormer&nbsp;New
Orleans/Oklahoma City Hornets forward&nbsp;Jackson&nbsp;Vroman&nbsp;died Monday
after a car accident.

He was 34.

The 6-foot-10&nbsp;Iowa State product&nbsp;was&nbsp;selected&nbsp;in the second
round of the NBA Draft by the Chicago Bulls in 2004. He played in 41 games for
the&nbsp;Hornets in 2005-06, his last season in the NBA, averaging 1.9 points
and 2.1 rebounds per game. Vroman finished with career averages of 3.3 points
and 3.0 rebounds per game in four NBA seasons.

Vroman played for the Lebanse national basketball team, which&nbsp;announced his
death Monday evening.OSU Softball adds two coachesCharlotte Morgan and Stacie
Pestrak have joined the Oklahoma State softball staff, the school announced on
Monday.New head coach Kenny Gajewski said Morgan will make an immediate impact
on the Cowgirls' pitching staff. Morgan spent the past two season as Georgia
Tech's pitching coach.Pestrak was with Gajewski in Florida for the last two
years helping the Gators win back-to-back National Championships.Gajewski was
named head coach on June 13. Rich Wieligman was replaced after nine seasons as
the Cowgirls' head coach.Osborne to visit NEO in fallThe Athletic Department at
Northeastern Oklahoma A&amp;M College will host its first annual Legend Series
banquet featuring An Evening with Tom Osborne, former University of Nebraska
coach and football legend. The banquet will take place this September.Osborne
served as the Nebraska football team head coach for 25 years, 1973-97, and he is
noted as one of the most successful college coaches ever. One of his many
achievements includes an impressive coaching record of 255-49-3. After coaching,
Osborne was elected to national Congress as a Nebraska United States
Representative where he served three terms.&nbsp; He then returned to Nebraska
as athletic director until he retired in 2013.From Staff Reports&nbsp;&nbsp;

LOAD-DATE: July 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2015 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              639 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                             June 30, 2015 Tuesday

Oklahoma Scene

BYLINE: From Staff Reports

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 581 words


Mickelson tied to money laundering caseNearly $3 million transferred from golfer
Phil Mickelson to an intermediary was part of "an illegal gambling operation
which accepted and placed bets on sporting events," according to two sources and
court documents obtained by Outside the Lines.Mickelson, a five-time major
winner and one of the PGA Tour's wealthiest and most popular players, has not
been charged with a crime and is not under federal investigation. But a
56-year-old former sports gambling handicapper, acting as a conduit for an
offshore gambling operation, pleaded guilty last week to laundering
approximately $2.75 million of money that two sources told Outside the Lines
belonged to Mickelson.Gregory Silveira of La Quinta&nbsp;reached an agreement
with prosecutors and pleaded guilty to three counts of money laundering of
funds. Sources familiar with the case said Mickelson, who was not named in court
documents, is the unnamed "gambling client."Trier, Evans help USA rout
CroatiaFormer Oklahoma prep standout Allonzo Trier scored 17 points to help the
U.S. Under-19 men's basketball team to a 103-81 rout of Croatia in their opening
game of the 2015 FIBA World Championship Sunday in Greece.Trier, an Arizona
signee who played for homeschool OKC Storm and Tulsa NOAH before headed out of
state to complete his high school career, was one of five double-digit scorers
for the U.S., which plays its second Group A game Tuesday against Egypt.Oklahoma
State incoming freshman guard Jawun Evans had two rebounds and an assist in 15
minutes of play for the Americans.Former OKC Hornet diesFormer&nbsp;New
Orleans/Oklahoma City Hornets forward&nbsp;Jackson&nbsp;Vroman&nbsp;died Monday
after a car accident.

He was 34.

The 6-foot-10&nbsp;Iowa State product&nbsp;was&nbsp;selected&nbsp;in the second
round of the NBA Draft by the Chicago Bulls in 2004. He played in 41 games for
the&nbsp;Hornets in 2005-06, his last season in the NBA, averaging 1.9 points
and 2.1 rebounds per game. Vroman finished with career averages of 3.3 points
and 3.0 rebounds per game in four NBA seasons.

Vroman played for the Lebanse national basketball team, which&nbsp;announced his
death Monday evening.OSU Softball adds two coachesCharlotte Morgan and Stacie
Pestrak have joined the Oklahoma State softball staff, the school announced on
Monday.New head coach Kenny Gajewski said Morgan will make an immediate impact
on the Cowgirls' pitching staff. Morgan spent the past two season as Georgia
Tech's pitching coach.Pestrak was with Gajewski in Florida for the last two
years helping the Gators win back-to-back National Championships.Gajewski was
named head coach on June 13. Rich Wieligman was replaced after nine seasons as
the Cowgirls' head coach.Osborne to visit NEO in fallThe Athletic Department at
Northeastern Oklahoma A&amp;M College will host its first annual Legend Series
banquet featuring An Evening with Tom Osborne, former University of Nebraska
coach and football legend. The banquet will take place this September.Osborne
served as the Nebraska football team head coach for 25 years, 1973-97, and he is
noted as one of the most successful college coaches ever. One of his many
achievements includes an impressive coaching record of 255-49-3. After coaching,
Osborne was elected to national Congress as a Nebraska United States
Representative where he served three terms.&nbsp; He then returned to Nebraska
as athletic director until he retired in 2013.From Staff Reports&nbsp;&nbsp;

LOAD-DATE: July 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2015 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              640 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   February 06, 1996, Tuesday, Final Edition

3 Charged With Money Laundering

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B04; CRIME AND JUSTICE

LENGTH: 249 words


Three men from a local Chinese American group were among 26 people nationwide
indicted on money-laundering charges in a federal probe of Asian gangs,
authorities said yesterday.

Undercover agents posing as money launderers created a front business, Jasmine
Inc., that purported to have to large amounts of cash from Colombian cocaine
trafficking. They approached the business organizations suspected of running
gambling and drug operations with offers to invest in the illegal enterprises,
according to a statement from the U.S. attorney's office in Atlanta.

Two Washington area men, one from Columbia and the other from Alexandria, were
arrested yesterday morning at their homes, said Susan Lloyd, a spokeswoman for
the FBI's Washington office. A third man was arrested at 6 p.m. Sunday at his
home in McLean. The FBI would not release their names or the specific charges
against them.

The arrests were the result of a two-year investigation by FBI and Immigration
and Naturalization Service agents into the business and fraternal organizations
Hip Sing Tong, Hung Mung Association, San Gian Tong and the Fujien Fellowship
Association of Southeast Georgia. The three suburban Washington men were members
of Hip Sing Tong, Lloyd said.

A statement from the U.S. attorney's office in Atlanta said the targeted groups
were involved in illegal gambling, extortion, loan sharking and drug trafficking
in a number of cities, including Boston, Denver, New York and San Francisco.

LOAD-DATE: February 06, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1996 The Washington Post


                              641 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Monitor (McAllen, Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            December 2, 2013 Monday

Fugitive ex-Tamaulipas governor indicted on money laundering, drug charges

BYLINE: Ildefonso Ortiz, The Monitor, McAllen, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 249 words


Dec. 02--MCALLEN -- The former governor of Tamaulipas, Tomas Yarrington
Ruvalcaba, has been charged with racketeering, money laundering and other
charges.

An indictment that was unsealed today, but had been handed down in May 2013 by a
grand jury in Brownsville, charges Yarrington, 56, and Fernando Alejandro Cano,
57, with conspiring to violate provisions of the Racketeer Influenced Corrupt
Organization statute, as well as with conspiracy to launder money, conspiracy to
defraud and conspiracy to make false statements to U.S. banks, a news release
from the U.S. Attorney's Office shows. The case against Yarrington was worked by
U.S. Homeland Security Investigations, DEA, IRS's criminal investigation
division and the FBI.

Yarrington is also facing controlled substances charges, bank fraud charges and
other financial fraud charges. He was the governor of Tamaulipas from 1999 to
2004.

According to court records, from 1998 Yarrington received large bribes from the
Gulf Cartel and the Zetas and from 2007 to 2009 became involved in cocaine
smuggling through the port of Veracruz.

Yarrington and Cano are now considered fugitives and have outstanding warrants
for their arrest. Anyone with information as to their whereabouts is asked to
call Homeland Security Investigations at 956-542-5811, if calling from Mexico
call 001-800-010-5237

Check back for updates

___ (c)2013 The Monitor (McAllen, Texas) Visit The Monitor (McAllen, Texas) at
www.themonitor.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20131202-MC-Fugitive-ex-Tamaulipas-governor-indicted-on-money-laundering
-drug-charges-1202-20131202

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MC


                           Copyright 2013 The Monitor


                              642 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 28, 2015 Monday

Ukrainian National Extradited From Poland To Face Charges Related To $10 Million
Cyber Money Laundering Operation

LENGTH: 516  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Office for the United States Attorneys, Western District of North Carolina has
issued the following news release:



  A Ukrainian national made his initial appearance today in federal court in
Charlotte, North Carolina, after being extradited from Poland to face charges
relating to a $10 million international money laundering operation, announced
Assistant Attorney General Leslie R. Caldwell of the Justice Department's
Criminal Division, U.S. Attorney Jill Westmoreland Rose of the Western District
of North Carolina and Special Agent in Charge John A. Strong of the FBI's
Charlotte, North Carolina, Division.





 Viktor Chostak, 34, of Ukraine, along with three other individuals, are charged
in a 25-count indictment with conspiracy to commit money laundering, eleven
counts of money laundering, conspiracy to commit computer fraud, conspiracy to
transport stolen property, conspiracy to commit access device fraud, four counts
of transporting stolen property and six counts of aggravated identity theft.



 According to a redacted version of the indictment unsealed today, beginning in
September 2007, Chostak and three other conspirators were members of an
international money laundering organization.  The organization created and
operated a sophisticated online infrastructure that allowed hackers to obtain
and conceal stolen money, primarily from U.S. companies' bank accounts, and
transfer it to countries outside the United States.  The organization created
seemingly legitimate websites for fake companies, then sent spam emails
advertising employment opportunities.  When an individual responded to the spam
solicitations, the organization put the applicant through what appeared to be a
legitimate hiring process.  The organization falsely represented that the
individual's job was to receive payments from businesses into their personal
bank accounts, withdraw the money, then wire the funds to the company's partners
overseas.  In reality, the individuals merely acted as money mules, processing
hackers' stolen proceeds and wiring them out of the country to other
conspirators.  The organization allegedly laundered at least $10 million in
stolen money from the United States overseas.



 According to the indictment, Chostak recruited, hired and managed others who
oversaw the money mule operations.  Chostak also allegedly worked with computer
programmers to meet the needs of the organization's online infrastructure.



 An indictment is merely an allegation and the defendants are presumed innocent
unless and until proven guilty beyond a reasonable doubt in a court of law.



 The case is being investigated by the FBI's Charlotte Division.  The Criminal
Division's Office of International Affairs also provided assistance.  The case
is being prosecuted by Trial Attorneys Jocelyn Aqua and Ryan K. Dickey of the
Criminal Division's Computer Crime and Intellectual Property Section, and
Assistant U.S. Attorney Kevin Zolot of the Western District of North Carolina.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: January 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              643 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 28, 2015 Monday

Ukrainian National Extradited From Poland To Face Charges Related To $10 Million
Cyber Money Laundering Operation

LENGTH: 516  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Office for the United States Attorneys, Western District of North Carolina has
issued the following news release:



  A Ukrainian national made his initial appearance today in federal court in
Charlotte, North Carolina, after being extradited from Poland to face charges
relating to a $10 million international money laundering operation, announced
Assistant Attorney General Leslie R. Caldwell of the Justice Department's
Criminal Division, U.S. Attorney Jill Westmoreland Rose of the Western District
of North Carolina and Special Agent in Charge John A. Strong of the FBI's
Charlotte, North Carolina, Division.





 Viktor Chostak, 34, of Ukraine, along with three other individuals, are charged
in a 25-count indictment with conspiracy to commit money laundering, eleven
counts of money laundering, conspiracy to commit computer fraud, conspiracy to
transport stolen property, conspiracy to commit access device fraud, four counts
of transporting stolen property and six counts of aggravated identity theft.



 According to a redacted version of the indictment unsealed today, beginning in
September 2007, Chostak and three other conspirators were members of an
international money laundering organization.  The organization created and
operated a sophisticated online infrastructure that allowed hackers to obtain
and conceal stolen money, primarily from U.S. companies' bank accounts, and
transfer it to countries outside the United States.  The organization created
seemingly legitimate websites for fake companies, then sent spam emails
advertising employment opportunities.  When an individual responded to the spam
solicitations, the organization put the applicant through what appeared to be a
legitimate hiring process.  The organization falsely represented that the
individual's job was to receive payments from businesses into their personal
bank accounts, withdraw the money, then wire the funds to the company's partners
overseas.  In reality, the individuals merely acted as money mules, processing
hackers' stolen proceeds and wiring them out of the country to other
conspirators.  The organization allegedly laundered at least $10 million in
stolen money from the United States overseas.



 According to the indictment, Chostak recruited, hired and managed others who
oversaw the money mule operations.  Chostak also allegedly worked with computer
programmers to meet the needs of the organization's online infrastructure.



 An indictment is merely an allegation and the defendants are presumed innocent
unless and until proven guilty beyond a reasonable doubt in a court of law.



 The case is being investigated by the FBI's Charlotte Division.  The Criminal
Division's Office of International Affairs also provided assistance.  The case
is being prosecuted by Trial Attorneys Jocelyn Aqua and Ryan K. Dickey of the
Criminal Division's Computer Crime and Intellectual Property Section, and
Assistant U.S. Attorney Kevin Zolot of the Western District of North Carolina.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              644 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 20, 2014 Friday

Massachusetts: Five Worcester Residents Indicted for Marijuana Trafficking and
Money Laundering Scheme

LENGTH: 688  words

DATELINE: Boston


United States Attorney's Office for the District of Massachusetts has issued the
following press release:

In a 91-count superseding indictment unsealed yesterday, five Worcester
residents were charged with participating in a marijuana trafficking and money
laundering scheme.

Huy Anh Lam, a/k/a Henry; Nhi Ai Thi Lam, a/k/a Cindy, Cindy Nguyen, and Lien
Mach; An Bao Lam, a/k/a Bao; Diemphuc Thi Lam, a/k/a Diem Lam and Deedee; and
Dan Pham, all of Worcester, were charged with multiple crimes relating to the
scheme, including conspiracy to possess with intent to distribute 100 kilograms
or more of marijuana, money laundering conspiracy, structuring conspiracy,
structuring transactions to evade reporting requirements, money laundering,
unlawful monetary transactions, perjury, and aiding and abetting.

The first three defendants, Huy Lam, Nhi Lam, and An Bao Lam, were arrested
yesterday in Worcester and appeared in U.S. District Court in Boston. All have
been detained in custody pending a detention hearing which is scheduled for the
afternoon of, June 10, 2014, in Boston.

Among other offenses, the superseding indictment alleges from April 2009 until
the present, four of the defendants, Huy Lam, Nhi Lam, An Bao Lam, and Diemphuc
Lam, conspired to traffic at least 100 kilograms of marijuana and that the
conspiracy involved criminal activity in Massachusetts, Connecticut, New
Hampshire, Rhode Island, California, and Washington State.

The superseding indictment alleges that all five defendants conspired to launder
hundreds of thousands of dollars in drug proceeds in the course of renting
vacation homes in Connecticut, Rhode Island, and New Hampshire. The defendants
conspired by receiving shipped packages of marijuana at the vacation homes, and
exchanging cash drug proceeds in small denomination bills for apparently "clean"
money by stuffing "huge amounts" of cash into casino slot machines in
Connecticut and Rhode Island and then withdrawing it from the casinos in $100
bills. Furthermore, the defendants shipped large amounts of currency from New
England to California and Washington via the U.S. Postal Service, Federal
Express, and United Parcel Service. The defendants used drug proceeds in
Massachusetts to purchase real property and luxury vehicles, including a 2012
Range Rover Sport SUV, a 2013 Cadillac Escalade, and a 2013 Nissan GT-R
custom-built sports car. The vehicles have been seized by law enforcement for
possible forfeiture in the criminal case.

The charge of marijuana conspiracy carries a mandatory minimum sentence of five
years and maximum sentence of 40 years in prison, a minimum of four years of
supervised release and a $5 million fine. Each count of money laundering carries
a maximum sentence of 20 years in prison, three years of supervised release and
a fine of $500,000 or twice the value of the laundered property. Each unlawful
monetary transaction charge carries a maximum sentence of 10 years in prison,
three years of supervised release and a fine of $250,000 or twice the value of
the property involved. Each count of structuring carries a maximum sentence of
10 years in prison, three years of supervised release and a fine of $250,000.
Perjury carries a maximum sentence of five years in prison, three years of
supervised release and a fine of $250,000.

United States Attorney Carmen M. Ortiz; William P. Offord, Special Agent in
Charge of the Internal Revenue Service's Criminal Investigation in Boston;
Shelly Binkowski, Inspector in Charge of the U.S. Postal Inspection Service; and
Michael Ferguson, Acting Special Agent in Charge of the Drug Enforcement
Administration, Boston Field Division, made the announcement today. The case is
being prosecuted by Richard L. Hoffman and Timothy E. Moran of Ortiz's Strike
Force Unit, Cory Flashner of Ortiz's Worcester Branch Office and Doreen Rachal
of Ortiz's Asset Forfeiture Unit.

The details contained in the superseding indictment are allegations. The
defendants are presumed innocent unless and until proven guilty beyond a
reasonable doubt in a court of law.

For more information please visit: http://www.justice.gov/usao/ma

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              645 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Manchester Evening News

                           December 14, 2010 Tuesday

BYLINE: WFnode

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 589 words


By Chris Osuh

A LEGAL receptionist accused of money laundering has protested her

innocence.

Jacqueline Craddock, who worked at a leading Manchester law firm, is accused

of laundering cash generated by the theft of two properties from a landlord.

Keith Ferguson, 39, bought the two houses in Cheetham Hill in the early

nineties. But, in 2008 he learnt that both of them had been sold under his

nose years before for a total of  £79,000.

Manchester Crown Court heard a distant relative of Mr Ferguson, Trevor

Jones, 60, of no fixed address, used his driving licence to impersonate him

when instructing solicitors to sell the two houses, at Abercarn Close and

Crossdale Road, in 2005 and 2006. Mr Jones has admitted using a false

instrument with intent and money laundering.

It is alleged that Jacqueline Craddock, 46, of Broomhall, Pendlebury,

allowed her account to be used for transactions between Jones and the buyer,

54-year-old Keith Page, of Grove Avenue Salford.

Mr Page denies obtaining a money transfer by deception, acquiring criminal

property and entering into a money laundering agreement.

Miss Craddock, who denies money laundering, told Manchester Crown Court that

it was her partner Steve Rodgers, who had got her involved in what she

thought was a genuine property deal back in December 2005.

She claimed that she allowed her account to be used and wrote cheques which

were passed between Page and Jones without knowing that the houses had been

swindled from their true owner, Keith Ferguson.

She told court that she was never suspicious' about the deal, despite the

fact that when it was done she was left with  £24,000.

The defendant denies this was her fee for taking part in a dodgy deal. Asked

by Gary Woodhall, prosecuting, what had happened to the money, Miss Craddock

said: I don't know, I can't answer that. I just put cheques in and took

cash out, she added.

The court heard that Miss Craddock worked at Peel Court Chambers in city

centre Manchester for two years until 2008, when the practice dissolved and

the staff were made redundant.

A number of references from Manchester barristers were presented as part of

her defence case.

Neil Fryman, a barrister of twenty years experience, told court in a

statement: Not once did I ever have reason to doubt her integrity.

In a reference barrister David Tempkin told court that during his time at

Peel Court he found Miss Craddock to be entirely honest and trustworthy'.

Katie Jones, another Manchester barrister, told court in a statement that

she found Miss Craddock to be honest, hardworking, diligent and a cheery

presence'.

Mr Page is alleged to have profited from the deal by borrowing more than the

properties were worth from mortgage lenders and pocketing the excess.

In her closing speech, Lisa Judge, representing Keith Page, told court that

he was an honest man' who believed he was taking part in a legitimate

property deal and was only guilty of being stupid'. Far from profiting from

the scam, he had been left with two substantial mortgages, she claimed.

She claimed that he had trusted Trevor Jones, Steve Rodgers, and the

solicitors and mortgage advisor who had helped him buy the properties.

He took a chance, he wasn't suspicious, he wasn't dishonest, he wasn't

deceiving. He simply went along and did a property deal, she said of her

client.

He thought he was getting two properties cheap because they were being

repossessed and he was going to do them up and rent them out, she added.

She claimed the fact that he used his own identity when buying the

properties was evidence of his innocence.

Proceeding

LOAD-DATE: December 22, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              646 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 19, 2015 Monday

Washington: Worcester Man Sentenced to Prison for Marijuana Trafficking and
Money Laundering

LENGTH: 324 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: US Drug Enforcement Administration has issued the following news
release:



 A Worcester man was sentenced today in U.S. District Court in Worcester for
participating in a four-year narcotics trafficking and money laundering scheme.





 Huy Anh &ldquo;Henry&rdquo; Lam, 38, of Worcester, was sentenced by U.S.
District Court Judge Timothy S. Hillman to seven years in prison and four years
of supervised release.  Judge Hillman also forfeited Lam's interest in a house
on Whisper Drive in Worcester, three cars, a boat, bank accounts, and other
property, and ordered Lam to pay a money judgment of $500,000.  In February
2015, Lam pleaded guilty to a conspiracy to possess with intent to distribute
100 kilograms or more of marijuana, a money laundering conspiracy, a structuring
conspiracy, structuring transactions to evade reporting requirements, money
laundering, and unlawful monetary transactions.



 From 2010 to 2014, Lam trafficked at least 1,000 kilograms of marijuana, which
generated millions of dollars in proceeds.  He then used the laundered drug
proceeds to purchase two pieces of property in Worcester and luxury vehicles,
including a 2012 Range Rover Sport SUV, a 2013 Cadillac Escalade, and a 2013
Nissan GT-R custom-built sports car.



 Judge Hillman previously sentenced co-defendants Nhi Ai Thi Lam to 18 months in
prison and three years of supervised release, and Diemphuc Thi Lam to one year
and one day in prison and three years of supervised release.

 Michael J. Ferguson Special Agent in Charge of the Drug Enforcement
Administration for New England and United States Attorney Carmen M. Ortiz;
William P. Offord, Special Agent in Charge of the Internal Revenue Service's
Criminal Investigation in Boston; James V. Buthorn, Inspector in Charge of the
U.S. Postal Inspection Service, made the announcement.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              647 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                  September 8, 1999, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

Aides tell of delay in informing Clinton, Gore about allegations Lack of
evidence cited as reason for not notifying top officials

BYLINE: Bill Nichols

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 12A

LENGTH: 648 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON -- State Department and White House aides first alerted
the Justice Department in March about possible Russian money laundering
at the Bank of New York, administration officials said Tuesday.

However, Justice did not brief President Clinton, Vice President
Gore and Secretary of State Madeleine Albright until Aug. 27 --
despite repeated requests from the National Security Council (NSC)
for Justice to alert senior officials if national security or
foreign policy were compromised.

Administration officials said that Clinton, Gore and Albright
were not alerted when the State Department and NSC learned of
the allegations because of fear of interfering with a possible
ongoing Justice investigation and because it was unclear what
the facts were.


A Justice Department official defended the department's lack of
providing notification, saying that the investigation had produced
no evidence of Russian government involvement or misuse of U.S.
or International Monetary Fund loans to Russia.

Administration officials said the briefings Aug. 27 for Clinton,
Gore and others were prompted by press reports of alleged money
laundering and not because of any evidence of government involvement
or misuse of U.S. or IMF funds.

U.S. law enforcement officials are investigating the alleged laundering
through the Bank of New York of billions of dollars linked to
Russian organized crime.

Administration officials spoke at a "background" briefing for
a small group of reporters, meaning that senior administration
officials agreed to talk on the condition that they not be identified.

The officials said that the State Department was first notified
of the allegations in March when a foreign government informed
the department of an investigation into Russian organized crime
and money laundering at the Bank of New York. The officials would
not identify the foreign government.

The officials stressed that the State Department was given no
indication that U.S. aid to Russia, IMF loans or Russian government
officials was involved in the alleged laundering.

After receiving the information, the State Department notified
crime and corruption experts at the NSC and then informed Justice.
Justice officials did not indicate in March whether they had already
begun to investigate.

The next contact the administration's foreign policy team had
with Justice came four months later, the officials said, though
the Treasury Department was also flagged on a possible problem
in April by a federal regulatory agency.

When Treasury became aware that U.S. law enforcement was investigating
and the alleged laundering did not appear to involve U.S. or IMF
funds, Treasury officials made no further inquiries, Clinton aides
said.

The lag in notifying Clinton and Gore -- who is being criticized
by Democratic and Republican presidential-race opponents for spearheading
what they call faulty U.S.-Russia policy -- could cause further
political problems.

In a sign of how seriously the administration takes the money-laundering
allegations, advisers to Clinton said he will raise the issue
with Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin when the two men meet
Sunday during the Asian Pacific Economic Cooperation conference
in Auckland, New Zealand.

Clinton will tell Putin, administration officials said, that the
money-laundering allegations, though they are still being investigated,
could have major repercussions on U.S.-Russia relations.

Gore aides defended his leading role in the administration's Russia
policy, which has included being the co-chairman of a commission
on a range of U.S.-Russia issues with the Russian prime minister.

Aides to Gore said he has pushed for anti-corruption reforms and
fiscal discipline in Russia during meetings with various Russian
prime ministers.



LOAD-DATE: September 08, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W; Putin: Russian prime minister

                      Copyright 1999 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              648 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               February 16, 2000, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

Senior Bank Official Took Bribe, U.S. Says

BYLINE: By TIMOTHY L. O'BRIEN and RAYMOND BONNER

SECTION: Section A; Page 8; Column 1; Foreign Desk

LENGTH: 816 words


The Justice Department has evidence that a senior Bank of New York official
accepted a bribe from the husband and wife implicated in the money laundering
investigation at the bank, law enforcement officials said yesterday.

While the identity of the banker who is believed to have received the bribe
could not be determined, the officials said it was someone senior to Lucy
Edwards, a former Bank of New York vice president who, along with her husband,
Peter Berlin, are expected to plead guilty today to money laundering charges in
federal court in Manhattan.

Mr. Berlin, through his company, Benex International, controlled several
accounts at the bank that moved billions of dollars from Russia between 1996 and
last year.

If one of Ms. Edwards's superiors accepted a bribe to facilitate the illegal
transfer of money, it could expose the Bank of New York to possible criminal
charges in the investigation, according to experts in banking law.

So far, Ms. Edwards, who worked in the bank's Eastern European division, has
implicated the senior official, one of her superiors, in the matter, but federal
prosecutors believe that she and her husband have information that may implicate
others at the bank, according to individuals involved in the investigation.

That is a major reason why federal authorities pushed to bring the couple back
to the United States and pressured them to cooperate with the investigation.

During Congressional testimony in September, the chairman and chief executive of
the bank, Thomas A. Renyi, said that allowing the accounts to remain open was a
"lapse on the part of the bank." But an investigator said yesterday that the
couple might provide evidence that the accounts remained open not because of a
management error, but because some bank employees had chosen consciously to look
the other way.

Ms. Edwards and Mr. Berlin's lawyer, T. Barry Kingham, did not return phone
calls yesterday seeking comment. The Federal Bureau of Investigation and the
United States Attorney's office in Manhattan also declined to comment, as did
the Bank of New York.

A federal official said yesterday that no agreement had been reached with Ms.
Edwards and Mr. Berlin on the sentence they would face for a guilty plea. Their
sentence will be determined by the level of cooperation they provide to federal
investigators, the official said.

If federal authorities believe that the senior management of any company had
knowledge of possible malfeasance, they typically try to pressure lower-level
targets of an investigation to provide testimony or evidence against their
superiors. Those involved in the investigation at the Bank of New York said
yesterday that that was the strategy being used in this case.

Ms. Edwards and Mr. Berlin arrived in New York yesterday from London, where they
have lived since 1996. Previously, the couple had lived in New Jersey. Upon
their arrival, Ms. Edwards and Mr. Berlin were immediately taken into custody by
federal officials.

The money laundering charges against them relate to about $8 million in their
personal accounts, of which about $1 million is believed to be transaction fees
they earned from the Benex operation, according to people with direct knowledge
of the charges against them.

Justice Department lawyers have argued during plea negotiations with Ms. Edwards
and Mr. Berlin that the couple violated federal money laundering laws when they
moved those fees from their accounts at the Bank of New York to personal
accounts overseas, a lawyer close to the negotiations said.

Money laundering is generally defined as the practice of taking illegally
obtained gains and passing them through a series of bank transactions so they
appear as legitimate profits. Under United States law, it is a crime only if the
money is earned from illegal activity.

While the money laundering charges do not encompass the vast sums of money that
moved through Benex -- about $7 billion ---- federal officials were able to use
the charge to extradite the couple from Britain. The couple are not being
charged with laundering criminal proceeds for others, even though federal law
enforcement officials said yesterday that they believe that at least some of the
money that moved through the bank was funds earned from illicit activities.

It is generally believed, however, that a major portion of the money that flowed
through the Benex accounts represented money leaving Russia to avoid taxes or
duties there.

Law enforcement officials said the United States had been hampered in its
investigation against Ms. Edwards and Mr. Berlin because of a lack of
cooperation from Russian authorities. Teams of F.B.I. agents and prosecutors
from the United States Attorney's office have recently spent weeks in Russia
attempting to find viable working arrangements with their Russian counterparts
-- so far, to no avail.


http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 2000 The New York Times Company


                              649 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                            i-Independent Print Ltd

                               September 7, 2013
                                 First Edition

Zetas brother jailed for money laundering;
Panorama Around the world in 10 stories UNITED STATES

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 27

LENGTH: 129 words


The brother of two kingpins of Mexico's Zetas drug cartel was sentenced on
Thursday to 20 years in jail for his role in laundering money for the gang
through buying, training and racing American quarter horses.

Jose Treviño Morales, 42, his wife and two middlemen convicted with him in May
handled millions of dollars in drug proceeds for the Zetas, laundering cash
through a network of straw buyers in Texas, Oklahoma, New Mexico and California.

Armando Fernandez, an FBI agent, said Treviño sought to avoid financial
reporting requirements by making sure that no more than $10,000 in cash was ever
deposited in a single bank at any time. The money was invested in the American
quarter horse industry, and some of the horses turned out to be big winners on
the racing circuit. AP

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: III


                    Copyright 2013 Independent Print Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              650 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            September 7, 2012 Friday

Three El Pasoans arrested in cocaine, cash-laundering case

BYLINE: Adriana M. Chavez, El Paso Times, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 446 words


Sept. 07--Four people, including three in El Paso, were arrested Wednesday on
suspicion of trafficking cocaine and laundering nearly $600,000 in drug proceeds
between El Paso and Chicago.

Agents with Immigration and Customs Enforcement's Homeland Security
Investigations arrested Hugo Ambriz, 39; Roberto Lara, 24; and Martha
Marquez-Avalos, 28; all of El Paso, and Jesus Cabrales, 25, of Northlake, Ill.
Each was charged in a federal grand jury indictment on one count of conspiracy
to possess with intent to distribute 5 kilograms or more of cocaine, and one
count of conspiracy to commit money laundering.

According to the indictment, between August 2009 and March 14, Ambriz directed
the other defendants to smuggle and transport drugs to various cities in the
U.S., then return to El Paso with the proceeds of the drug sales. The proceeds
would then be taken to Juarez.

Federal prosecutors said the indictment also identifies about $560,000 in drug
proceeds taken from Chicago to El Paso.

During their investigation, agents seized $125,000 in cash and more than 8
kilograms, or nearly 18 pounds, of cocaine.

ICE officials said Ambriz, Lara and Marquez-Avalos were arrested in El Paso,
while Cabrales was arrested in Chicago. Officials said agents with the Drug
Enforcement Administration and El Paso County sheriff's deputies assisted in the
investigation.

Federal court records show that in 2001, Ambriz was sentenced to eight years in
prison after pleading

guilty to a charge of conspiracy to distribute narcotics, namely marijuana and
cocaine.

According to El Paso Times archives, a man with the same name and age as Ambriz
was arrested by heavily armed federal agents in Juarez in 1998 after he
allegedly smuggled more than 1,000 firearms, including hundreds of AK-47s, into
Mexico from the U.S. to sell to members of the Juarez drug cartel, which was led
by reputed drug lord Amado Carrillo Fuentes until his death in July 1997.

Carrillo Fuentes' brother, Vicente Carrillo Fuentes, took over as head of the
cartel after Amado Carrillo Fuentes' death.

At the time, Ambriz was arrested along with his brother, Rene Ambriz, also of El
Paso, and taken to Mexico City after officials with the Mexican attorney
general's office deemed them to be dangerous. The brothers, who lived in the
Lower Valley, were students at the University of Texas at El Paso, where Hugo
Ambriz majored in business focusing on international trade.

Adriana M. Chavezmay be reached at achavez@elpasotimes.com; 546-6117. Follow her
on Twitter @AChavezEPTimes

___ (c)2012 the El Paso Times (El Paso, Texas) Visit the El Paso Times (El Paso,
Texas) at www.elpasotimes.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120907-EY-Three-El-Pasoans-arrested-in-cocaine-cash-laundering
-case-0907-20120907

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EY


                   Copyright 2012 El Paso Times (El Paso, TX)


                              651 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 28, 2016 Wednesday

Six Individuals Charged For Their Roles In International Money Laundering And
Drug Trafficking Conspiracies

LENGTH: 1216  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office for the United States Attorneys,Southern District of New
York has issued the following news release:



   Preet Bharara, the United States Attorney for the Southern District of New
York, and John S. Comer, Special Agent in Charge of the Los Angeles Division of
the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration ("DEA"), announced today an Indictment
charging ALEJANDRO JAVIER RODRIGUEZ-JIMENEZ, JESUS RODRIGUEZ-JIMENEZ, ELOY
CARDENAS-MORENO, SERGIO URBINA, LEOBARDO TAMEZ, and MARCO CORONADO with
conspiring to commit money laundering.  ALEJANDRO JAVIER RORDIGUEZ-JIMENEZ,
JESUS RODRIGUEZ-JIMENEZ, ELOY CARDENAS-MORENO, and MARCO CORONADO were also
charged with conspiring to distribute narcotics.  ALEJANDRO JAVIER
RODRIGUEZ-JIMENEZ, JESUS RODRIUGUEZ-JIMENEZ, and MARCO CORONADO were further
charged with substantive money laundering counts.  JESUS RODRIGUEZ-JIMENEZ,
SERGIO URBINA, LEOBARDO TAMEZ, and MARCO CORONADO were all previously arrested
on criminal complaints in, respectively, Las Vegas; Orlando; McAllen, Texas; and
Houston, Texas.  The case is assigned to U.S. District Judge Katherine B.
Forrest.





 Manhattan U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara said: "As alleged, these defendants
established a shadow banking system, with stash houses in a number of American
cities where co-conspirators received proceeds of hundreds of kilograms of
cocaine and heroin, and then laundered them through accounts in North and
Central America, Europe, and Asia.  This Office, along with all of our federal
partners, is committed to stanching the flow of illegal drugs into the United
States and shutting down the financial networks that fuel the trade."



 DEA SAC John S. Comer said, "The complexity and scale of operations allegedly
consummated by this money laundering organization are immense - hundreds of
millions of drug dollars remitted across six continents on behalf of the World's
most violent drug cartels.  The investigation led by our office in Las Vegas
reflects DEA's resolve and reach; working with our international, state and
local partners, we will cripple these global organizations no matter where
they're based."



 According to the allegations in the Indictment[1], the previously filed
criminal complaints against the defendants, and statements made in Court:



 The Investigation



 Since July 2013, the DEA has been investigating an international drug
trafficking and money laundering organization (the "Organization") involved in
trafficking hundreds of kilograms of cocaine and heroin, among other narcotics,
and laundering narcotics proceeds through a variety of methods including through
one or more seemingly "legitimate" corporations under their control.   The
Organization has ties to Panama, Mexico, Italy, Spain, and the United States,
among other locations, and its members are believed to include each of the
defendants.



 This prosecution is connected to the prosecution of Roberto Ponce-Rocha, a
large-scale international narcotics trafficker based in Central and South
America, who used various methods, including commercial shipments, drivers, and
couriers to move narcotics around the world, and to import narcotics into the
United States.  Ponce-Rocha is among four individuals charged in a superseding
indictment captioned United States v. Ponce-Rocha, 16 Cr. 30 (JMF) unsealed in
the Southern District of New York on May 25, 2016.



  ALEJANDRO JAVIER RODRIGUEZ-JIMENEZ ran a number of business in Las Vegas,
Nevada, including a LED screens business that he used as a front to facilitate
money laundering transactions and to ship narcotics in connection with
Ponce-Rocha.  Together with his brother, JESUS RODRIGUEZ-JIMENEZ, who was based
in Monterrey, Mexico, ALEJANDRO JAVIER RODRIGUEZ-JIMENEZ directed their
associates, including ELOY CARDENAS-MORENO, to set up stash houses in various
cities throughout the United States, including Atlanta and Philadelphia, in
order to receive drug proceeds from criminal clients who wanted those proceeds
funneled into the international banking system.  MARCO CORONADO, SERGIO URBINA,
and LEOBARDO TAMEZ each participated in cash money pick-ups in, among other
places, New York City and Atlanta, receiving cash from narcotics traffickers
and, as directed by the RODRIGUEZ-JIMENEZ brothers, bringing that cash to
co-conspirators with directions to wire it to shell accounts in Mexico, Hong
Kong, and Italy, among other places.



  In this way, the Organization laundered hundreds of millions of dollars
through the international banking system, and facilitated the distribution of
hundreds of kilograms of cocaine and heroin, among other narcotics.



 *                *                *



 A chart containing the charges and maximum penalties for the defendants is
attached.




 Mr. Bharara praised the DEA and the Las Vegas Office of the Internal Revenue
Service, Criminal Investigation, for their work in the investigation.  Mr.
Bharara also expressed his appreciation to La Comisión Nacional de Seguridad -
Policía Federal, and La Unidad de Inteligencia Financiera, Mexican law
enforcement agencies who assisted in the investigation.



 This case is being handled by the Office's Money Laundering and Asset
Forfeiture Unit. Assistant United States Attorneys Andrew C. Adams and Noah Falk
are in charge of the prosecution.



 The charges contained in the Indictment are merely accusations, and the
defendants are presumed innocent unless and until proven guilty.



 United States v. Rodriguez-Jimenez, Et al.



 COUNT(S)





   CHARGE





 DEFENDANT(S)





 MAXIMUM PENALTIES[2]







 ONE









 Conspiracy to Commit Money Laundering









 Alejandro Javier Rodriguez-Jimenez,



 Jesus Rodriguez-Jimenez,



 Eloy Cardenas-Moreno,



 Sergio Urbina,



 Leonardo Tamez,



 Marco Coronado













 20 years in prison; fine of the greatest of $500,000 or twice the value of the
property involved in the transaction











 TWO

















 Conspiracy to Distribute Narcotics













 Alejandro Javier Rodriguez-Jimenez,



 Jesus Rodriguez-Jimenez,



 Eloy Cardenas-Moreno,



 Marco Coronado

















 Life in prison; with a ten-year mandatory minimum prison sentence; $10,000,000
fine











 THREE AND FOUR









 Money Laundering









 Alejandro Javier Rodriguez-Jimenez,



 Jesus Rodriguez-Jimenez,



 Marco Coronado

















 20 years in prison; fine of the greatest of $500,000 or twice the value of the
property involved in the transaction











 FIVE THROUGH SEVEN









 Money Laundering









 Jesus Rodriguez-Jimenez, Marco Coronado

















 20 years in prison; fine of the greatest of $500,000 or twice the value of the
property involved in the transaction













 [1] As the introductory phrase signifies, the entirety of the text of the
Indictment, and the description of the Indictment set forth herein, constitute
only allegations, and every fact described should be treated as an allegation.



 [2] The statutory maximum penalties are prescribed by Congress and are provided
here for informational purposes only, as any sentencings of the defendants would
be determined by the Court.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              652 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            January 11, 2011 Tuesday
                              Late Edition - Final

DeLay Sentenced to 3 Years in Conspiracy and Money-Laundering Case

BYLINE: By JAMES C. McKINLEY Jr.

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; National Desk; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 613 words


AUSTIN, Tex. -- Tom DeLay, the former House majority leader, was sentenced to
three years in prison on Monday for money laundering and conspiracy stemming
from his role in a scheme to channel corporate contributions to Texas state
races in 2002.

Mr. DeLay, once one of the most powerful and polemical Republican congressmen in
the state, was ushered out of Travis County Court after the sentencing and was
taken by sheriff's deputies to the county jail. He later posted a $10,000 bond
and was released pending an appeal, his lawyers said.

After listening to Mr. DeLay say he felt he had done nothing wrong, Judge Pat
Priest sentenced him to three years in prison for the conspiracy count and 10
years of probation for the money laundering count. The judge rejected arguments
from Mr. DeLay that the trial had been a politically motivated vendetta mounted
by an overzealous Democratic district attorney.

''Before there were Republicans and Democrats, there was America, and what
America is about is the rule of law,'' the judge said just before pronouncing
the sentence.

In November, a jury convicted Mr. DeLay in an unusual trial. It was the first
time the money-laundering law had been used in Texas against a politician
accused of circumventing the state ban on corporate money.

The evidence at the trial showed that Mr. DeLay and two associates channeled
$190,000 in corporate donations in 2002 to several Republican candidates for the
Legislature, using the Republican National Committee as a conduit. Texas bans
corporations from giving directly to political campaigns.

The donations were seen as critical in the Republican takeover of the
Legislature that year. Once they had control, state Republican leaders pushed
through a controversial Congressional redistricting plan -- engineered by Mr.
DeLay -- that sent more Republicans to Congress in 2004 and helped to
consolidate his power in Washington.

Before his sentencing, Mr. DeLay said he was perplexed about how the criminal
code could be applied to what he had done. The practice of swapping corporate
contributions given to state committees for individual contributions given to
national parties was commonplace in 2002, he said.

''I never intended to break the law -- I have always played by the rules,'' he
told the judge. ''I cannot be remorseful for something I didn't think I did.''

Mr. DeLay's lawyer, Dick DeGuerin, said he expected the convictions to be
overturned on appeal. The appeal will argue, among other things, that the money-
laundering law should not apply to the transactions, since the money did not
come from an illegal activity. The Travis County district attorney, Rosemary
Lehmberg, denied that the prosecution was a form of political payback.

Testifying on Mr. DeLay's behalf, former Representative J. Dennis Hastert, an
Illinois Republican who was House speaker from 1999 to 2006, said Mr. DeLay was
not power-hungry, but was driven by a deep-seated need to help others.

In the House, Mr. DeLay was known as the Hammer for his no-holds-barred style of
politicking and campaigning. He was serving as the majority whip in 2002,
marshaling the Republicans to support President George W. Bush at a time when
the party had a thin majority.

Mr. DeLay offered no apologies for having succeeded in doing just that. He had
played by the rules as he understood them, he said, and had fought only for his
conservative values and not for personal gain. For this, he said, prosecutors
had hurt him and his family.

''This criminalization of politics is very dangerous, very dangerous to our
system,'' he said. ''It's not enough to ruin your reputation. They have to put
you in jail, bankrupt you, destroy your family.''

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Tom DeLay, the former House majority leader, and his wife,
Christine, before his sentencing on Monday. (PHOTOGRAPH BY JACK
PLUNKETT/ASSOCIATED PRESS)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 The New York Times Company


                              653 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               Los Angeles Times

                           October 15, 2016 Saturday
                                  Home Edition

LOS ANGELES;
Club owner gets prison, fine

BYLINE: Matt Hamilton

SECTION: CALIFORNIA; Metro Desk; Part B; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 308 words


A Pico Rivera nightclub owner was sentenced to prison Thursday for laundering
money in a drug-trafficking ring operating in the United States and Mexico,
authorities said.

Edgar Fragoso, owner and general manager of El Rodeo nightclub, had admitted to
laundering about $235,000 in cash through his Washington Boulevard nightclub,
according to court papers.

As part of a plea deal that called for all but one money-laundering charge
against him to be dismissed, Fragoso agreed to surrender his liquor license.

In a downtown Los Angeles courtroom, U.S. District Judge George Wu imposed a
two-year split sentence of prison and home detention, according to a spokesman
for the U.S. attorney's office.

Fragoso was also ordered to pay a $14,000 fine and complete a three-year term of
supervised release. He has been out of custody since posting $100,000 bail.

His attorney could not be reached for comment.

Drug Enforcement Administration agents raided his nightclub and Hacienda Heights
home in 2015 after an undercover investigation into Fragoso's links to the
illegal drug trade.

The nightclub served as a drop-off point where undercover operatives for the DEA
would fork over as much as $150,000 in cash at a time, according to a 52-page
sworn affidavit by federal investigators filed on Feb. 20, 2015.

As undercover operatives recorded his words, Fragoso openly discussed the
methods he could employ to launder the illicit funds, according to the
affidavit.

The investigation into El Rodeo was triggered by the 2012 arrest of two people
who were trafficking methamphetamine in Texas, according to the affidavit.

The pair, whose names were not released, told investigators that the alleged
leader of a Mexico-based drug-trafficking organization used Fragoso to clean up
the proceeds from the sale of methamphetamine, the affidavit said.

--

matt.hamilton@latimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Los Angeles Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              654 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                            April 28, 2016 Thursday

Three More Defendants Guilty Of Participating In Multi-State Drug Trafficking
Operation

LENGTH: 1026  words


Laredo DTO Imported More Than 1,000 Kilos Of Heroin From Mexico

PHILADELPHIA  Angel Mascorro, 52, of Aurora, Illinois pleaded guilty yesterday
to conspiracy to commit money laundering and seven counts of money laundering.
The guilty plea follows the trial of two of his co-defendants  Alejandro Sotelo,
43, of Chicago, IL, and Francisco Gonzalez Jose, 44, of Philadelphia, PA, who
were found guilty late last Friday night by a federal jury, of taking part in a
continuing criminal enterprise and other charges.  The jury also found Sotelo
and Gonzalez Jose guilty of conspiracy to distribute one kilogram or more of
heroin, conspiracy to import heroin, conspiracy to commit money laundering, and,
as to Gonzalez Jose, possession with intent to distribute one kilogram or more
of heroin; and as to Sotelo distribution of 14 kilograms of heroin.  All three
were members of the Laredo Drug Trafficking Organization (DTO). Sentencing
hearings are scheduled for August of 2016. Sotelo and Gonzalez Jose each face a
mandatory minimum of 10 years up to life in prison; Mascorro faces a significant
term of imprisonment.  To date, 18 defendants (including Mascorro) have pleaded
guilty; four defendants, including alleged kingpins Antonio Laredo and Ismael
Laredo and their wives, are in Mexico. Another five defendants are awaiting
trial.

Brothers Antonio and Ismael Laredo, the alleged leaders of the Laredo DTO,
supervised 21 defendants in an operation that imported multiple kilos of heroin
from Mexico into the United States and distributed it to other drug traffickers
in Philadelphia, Camden, NJ, Chicago, IL, Atlanta, GA, and New York, NY.
According to court documents, the Laredo DTO smuggled-in approximately 1,000
kilograms of heroin using various concealment techniques such as placing
kilogram quantities of heroin in car batteries, car bumpers, concealed vehicle
traps, and sealed fruit and vegetable cans. Alejandro Sotelo served as a DTO
cell head in Chicago where he oversaw the stash house operation and the movement
of multi kilogram quantities of heroin from Mexico into Chicago. Sotelo also
arranged the trans-shipment of multi-kilogram quantities of heroin to
Philadelphia, New Jersey and New York.

Members of the DTO used violence, such as assaults and kidnapping, threats of
violence, including murder and arson, and firearms, to protect their product and
proceeds and to prevent members from withdrawing from the organization. The DTO
supplied multi-kilogram quantities of heroin to drug traffickers in the
Philadelphia area, including the (Christian) Serrano DTO, the (Darbin and
Gabriel) Vargas DTO, and the Camden, New Jersey based (Confesor) Montalvo
organization, among others.

According to the indictment, members of the Laredo DTO would transport heroin
shipments by various means, including car and train. The Laredo brothers had
special car batteries manufactured for the purpose of concealing the loads of
heroin and, in 2012, a courier used that method to deliver three kilograms of
heroin to Philadelphia. A shipment of four kilograms was concealed inside a car
speaker box. A shipment of 7.6 kilograms of heroin was concealed in sealed fruit
and vegetable cans in Texas, and the couriers were directed to deliver the
heroin to defendants Darbin Vargas and Gabriel Vargas, of the Vargas DTO in
Philadelphia.

The DTO consisted of numerous relatives and associates who set up funnel
accounts that were used for the purpose of laundering the proceeds of the drug
operation back to Mexico. The Laredo brothers, it is alleged, used a variety of
money laundering techniques, including the use of the funnel accounts, wire
transfers of funds, and Western Union money grams, to launder at least $5
million of the heroin proceeds back to Mexico, where the Laredo brothers
currently reside.

In addition to the prison terms, each defendant in the case faces possible
fines, periods of supervised release, a criminal forfeiture judgment to the
United States of up to $60 million, and special assessments.

The case was investigated by the Drug Enforcement Administrations offices in
Philadelphia, PA, Allentown, PA, Camden, NJ, Mexico City, Mexico, Chicago and
Rockford, IL, Newark, NJ, New York, NY, Tyler, TX, Raleigh, NC, Jefferson City
and St. Louis, MS, Richmond, VA, and the DEA Special Operations Division; FBI,
Philadelphia; U.S. Marshals Service; Homeland Security Investigations in
Philadelphia, PA and Richmond, VA; Immigration and Customs Enforcement; the
Philadelphia Police Department; Darby Borough Police Department; SEPTA Transit
Police Department; Berks County District Attorneys Office; Bucks County District
Attorneys Office; Philadelphia/Camden HIDTA  in New Jersey: the N.J. Attorney
Generals Office, N.J. Parole Board, Cherry Hill Police Department, Delaware
River Port Authority Police, Camden County Prosecutors Office, Camden County
Sheriffs Office; in Illinois: Rockford Police Department, Will County Sheriff's
Department, Skokie Police Department, Aurora Police Department, Oak Lawn Police
Department, Addison Police Department, Prospect Heights Police Department,
Chicago Police Department, Arlington Heights Police Department, West Chicago
Police Department, Cook County Sheriff's Department, and McHenry County
Narcotics Task Force; in Texas: Texas Department of Public Safety, CID Mt.
Pleasant, Mt. Pleasant Police Department; in Missouri: Missouri State Highway
Patrol, Audrain County Sheriffs Department, East Central Drug Task Force; in
Virginia: the Mecklenberg County Commonwealth Attorneys Office and the Virginia
State Police; and the Orange County Sheriffs Office in North Carolina. Support
was provided by the U.S. Bureau of Prisons in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania State
Police, the U

Assistance was provided by the U.S. Attorneys Offices in the Northern District
of Illinois, the Eastern District of Virginia, and the Middle District of
Pennsylvania. The case is being prosecuted by Assistant United States Attorneys
Joseph T. Labrum, III, Nelson S.T. Thayer, Jr., and Special Assistant United
States Attorney Jordan Strauss, of the Justice Department's National Security
Division. 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: April 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


This document could not be formatted for delivery. If your delivery request
included other documents, they completed successfully.

                              656 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                              June 3, 2008 Tuesday

National and Washington news in brief

BYLINE: Mercury News Wire Services

SECTION: POLITICS; News; National; Local

LENGTH: 299 words


WASHINGTON, D.C.

Court puts limits on

money laundering cases

The Supreme Court ruled Monday that federal prosecutors have gone too far in
their use of money laundering charges to combat drug traffickers and organized
crime.

In two decisions - one a 5-4 split, the other unanimous - the justices found
that money laundering charges apply only to profits of an illegal gambling ring
and cannot be used when the only evidence of a possible crime is when someone
hides large amounts of cash.

The government charges 1,300 people annually with money laundering, and the
justices appeared to agree with lawyers who said prosecutors have been
stretching the bounds of the law.

Cheney sorry for joke

about West Virginians

Vice President Dick Cheney apologized for saying Monday that he has "Cheneys on
both sides" of his family tree - on his father's and mother's sides, going back
to the 1600s - and adding, "And we don't even live in West Virginia."

His remark at the National Press Club drew swift denunciations from West
Virginians of both parties, which led to Cheney's quick apology.

In other news

Court documents filed Monday say Christopher Paul of Ohio will plead guilty
today in an alleged plot to bomb overseas U.S. military facilities and European
resorts. He faces a possible sentence of 20 years.

Disaster victims might be housed in trailers this hurricane season, which began
Sunday, as a last resort. This, despite government promises never to use them
again because of high levels of formaldehyde found in trailers used after the
Katrina catastrophe, according to the Associated Press.

The Federal Emergency Management Agency said the trailers would have to meet low
formaldehyde levels and that victims could stay for only six months.

From Mercury News wire services

From Mercury News wire services

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved

                              657 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                          December 29, 1993, Wednesday

City police officer arrested, accused with husband of trafficking cocaine

BYLINE: By Bill Rankin STAFF WRITER

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Section B; Page 3

LENGTH: 273 words


An Atlanta police officer and her husband, both facing a federal indictment for
drug distribution and money laundering charges, allegedly brought in more than $
250,000 in proceeds from cocaine sales, according to court records.

Officer Synea Baldwin, 29, a four-year veteran of the force, was released on
bond Tuesday by a federal judge after her arrest for selling cocaine powder and
crack cocaine in Louisiana between July 1991 and July 1992. She and her husband,
Antheny Anderson, are also charged with laundering the proceeds through banks in
Georgia, Alabama and Louisiana.

Assistant U.S. Attorney Jim Harper said the government has filed criminal
forfeiture motions to obtain $ 30,600 in Georgia bank accounts used by Baldwin
and to obtain the couple's homes in Louisiana and Marietta, saying they were
bought with drug proceeds.

Baldwin, who pleaded not guilty to the charges, walked into the courtroom
handcuffed, wearing a black jacket, white shirt and blue jeans. Her attorney, S.
Richard Rubin, said her family would post the required $ 50,000 property bond.

Rubin said she has been under investigation for almost a year and has cooperated
fully with state and federal authorities.

Baldwin and Anderson face possible life sentences in the federal case. Federal
authorities here have filed motions to bring Anderson to Atlanta from Louisiana,
where he is already serving time on drug distribution charges.

Baldwin joined the Atlanta Police Department in late 1989 and helped patrol
Atlanta Housing Authority units. On Monday, acting Chief Beverly Harvard said
Baldwin had no negative marks on her record until now.

LOAD-DATE: December 31, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH933650280

                    Copyright 1993 The Atlanta Constitution

                              658 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  June 6, 1991, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

U.S. Pressure Angers Panama Banks

BYLINE: By SHIRLEY CHRISTIAN,  Special to The New York Times

SECTION: Section D; Page 16; Column 4; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 838 words

DATELINE: PANAMA


Bankers and some Government officials here are angered by what they see as the
Bush Administration's efforts to make Panamanian banks practice a higher level
of scrutiny than is required of banks in the United States to prevent the
laundering of illegal-drug profits.

At issue is the interpretation of a new law-enforcement agreement between the
United States and Panama, signed recently after the Bush Administration
threatened to withhold some economic aid.

Panamanian bankers and banking officials contend that the accord substantially
broadens the interpretation of what constitutes money laundering and increases
their obligation to detect it.

Defining Dirty Money

"In a conventional sense, money laundering is bringing in cash to deposit, and,
in that way, clean it," said Ruben Carles, the Comptroller General in the
Government of President Guillermo Endara and a former private banker.

But he said the United States now wanted Panamanian banks and authorities to
investigate the source and legitimacy of cable transfers and bank checks drawn
on banks in the United States -- money that is used here to buy goods in the
Colon free-trade zone and for similar purposes.

"How can this be dirty money in Panama, but not in New York or Miami?" he asked.

Edgardo Lasso Valdes, president of the Banking Association of Panama, said: "In
banking, it has always been assumed that a transfer from another bank could be
considered clean money. Now they are telling us that transfers from the United
States can be dirty.

"No one who washes money does it for free. To me, money laundering means the
banker knows he is doing it, and he helps divide up the money and pass it along.
If I don't know the money comes from drugs, to me it's not a crime."

Panama's status as an international banking center -- the country has 110 banks
from all over the world -- was severely damaged before and after United States
troops invaded Panama in December 1989 to overthrow and arrest the nation's
ruler, Gen. Manuel Antonio Noriega, on drug charges.

But banking here is now making a rapid recovery. Deposits now total $18.5
billion, up from $15 billion at the beginning of the year, and bankers and
officials contend that most of the deposits are not related to drugs.

"In a place like Panama," Mr. Carles said, "where you have absolute freedom to
move capital in and out, where the dollar is the basis of the monetary system,
and where there is almost no inflation, it is logical that people from many
countries bring money. Drug dollars are, undoubtedly, one of those components.

"During the dictatorship, trafficking and laundering were protected by Noriega
and his friends. I can't say that money laundering has now disappeared. But if
there is any, it is not protected by the Government."

International financial services are among Panama's most important sources of
income and jobs, and Government and banking officials were determined that the
negotiations with the United States not undermine Panama's tradition of bank
secrecy. The Panamanians finally agreed to open accounts for drug
investigations, but not for cases involving tax evasion in the United States.

Mr. Lasso Valdes said bankers particularly resented comments from some members
of Congress and in some American newspapers that there is as much money
laundering in Panama now as there was during the Noriega era. He said the
assertions had not been backed by solid information or identifiable sources.

American officials here said they had no measurement of how much drug money
might be laundered in Panama and did not know whether the amount had risen. They
said that there was ample anecdotal evidence of money laundering but that they
thought only a handful of banks were involved.

Bob Martinez, President Bush's senior adviser on drug policy, said during a
recent visit to Panama that his office "does not have any figure in terms of
what money laundering existed previously, nor do we know exactly now what it is,
nor do we know exactly how much cocaine traffic came through Panama then, nor
what it may be now."

Rules on Origin of Deposit

The Endara Government has adopted rules requiring banks to learn the origin of
any deposit of more than $10,000 in cash and inform the Government.

Mr. Lasso Valdes said the members of his association were already gathering such
information on deposits of more than $50,000 and had always found a reasonable
explanation for such deposits; such large sums often come from legitimate
businesses that take in a lot of cash, he said.

American diplomats here acknowledged that cash deposits in Panama were not the
main concern in money laundering. One diplomat said that of the estimated $300
billion in drug money laundered annually, about $200 billion originated in the
United States. Much of that, he said, is transferred to banks in Panama, Hong
Kong, Zurich and elsewhere.

"They used to bring drug money to Panama in suitcases," he added. "Now, they are
very sophisticated."

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 1991

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1991 The New York Times Company

                              659 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      Orange County Register (California)

                             June 18, 2015 Thursday

Swiss suspect more money laundering

BYLINE: The Orange County Register

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C

LENGTH: 536 words


Reeling from an American federal investigation of bribery in soccer, FIFA was
put under more pressure Wednesday as the scale of a separate Swiss investigation
of suspected money laundering was revealed.

Banks in Switzerland have flagged up to 53 possible acts of money laundering
that could be linked to FIFA's 2018 and 2022 World Cup bidding contests, the
country's attorney general said.

Future World Cup hosts Russia and Qatar were not implicated by Swiss federal
prosecutor Michael Lauber.

COLLEGES: National honor for USC sprinter De Grasse

USC junior sprinter Andre De Grasse was named the National Men's Track Athlete
of the Year by the U.S. Track & Field and Cross Country Coaches Association.
Olympian Bryshon Nellum, also from USC, was selected in 2013.

De Grasse won the NCAA 100- and 200-meter titles at the NCAA Championships last
Friday.

UCLA is set to open the 2025 season against Georgia in the Rose Bowl as part of
a home-and-home series with the SEC school, it announced.

The Bruins will travel to Athens, Ga., for the Georgia season opener on Sept. 5,
2026.

The schools haven't played since Georgia won the 1983 season opener at Sanford
Stadium.

JOEY KAUFMAN/Staff writer

Indiana University kicked starting safety Antonio Allen off the football team
after his arrest on drug-dealing charges.

The University of Texas will start selling beer and wine to fans at home
football games beginning this fall.

BITS & PIECES: Neymar sees red, Colombia beats Brazil

Taking advantage of a bad night by Neymar, Colombia defeated Brazil, 1-0, in the
Copa America in Santiago, Chile, keeping its quarterfinals hopes alive in the
South American tournament.

Jeison Murillo scored a 36th-minute winner, and Neymar's poor performance was
capped by a red card after the final whistle because of an altercation with
Colombian players.

Colombia's Carlos Bacca, who shoved Neymar from behind, also was shown a red
card. Bacca apparently was upset after the Brazilian seemed to head-butt
teammate Murillo.

Saints outside linebacker Junior Galette says he expects to meet with NFL
officials within a month to discuss his offseason arrest stemming from a
domestic disturbance at his New Orleans-area home.

Top-seeded Roger Federer moved closer to a record eighth title at the Gerry
Weber Open by beating Ernests Gulbis, 6-3, 7-5, in Halle, Germany.

French Open champion Stan Wawrinka's eight-match winning streak ended at Queen's
Club in London when Kevin Anderson edged him, 7-6 (4), 7-6 (11).

IndyCar officials fined Toronto runner-up Luca Filippi $5,000 for violating the
series' rule on fuel capacity last weekend.

Defenseman Nate Schmidt signed a $1.6 million, two-year contract to stay with
the Washington Capitals.

Kylie Palmer has withdrawn from the Australian swim team for next month's world
championships in Russia after testing positive for a banned substance at the
Barcelona worlds in 2013.

Thibaut Pinot of France rode to a stage win in the Austrian mountains and took
the leader's yellow jersey in the Tour de Suisse. The FDJ rider has a 47-second
lead overall from Britain's Geraint Thomas.

Lleyton Hewitt, 34, was granted a wild card for his final appearance at
Wimbledon. The Australian will retire in January.

LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE:  Story

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 Orange County Register
                              All Rights Reserved

                              660 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      Orange County Register (California)

                             June 18, 2015 Thursday

Swiss suspect more money laundering

BYLINE: The Orange County Register

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C

LENGTH: 536 words


Reeling from an American federal investigation of bribery in soccer, FIFA was
put under more pressure Wednesday as the scale of a separate Swiss investigation
of suspected money laundering was revealed.

Banks in Switzerland have flagged up to 53 possible acts of money laundering
that could be linked to FIFA's 2018 and 2022 World Cup bidding contests, the
country's attorney general said.

Future World Cup hosts Russia and Qatar were not implicated by Swiss federal
prosecutor Michael Lauber.

COLLEGES: National honor for USC sprinter De Grasse

USC junior sprinter Andre De Grasse was named the National Men's Track Athlete
of the Year by the U.S. Track & Field and Cross Country Coaches Association.
Olympian Bryshon Nellum, also from USC, was selected in 2013.

De Grasse won the NCAA 100- and 200-meter titles at the NCAA Championships last
Friday.

UCLA is set to open the 2025 season against Georgia in the Rose Bowl as part of
a home-and-home series with the SEC school, it announced.

The Bruins will travel to Athens, Ga., for the Georgia season opener on Sept. 5,
2026.

The schools haven't played since Georgia won the 1983 season opener at Sanford
Stadium.

JOEY KAUFMAN/Staff writer

Indiana University kicked starting safety Antonio Allen off the football team
after his arrest on drug-dealing charges.

The University of Texas will start selling beer and wine to fans at home
football games beginning this fall.

BITS & PIECES: Neymar sees red, Colombia beats Brazil

Taking advantage of a bad night by Neymar, Colombia defeated Brazil, 1-0, in the
Copa America in Santiago, Chile, keeping its quarterfinals hopes alive in the
South American tournament.

Jeison Murillo scored a 36th-minute winner, and Neymar's poor performance was
capped by a red card after the final whistle because of an altercation with
Colombian players.

Colombia's Carlos Bacca, who shoved Neymar from behind, also was shown a red
card. Bacca apparently was upset after the Brazilian seemed to head-butt
teammate Murillo.

Saints outside linebacker Junior Galette says he expects to meet with NFL
officials within a month to discuss his offseason arrest stemming from a
domestic disturbance at his New Orleans-area home.

Top-seeded Roger Federer moved closer to a record eighth title at the Gerry
Weber Open by beating Ernests Gulbis, 6-3, 7-5, in Halle, Germany.

French Open champion Stan Wawrinka's eight-match winning streak ended at Queen's
Club in London when Kevin Anderson edged him, 7-6 (4), 7-6 (11).

IndyCar officials fined Toronto runner-up Luca Filippi $5,000 for violating the
series' rule on fuel capacity last weekend.

Defenseman Nate Schmidt signed a $1.6 million, two-year contract to stay with
the Washington Capitals.

Kylie Palmer has withdrawn from the Australian swim team for next month's world
championships in Russia after testing positive for a banned substance at the
Barcelona worlds in 2013.

Thibaut Pinot of France rode to a stage win in the Austrian mountains and took
the leader's yellow jersey in the Tour de Suisse. The FDJ rider has a 47-second
lead overall from Britain's Geraint Thomas.

Lleyton Hewitt, 34, was granted a wild card for his final appearance at
Wimbledon. The Australian will retire in January.

LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE:  Story

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 Orange County Register
                              All Rights Reserved

                              661 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         The Brownsville Herald (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            August 1, 2013 Thursday

Man faces laundering charges

BYLINE: Mark Reagan, The Brownsville Herald, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 295 words


Aug. 01--A Brownsville real estate agent was arrested Wednesday, accused of
helping drug cartel members launder money by purchasing real properties in
Brownsville, authorities announced.

Freddy Centeno of Brownsville was taken into custody Wednesday afternoon and
will appear before U.S. Magistrate Ronald Morgan, according to a U.S. Attorney's
Office, Southern District of Texas, news release.

Centeno faces a two-count indictment alleging money laundering for a convicted
drug trafficker and making false statements to federal agents, authorities said.

The indictment was returned July 23 and was unsealed with Centeno's arrest,
according to the USAO. Details of his arrest weren't immediately available and
online records didn't return results for Centeno late Wednesday.

Centeno, a licensed real estate agent, is accused of helping a narcotics
trafficker launder drug profits through the purchase of real properties in
Brownsville, according to the USAO news release.

If convicted, he faces up to 20 years in prison and up to a $500,000 fine.

The arrest is a result of the Organized Crime Drug Enforcement Task Force
investigation dubbed Operation Spike Strip.

The investigation targeted the Armando Arambul drug trafficking organization,
which operated under the auspices of the Gulf Cartel in Matamoros and South
Texas.

Authorities said Arambul and others transported tons of cocaine to Houston and
other major U.S. cities for the Gulf Cartel. Arambul was convicted and is set
for sentencing Oct. 21, 2013. He faces up to life in prison, according to a USAO
news release.

mreagan@brownsvilleherald.com

___ (c)2013 The Brownsville Herald (Brownsville, Texas) Visit The Brownsville
Herald (Brownsville, Texas) at www.brownsvilleherald.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: August 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130801-BV-Man-faces-laundering-charges-0801-20130801

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BV


                     Copyright 2013 The Brownsville Herald

                              662 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 21, 2014 Tuesday

Washington: HSI investigation leads to sentencing of international money broker

LENGTH: 622  words

DATELINE: Washington


U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

The primary broker for a Colombian based international money laundering
organization was sentenced to 92 months in prison Friday at the federal
courthouse in Brooklyn. This sentencing stems from an investigation by U.S.
Immigration and Customs Enforcement's (ICE) Homeland Security Investigations
(HSI) and the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Eastern District of New York.

Luis Anibal Salazar Garcia, 51, received 92 months while 10 co-defendants were
sentenced last month to sentences ranging from 28 to 64 months imprisonment. Two
other co-defendants await sentencing. All 13 defendants, who were extradited
from Colombia, pleaded guilty to conspiring to launder narcotics proceeds.
Together, the defendants were responsible for laundering tens of millions of
dollars in narcotics proceeds from the United States to Colombia between 2006
and 2013 on behalf of Colombian drug cartels.
"The incarceration of this defendant and his cohorts disrupts a money laundering
organization that contributed to the flow of millions of dollars in illicit drug
proceeds," said James T. Hayes Jr., special agent in charge of HSI New York.
"The prosecution of these money launderers is a testament to the expertise of
the members of the El Dorado Task Force and our international law enforcement
partners, whose investigative prowess enables them to find international
criminals and bring them to justice."

"Salazar Garcia and his cohorts in crime operated a sophisticated network of
shipments and transfers that went to the heart of the deadly narcotics trade -
the money. The defendants' money laundering activities allowed narcotics
traffickers in Colombia to reap enormous profits from sending drugs to the
United States," said Loretta E. Lynch, U.S. attorney for the Eastern District of
New York. "These sentences will send a message to narcotics traffickers that we
are committed to shutting down their ability to profit from selling their
illegal drugs in the United States."

Salazar Garcia and his 12 co-defendants were money brokers operating out of the
El Diamante, Gran Centro Commercial, San Andresito and Atlantis retail shopping
malls in Cali, Colombia, and assisted drug trafficking organizations in Colombia
by laundering the proceeds of sales of narcotics in the United States. The
defendants also oversaw a network of confederates who operated in the United
States taking the proceeds from narcotics sales here and passing the money to
others, who ultimately repatriated millions of dollars in drug proceeds to
suppliers in Colombia. The drug money was transported in amounts ranging from
thousands to hundreds of thousands of dollars, often bundled and heat sealed,
and concealed in vehicles, gasoline containers, duffel bags and shoeboxes.
Twenty-four of the U.S.- based confederates have also pleaded guilty to their
participation in the money laundering conspiracy.

As part of this investigation, law enforcement officers have seized more than
$6.5 million in United States currency as well as 52.5 kilograms of heroin, 32
kilograms of cocaine, 63 pounds of marijuana, eight vehicles and three firearms.

The investigation was led by special agents from the HSI New York's El Dorado
Task Force, comprised of more than 260 members from more than 55 law enforcement
agencies in New York and New Jersey - including special agents, state and local
police investigators, intelligence analysts and federal prosecutors - with the
assistance from the task force's High Intensity Financial Crimes Area
(HIFCA)/Intelligence Unit.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              663 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         The Age (Melbourne, Australia)

                             June 4, 2011 Saturday
                                 First Edition

AFP helps in $540m US poker fraud case

BYLINE: Ben Butler

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 626 words


The FBI has asked federal police to assist in this vast money-laundering case,
writes Ben Butler. FEDERAL police have been drawn into a US probe of alleged
bank fraud by online poker sites in which the FBI alleges $US540 million was
laundered by an Australian payments processor. Charges laid in a New York court
have also put a question mark over lucrative sponsorship deals held by Crown
Casino, whose Aussie Millions poker tournament was this year sponsored by Full
Tilt Poker, and the Cronulla Sharks, which have PokerStars as a sponsor. The
Australian Federal Police told BusinessDay it had received a request for help
from US authorities.

"It's a US investigation, but we're assisting," a spokeswoman said. The charges,
which attract jail sentences of up to 30 years and fines running into the
millions of dollars, have also sparked a public rift between Full Tilt and its
star player, Phil Ivey, who has filed a lawsuit in Nevada alleging the company
owes gamblers more than $US150 million in unpaid winnings. Public allegations
that Full Tilt had been implicated in money laundering also caused him "public
ridicule, humiliation, and loss of personal and professional reputation", Mr
Ivey said in a complaint filed with the Clark County District Court. In April,
the FBI unsealed a grand jury indictment charging 11 people - including the
founders of Full Tilt, PokerStars and another large online poker site, Absolute
Poker - with bank fraud, money laundering and illegal gambling. At the same
time, US authorities launched a civil suit against the poker sites and some of
the companies that processed their payments, claiming a total of at least $US2
billion. In its indictment, the FBI alleges Intabill, a British Virgin
Islands-registered company associated with bankrupt Australian information
technology entrepeneur Daniel Tzvetkoff, "processed at least $US543,210,092 of
transactions for the poker companies from mid-2007 through March 2009". US
authorities charged Tzvetkoff with money laundering offences last year, but he
has since been released on bail and is reported to be one of three confidential
witnesses co-operating with the FBI. While Tzvetkoff is not named in the case
brought by US authorities, the indictment alleges Intabill had a central role in
processing payments for the poker companies. The FBI alleges "Intabill disguised
the gambling transactions as the transactions of dozens of phoney financial
service merchants". It alleges the disguises, which included fake e-commerce
sites pretending to sell everything from jewellery and golf clubs to
environmentally friendly household products, were needed because banks would not
process transactions relating to internet gambling, which is illegal in the US.
But the poker companies allegedly fell out with Intabill in March 2009 and
stopped using it to process payments, "in part because Intabill owed them tens
of millions of dollars for past processing". The dispute became a legal stoush
that ended last year when the Federal Court ordered Intabill and Tzvetkoff's BT
Holdings to pay Malta-registered Hoop & Javelin Holdings, which is associated
with Absolute Poker, (EURO)1.8 million and $US644,000 for "online billing and
payment services". In an affidavit filed in New York, FBI special agent Rebecca
Vassilakos alleges that in just five weeks more than $US16 million in gambling
money, disguised as pay-day loan transactions, was processed through the
National Bank of California. Ms Vassilakos also alleges the amount laundered by
Intabill may be far higher than the $US543 million alleged in the indictment.
She alleges that in just six months in 2008 Intabill's US representative, John
Scott Clark, processed more than $US700,000 through an unnamed Florida bank.

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Poker player Phil Ivey has filed a lawsuit alleging Full Tilt
Poker owes gamblers more than $US150 million. PICTURE: JUSTIN MCMANUS

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 The Age Company Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              664 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  Stock Watch

                      March 9, 2016 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

Gangland banker jailed for laundering nearly 200,000

BYLINE: Maggie Schiffer

LENGTH: 228  words


A 33-year-old gangland banker who conspired with another man for laundering
nearly 200,000 has finally been put behind the bars, authorities confirmed.

Osman Rashid waited for five years to admit that he was involved in a conspiracy
with Nouman Tariq, a 39-year-old businessman from Rochdale, to launder money.
Tariq was jailed in 2013.

Rashid and Tariq together ran a cross-pennine money laundering scheme, allowing
drug gangs in Bradford and Liverpool to hide the origin of their sums of cash by
laundering the money through supposedly legitimate businesses in Manchester.

Prosecutor told the judge that Rashid ran a travel agency and money exchange
business called MR Travel in Bradford, and acted as a business associate with
Tariq.

Tariq admitted his guilt year ago, but Rashid led prosecutors 'a merry dance' by
engaging them in legal wrangles for years.

Pronouncing the sentence, Judge Patrick Field QC said, "Laundering of cash
receipts from crime is an invaluable service to organised criminals  accordingly
it is very much in the public interest that there be stern sentences to dissuade
feckless people like you who have an eye on easy money."

The judge rejected Rashid's claim that he was just a 'minnow' in the scheme. The
judge also rejected his plea for a suspended sentence, saying if he had admitted
his guilt in 2013 he would have done his prison time by now.

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2016 Manas Informatics, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved

                              665 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                            November 9, 2004 Tuesday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

METRO BRIEFINGS MOGUL'S AIDE INDICTED

BYLINE: BY JOHN MARZULLI, GREG B. SMITH AND MICHAEL SAUL

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 61

LENGTH: 387 words


HIP HOP MOGUL Irving (Irv Gotti) Lorenzo's bookkeeper at his Murder Inc. record
label was indicted yesterday on charges of laundering drug cash.

The arrest of Cynthia Brent is the feds' latest move in a four-year probe of
violence and money laundering in the rap music industry.

Brent, 39, of Maplewood, N.J., was arraigned in Brooklyn Federal Court and
released on a $200,000 bond. Her lawyer declined to comment.

Sources familiar with the investigation said Brent is under pressure to
cooperate against Gotti and another top target of the probe, jailed crack
kingpin Kenneth (Supreme) McGriff.

Prosecutors disclosed in court papers last year that between 1999 and 2002,
McGriff provided Murder Inc. with drug cash.

At least one informant told the feds that McGriff is the true owner of the
record label.

He is also suspected of ordering at least eight drug-related murders in Queens
and Maryland.

Gotti sues for silence

JOHN A. (JUNIOR) Gotti has a simple message for radio host Curtis Sliwa: Shut
up!

Lawyers for the Mafia scion yesterday filed papers demanding a judge gag Sliwa
from talking about Gotti's pending federal case on his WABC radio show.

The younger Gotti is charged with ordering his goons to silence Sliwa for his
on-air rants against Gotti's late father, John (Dapper Don) Gotti.

Gotti's lawyer, Jeffrey Lichtman, has been tracking Sliwa's ongoing radio
commentary calling all the Gottis "degenerates" and making claims about Gotti's
guilt on his show.

The lawyer believes the comments are designed to poison the jury pool for
Gotti's trial.

Sliwa has vowed to keep talking.

Partners gain in court

MAYOR BLOOMBERG lost a second legal round yesterday when a judge ordered him to
implement a law requiring contractors doing business with the city to provide
equal benefits to domestic partners.

"We believe that reasoning to be incorrect and continue to feel that the law is
invalid," said Michael Cardozo, the city's top lawyer.

Bloomberg launched a legal fight against the law after the City Council overrode
his veto in June.

In October, Bloomberg lost a bid for a temporary restraining order to block the
law.

City officials vowed to press on with their appeal.

The Equal Benefits Law requires any contractor doing $100,000 or more in
business with the city to provide health and other benefits to gay and straight
couples.

LOAD-DATE: November 9, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Irving Lorenzo

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2004 Daily News, L.P.

                              666 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                 Irish Examiner

                            January 11, 2011 Tuesday

Republican DeLay jailed for three years

SECTION: WORLD

LENGTH: 435 words


The sentence comes after a jury in November convicted DeLay on charges of money
laundering and conspiracy to commit money laundering.

The Republican who represented the Houston area was once one of the most
powerful people in US politics, ascending to the No 2 job in the House of
Representatives. During a several-minute statement to the judge prior to
sentencing, DeLay repeated his longstanding claims that the prosecution was
politically motivated and that he never intended to break the law.

"I can't be remorseful for something I don't think I did," DeLay said.

Senior judge Pat Priest sentenced him to the three-year term on the conspiracy
charge. He also sentenced him to five years in prison on the money laundering
charge but allowed DeLay to accept 10 years of probation instead of more prison
time.

DeLay was immediately taken into custody, but Priest granted a request from his
attorneys that he be released on a $10,000 bond pending appeal once he is
processed at the county jail.

Prosecutors said it could mean DeLay will be free for months or even years as
his appeal makes it through the Texas court system.

DeLay's attorney Dick DeGuerin said he expected the conviction would be
overturned. "If I told you what I thought, I'd get sued," DeGuerin said. "This
will not stand."

The former congressman had faced up to life in prison. His attorneys asked for
probation.

"What we feel is that justice was served," lead prosecutor Gary Cobb said.

Priest issued his ruling after a brief sentencing hearing on Monday in which
former US House speaker Dennis Hastert testified on DeLay's behalf.

Prosecutors attempted to present only one witness at the hearing, Peter Cloeren,
a Texas businessman who claimed DeLay had urged him in 1996 to evade campaign
finance laws in a separate case. Prosecutors said the case was similar to the
one DeLay was being sentenced for.

But not long after Cloeren began testifying, senior judge Pat Priest declined to
hear the testimony, saying prosecutors couldn't prove the businessman's claims
beyond a reasonable doubt.

"You lose. I will not hear this testimony," Priest said after agreeing with
DeLay's attorneys, who objected to the testimony, saying the former lawmaker was
not criminally charged in the case. Cloeren pleaded guilty to directing illegal
corporate money into the 1996 congressional campaign of an East Texas candidate.

DeLay's attorneys had indicated they would have up to nine witnesses but decided
to present only Hastert. The Illinois Republican who was House speaker from 1999
to 2006, testified that DeLay was not motivated by power but by a need to help
others.

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2011 Thomas Crosbie Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              667 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                           February 21, 2012 Tuesday

St. David man pleads guilty to marijuana smuggling, money laundering

BYLINE: Judy Harrison BDN Staff

LENGTH: 674 words


PORTLAND, Maine -- An Aroostook County man described by a federal prosecutor as
"one of the most prolific drug smugglers in Maine" for nearly 40 years waived
indictment and pleaded guilty Tuesday in U.S. District Court to drug and money
laundering charges.


Paul Corbin, 54, of St. David had pleaded not guilty in March to three counts:
possession with intent to distribute marijuana, possession with intent to
distribute methamphetamine and possession of a firearm by an unlawful user of
scheduled drugs.


On Tuesday, Corbin pleaded guilty to conspiracy to posses with the intent to
distribute marijuana and conspiracy to engage in money laundering.


By pleading guilty, Corbin admitted that between 2005 and 2010, he conspired
with others to distribute more than 200 pounds of marijuana and to launder more
than $165,000 of the proceeds of the drug trafficking conspiracy, according to
the U.S. Attorney's Office, which is prosecuting the case.


Although Assistant U.S. Attorney Joel Casey, who is prosecuting the case, has
said that the Corbin's marijuana smuggling operation lasted much, much longer,
the statute of limitations in federal cases is five years.


A sentencing date has not been set. It is expected to be set after a
pre-sentence report is completed by U.S. Pretrial Services and Probation in six
to eight weeks.


Corbin faces up to 40 years in prison and a fine of up to $5 million. Under the
terms of his plea agreement, Corbin waived his right to appeal his sentence to
the 1st U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in Boston as long as it is no longer than
five years and 10 months.


As part of the plea agreement, Corbin also agreed to forfeit to the government
more $105,000 in cash, a property on the Sawmill Road in Madawaska, a bucket
loader, snow buck, bulldozer, dump truck, pickup truck and 16 guns.


Corbin has no prior felony drug convictions, according to a previously published
report. His last convictions were misdemeanors in the 1980s, according to
information revealed at his bail hearing last year, and are too old to be held
against him at his sentencing.


He has been held without bail since his arrest Jan. 29, 2011, in St. David. The
time he has been incarcerated awaiting sentencing is expected to be credited to
his sentence.


The original and subsequent drug charges stemmed from a Jan. 18, 2011, Madawaska
border inspection that uncovered 26 pounds of marijuana inside a large toolbox
in the back of an unidentified individual's truck, according to a previous
report. The individual denied knowledge of the marijuana, which was seized
before the person was released.


Thanks to surveillance, a cooperating defendant and audio recordings over a
10-day period, investigators said they found almost 208 pounds of marijuana in a
storage trailer owned by Corbin but located on property owned by another
individual. A search of Corbin's home turned up another 97 pounds of marijuana,
177 methamphetamine pills and $53,000 in cash, according to court documents.


Investigators, however, had been working with an unnamed cooperating defendant
who laundered drug money for Corbin in a bogus rental scheme for two years prior
to Corbin's arrest, according to court documents. The investigation revealed
that in 2007, Corbin purchased a $166,000 Volvo bucket loader with a $60,000
cash down payment.


Corbin gave the cooperating defendant $6,400 in cash "to rent" the bucket loader
and the person would write Corbin a check for the same amount. With the
laundered money, Corbin made a $3,200-a-month payment toward purchase of the
bucket loader and showed $3,200 of "legitimate" income, according to court
documents.


An analysis of Corbin's finances by agents with U.S. Immigration and Customs
Enforcement showed that between 1999 and 2007, he paid his living expenses,
which totaled nearly $304,000, with cash or money orders, Casey said in March.


The investigation was conducted jointly by the Immigration & Customs Enforcement
Homeland Security Investigations Division of the Department of Homeland Security
and the Maine Drug Enforcement Agency.

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 Bangor Daily News

                              668 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                             April 10, 2009 Friday

Money-laundering charges dismissed in tax case

BYLINE: By Pamela Manson The Salt Lake Tribune

SECTION: NEWS; State

LENGTH: 182 words


A federal judge on Friday dismissed money-laundering charges against an attorney
and a businessman who are accused of conspiring to defraud the government out of
taxes, saying they were filed too late.

Lawyer David Eugene Ross II and Patrick Merrill Brody had each been charged with
four counts of money laundering related to the operation of their financial
services firm Merrill Scott & Associates in Salt Lake City. They still face two
counts each of conspiracy and one count each of failure to file a tax return.

U.S. District Judge Clark Waddoups ruled that prosecutors have five years to
file money laundering charges. The offenses allegedly took place in 2001, the
judge noted, and the U.S. Attorney's Office applied in 2007 to suspend the
statute of limitations in the case.

An indictment last year alleged that Merrill Scott tried to attract wealthy
customers by claiming to legally cut income taxes under "master financial
plans." However, those plans allegedly created only the illusion of legitimate
deductions by cycling customer money through a maze of bank accounts.

pmanson@sltrib.com

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved

                              669 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Victoria Advocate (Texas)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           September 20, 2016 Tuesday

4 charged with money laundering

BYLINE: Jessica Priest, Victoria Advocate, Texas

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 440 words


Sept. 20--A Victoria County grand jury indicted four people on charges of money
laundering Thursday.

In the first case, the Texas Department of Public Safety trooper found $309,380
after he pulled over a black Ford SUV on Dec. 15.

The trooper pulled over the SUV on U.S. 59 just north of Farm-to-Market Road
1686 because the windows on the vehicle were too tinted, he wrote in court
documents.

Luis Romero Medrano, 42, was driving, while Belinda Rojas Guerrero, 29, was in
the passenger's seat. Both are from Brownsville.

Medrano consented to the search of the vehicle, and the trooper found the cash
in the passenger-side rear quarter panels. The cash was rubber banded together,
wrapped in clear cellophane and secured with black duct tape, according to court
documents.

Medrano later admitted to traveling from Houston to pick up money from the sale
of drugs.

Through a translator, Guerrero denied that was the reason for the trip.

The trooper later found that at least one of the defendants had crossed the
U.S.-Mexico border recently and had marijuana seized from them.

Judge Kemper Stephen Williams signed a default judgment Jan. 26, forfeiting the
$309,380 to Victoria County Criminal District Attorney Stephen Tyler's office.

Tyler typically divides the amount forfeited between his office and the law
enforcement agency that made the bust, 30-70.

By law, the money must be used for "law enforcement purposes."

In a separate case, Jorge Luis Gaona and Roy Sammy Gonzales, both of Harlingen,
are also charged with money laundering and regulating money service business
false statement, according to the DA's office.

The two were pulled over April 27 by a Victoria County Sheriff's Office deputy,
who noticed they were acting nervously.

After receiving consent to search, the deputy found $30,020 in cash in the
vehicle and $15,755 on them. The men told the deputy they were coming from
Houston.

The DA's office has already tried forfeiting the money.

In court documents, both men said they were car salesmen traveling to Houston to
buy a vehicle they saw advertised on Craigslist.

Gonzales said the cash was concealed for safety reasons.

"I am a hardworking man, and I feel insulted by the officer's belief that I was
committing a crime," Gonzales wrote.

Gaona said he was injured on the job recently and that the seized cash is his
life savings.

"I ask the court to please return what is rightfully mine. I am just trying to
get back on my feet," Gaona wrote.

That forfeiture case is ongoing.

___ (c)2016 Victoria Advocate (Victoria, Texas) Visit Victoria Advocate
(Victoria, Texas) at www.victoriaadvocate.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160920-VI-4-charged-with-money-laundering-0920-20160920

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: VI


                        Copyright 2016 Victoria Advocate

                              670 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 23, 2016 Thursday

Philadelphia Congressman and Associates Convicted in Corruption Case

LENGTH: 1196  words

DATELINE: New York



 Office of Public Affairs Department of Justice has issued the following news
release:



  A federal jury sitting in Philadelphia found Congressman Chaka Fattah Sr., 59,
guilty of all charges against him.  Fattah and three of his four associates were
found guilty of taking part in a racketeering conspiracy involving several
schemes that were intended to further their political and financial interests by
misappropriating federal, charitable and campaign funds, among other schemes.





 Fattah, Robert Brand, 70, of Philadelphia; Karen Nicholas, 58, of Williamstown,
New Jersey; and Herbert Vederman, 70, of Palm Beach, Florida, were found guilty
of participating in a racketeering conspiracy.  Fattah was also found guilty of
conspiracy to commit bribery, bribery, conspiracy to commit wire fraud,
conspiracy to commit honest services fraud, mail fraud, money laundering
conspiracy, money laundering, bank fraud, false statements to a financial
institution, six counts of mail fraud and five counts of falsification of
records.



 Vederman was also convicted of conspiracy to commit bribery, bribery, bank
fraud, making false statements to the Credit Union Mortgage Association,
falsification of records and two counts of money laundering.



 Brand was also convicted of conspiracy to commit wire fraud.



 Nicholas was also convicted of conspiracy to commit wire fraud, two counts of
wire fraud and two counts of falsification of records.



 Bonnie Bowser, 60, of Philadelphia, was acquitted of racketeering conspiracy
but convicted of conspiracy to commit bribery, bank fraud, making false
statements to the Credit Union Mortgage Association, falsification of records
and money laundering.



 U.S. District Court Judge Harvey Bartle III of the Eastern District of
Pennsylvania scheduled sentencing hearings for Oct. 4, 2016, for Fattah,
Vederman and Brand; and Oct. 5, 2016, for Nicholas and Bowser.



 Assistant Attorney General Leslie R. Caldwell of the Justice Department's
Criminal Division, U.S. Attorney Zane David Memeger of the Eastern District of
Pennsylvania, Special Agent in Charge William F. Sweeney Jr. of the FBI's
Philadelphia Division and Special Agent in Charge Akeia Conner of the Internal
Revenue Service-Criminal Investigation (IRS-CI) Philadelphia Field Office
announced today's verdict.



 "Congressman Fattah corruptly abused his office for his own personal and
political gain," said Assistant Attorney General Caldwell.  "He took bribes,
committed fraud and even stole money from his own campaigns.  In short,
Congressman Fattah and his co-defendants deprived the people of eastern
Pennsylvania of their right to the honest services of their elected
representative.  Today's convictions should send a message that the Justice
Department will vigorously investigate and prosecute political corruption
wherever it takes place, and uphold the principles of honesty and integrity that
are the foundation of our government."



 "Chaka Fattah Sr. and his co-defendants betrayed the public trust and
undermined our faith in government," said U.S. Attorney Memeger.  "Today's
verdict makes clear that the citizens of the Eastern District of Pennsylvania
expect their public officials to act with honesty and integrity, and to not sell
their office for personal gain.  Hopefully, our elected officials in
Philadelphia and elsewhere hear today's message loud and clear."



 "The corruption demonstrated by Congressman Fattah and his co-defendants is yet
another sad example of the type of behavior that corrodes citizens' faith in
their government," said Special Agent in Charge Sweeney.  "The FBI is firmly
committed to ensuring that public officials and their co-conspirators who choose
to use their positions for personal gain rather than provide the honest services
the community rightly expects will be investigated and brought to justice.  The
community deserves nothing less."



 "Convictions, like the one returned against these five defendants today, send a
loud and clear message that people who willfully defy the law will be fully
investigated, prosecuted and subjected to the full punishment of the law for
their actions," said Special Agent in Charge Conner.



 According to the evidence presented at trial, Fattah and certain associates
borrowed $1 million from a wealthy supporter for his failed 2007 campaign for
mayor of Philadelphia, and disguised the funds as a loan to a consulting
company.  After he lost the election, Fattah returned to the donor $400,000 that
the campaign had not used and arranged for Educational Advancement Alliance
(EAA), a non-profit entity that Fattah founded and controlled, to repay the
remaining $600,000 using charitable and federal grant funds that passed through
two other companies, including one run by Brand.  To conceal the contribution
and repayment scheme, the defendants and others created sham contracts and made
false entries in accounting records, tax returns and campaign finance disclosure
statements.



 Following his defeat, Fattah also sought to extinguish approximately $130,000
in campaign debt owed to a political consultant by agreeing to arrange for the
award of federal grant funds to the consultant.  Fattah directed the consultant
to apply for a $15 million grant (which ultimately he did not receive) on behalf
of a then-non-existent non-profit entity.  In exchange for Fattah's efforts to
arrange the award, the consultant agreed to forgive the campaign debt.



 In addition, Fattah misappropriated funds from his mayoral and congressional
campaigns to repay his son's student loan debt.  To execute the scheme, Fattah
arranged for his campaigns to make payments to a political consulting company,
which funds the company then used to lessen Fattah's son's student loan debt.
Between 2007 and 2011, the consultant made 34 successful loan payments on behalf
of Fattah's son, totaling approximately $23,000.



 Beginning in 2008, Fattah communicated with individuals in the legislative and
executive branches in an effort to secure for Vederman an ambassadorship or an
appointment to the U.S. Trade Commission.  In exchange, Vederman provided money
and other items of value to Fattah.  As part of this scheme, the defendants
sought to conceal an $18,000 bribe payment from Vederman to Fattah by disguising
it as a payment for a sham car sale.



 Nicholas was found guilty of obtaining $50,000 in federal grant funds that she
falsely claimed would be used by EAA to support a conference on higher
education.  Instead, Nicholas used the grant funds to pay $20,000 to a political
consultant, $10,000 to her attorney and write several checks to herself from
EAA's operating account.



 The FBI and IRS-CI investigated the case.  The Justice Department's Office of
the Inspector General, the NASA Office of Inspector General and the Department
of Commerce's Office of Inspector General.  Assistant U.S. Attorney Paul L. Gray
of the Eastern District of Pennsylvania and Trial Attorneys Eric L. Gibson and
Jonathan Kravis of the Criminal Division's Public Integrity Section are
prosecuting the case.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: June 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              671 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                June 5, 2001 Tuesday Illinois Five Star Edition

GIBSON WILL FACE CHARGES TODAY IN U.S. COURT IN EAST ST. LOUIS;
 EX-FUGITIVE IS HELD ON FRAUD, MONEY-LAUNDERING COUNTS

BYLINE: Michael Shaw Of The Post-Dispatch

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 184 words


James R. Gibson, accused in a trust fund swindle, has been returned to the St.
Louis area and will be arraigned this morning in federal court in East St. Louis
on fraud and money-laundering charges.

Gibson, 56, formerly of Belleville, was returned here Friday and is being held
at the St. Clair County Jail in Belleville.

He had been held in Miami since he was arrested May 10 after being expelled by
Belize. He had been living on a yacht since 1999.

Gibson is charged with mail and wire fraud, conspiracy to commit mail and wire
fraud and conspiracy to commit money laundering.

Authorities said he swindled as many as 140 St. Louis-area clients out of trust
funds they had established with his company, SBU Inc. Most were accident victims
who won court settlements or jury verdicts and many were relatives of victims
who had lost their lives.

An arraignment is a formal reading of charges and an opportunity to enter a
plea, Assistant U.S. Attorney Hal Goldsmith said. Gibson will also be allowed to
state whether he wants to challenge a magistrate's ruling in Florida denying him
bond.

LOAD-DATE: June 5, 2001

LANGUAGE: English

NOTES: Reporter Michael Shaw:; E-mail: mshaw@post-dispatch.com; Phone:
618-235-3988

                  Copyright 2001 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.

                              672 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                   May 8, 1998, Friday, Late Edition - Final

Indictment Outlines Huge Money-Laundering Scheme

BYLINE: By MIREYA NAVARRO

SECTION: Section A; Page 10; Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 808 words

DATELINE: MIAMI, May 7


A sophisticated criminal network operating mostly out of the United States has
defrauded up to 400 people in at least 10 countries through a scam that
collected more than $60 million in processing fees for nonexistent venture
capital loans, Federal officials said today.

At a news conference in Tallahassee, Fla., officials with the United States
Customs Service, the Federal Bureau of Investigation and the United States
Attorney's office announced a Federal indictment on money laundering charges
against eight suspects in the scam; four other suspects were indicted on the
same charges last August and are awaiting sentencing after pleading guilty, the
officials said.

The defendants face maximum prison terms of 20 years.

The Customs Service called the case the largest money laundering case not
related to drugs that the agency had investigated. The suspects were charged
with conspiracy to launder monetary instruments because the fees paid by the
victims went to two banks in the Caribbean island of Antigua, one of them owned
by the suspects, and were then returned to the United States as payment to the
scam operators.

Officials said that transferring the money to offshore banks made legal action
by the scam victims to recover it virtually impossible.

"This is a big one," said P. Michael Patterson, the United States Attorney for
the Northern District of Florida, "and the sophistication of it makes it
unusual, but the unfortunate truth is that scams are operating every day all
over the country, even as we speak.".

"The No. 1 rule people ought to learn is that one ought not to pay advance fees
for loans," Mr. Patterson said.

The defendants were part of a network that officials say has operated mostly out
of the United States for at least five years and involved up to 100 people. The
investigation is continuing and more arrests are expected, they said.

The investigation into the case started nearly four years ago when a victim from
Fort Worth came to Florida seeking information on the people he believed had
swindled him and talked to the Customs Service's office in Tallahassee.

Officials say entrepreneurs from all walks of life -- lawyers, doctors and the
famous, including a recording star and a professional athlete the officials
refused to identify -- paid fees of $40,000 to $2 million to get investment
capital, as much as $40 million in some cases, to start or expand businesses or
to avoid going bankrupt.

In most cases the loan applicants could not get financing through more
traditional means, like a banking or venture capital company because they lacked
collateral or sought money for financially unattractive ventures, the officials
said.

The loan applicants answered advertisements placed on publications like The New
York Times, The Wall Street Journal, USA Today and The International Herald
Tribune. One advertisement read: "Venture capitalists seek investment
opportunities. Minimum $1,000,000. Confidentiality and quick response guaranteed
on all U.S. and international projects."

Applicants were screened by "brokers" who then turned them over to an associate
to pay a processing fee and sign a contract. The contract, however, required
loan applicants to obtain a letter of credit or bank payment guarantee of $2
million to $20 million within a week. Federal officials say the requirement was
impossible to meet because no bank would provide such credit without a matching
amount of collateral.

The applicants would then be told that they would have to forfeit the processing
fee. But applicants were given the chance to work with "facilitators" and
"underwriters" to get the necessary letter of credit, for another fee.

"They all thought it wasn't a big deal to get," Tom Frasca, an assistant Customs
agent in charge in Tallahassee, said of the letter of credit. "Some of these
people were successful business people."

Mr. Patterson said the schemers included lawyers and others who "could
demonstrate that they could move money internationally."

"The scam involved enough people that you didn't have to be stupid to go along
with it," he said.

Hundreds of people, more than half of them Americans, took the bait from the
United States and other countries, including Israel, Turkey, Australia,
Singapore, Greece, France, the British Virgin Islands, Canada and England,
officials said.

Mr. Patterson said prosecutors would seek restitution.

Those indicted are Ronald Allan Cohen, 54, of Georgia; Arthur W. Householder,
50, of Oklahoma; David W. V. Rogers, 56, of New Jersey and nine people from
Florida: Robert I. Newman, 40, Jerrell A. Breslin, 45, Robert Petrie, 56,
Jessica Jasmin Maun, 26, Barry Lichtman, Lawrence G. Sangaree, Jr. 49, Terri L.
Sangaree, 31, Peter A. Barnum, 42, and Maxime M. Barnum, 27. The last four
defendants have already pleaded guilty.

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Ronald Allan Cohen, who was indicted yesterday in a money
laundering scheme, arriving at the Federal courthouse in Tallahassee, Fla.
(Associated Press)


                   Copyright 1998 The New York Times Company

                              673 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 23, 2016 Saturday

Drug and Money Laundering Conspirator Sentenced

LENGTH: 311  words

DATELINE: New York



 Office for the United States Attorneys, Southern District of Alabama has issued
the following news release:



  United States Attorney Kenyen R. Brown of the Southern District of Alabama
announced that Lilian Suyapa Garcia-Soto, 33, of Dallas, Texas, was sentenced
today in federal court for her role in a drug trafficking and money laundering
conspiracy.  Court documents reflect that the organization operated between
Austin, Texas, and Mobile, and that methamphetamine ice and marijuana were
distributed here as a result.  Court documents also establish that the drug
proceeds were deposited in bank accounts in Mobile, and immediately withdrawn in
Texas to pay for the drugs sold here, and to obtain additional drugs for
distribution.  Garcia-Soto opened one of the bank accounts used to facilitate
the drug distribution and to accomplish the laundering of the drug money.  She
also acted as a courier who drove shipments of the drugs from Texas to Mobile.
Garcia-Soto pled guilty to conspiracy to launder drug money and conspiracy to
possess with intent to distribute methamphetamine ice in October of 2015.





 United States District Court Judge Kristi K. Dubose imposed a sentence 18
months concurrent on both counts.  She ordered that Garcia-Soto will serve a
three-year term of supervised release when she is discharged from incarceration.
Judge Dubose also ordered that Garcia-Soto pay $200 in special mandatory
assessments, but did not impose a fine.



 The case was investigated by the Mobile County Sheriff's Office, the Department
of Homeland Security Investigations and the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms
and Explosives.  It was prosecuted in the United States Attorney's Office by
Assistant United States Attorney Gloria Bedwell.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              674 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 June 12, 1991, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

Laundering Bill Approved

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section D; Page 6; Column 4; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 239 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, June 11


The House voted today to crack down on banks that launder an estimated $100
billion in drug money each year by allowing regulators to lift their charters or
revoke their Federal deposit insurance.

On a 406-to-0 vote, the House approved a bill that would also permanently ban
bank officers convicted of money laundering schemes from working for a financial
institution.

In addition, the bill would require the Bush Administration to expand
negotiations with foreign nations on reporting suspected laundering transactions
and give it authority to impose sanctions against countries that do not
cooperate.

Nearly identical bills were approved twice last year by the House. But they
faltered in the Senate.

Representative Frank Annunzio, Democrat of Illinois., the bill's primary author,
said giving regulators authority to revoke the charter of a Federal bank
convicted of money laundering or lift the Federal deposit insurance of state
banks amounted to a "death sentence."

"Murderers can go to the electric chair, but until now, no one has devised a way
to execute a bank," he said. "But those who launder drug money are accomplices
to every drug-related murder in this country."

But money laundering also endangers the banking system itself, he said, citing
the two biggest bank failures of the past year -- the National Bank of
Washington and the Bank of New England -- after each was convicted of money
laundering.

LOAD-DATE: June 12, 1991

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1991 The New York Times Company

                              675 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Lowell Sun (Massachusetts)

                          November 24, 2010 Wednesday

Jury convicts DeLay in money laundering trial

BYLINE: The Lowell Sun

SECTION: BREAKING

LENGTH: 122 words


AUSTIN, Texas (AP) -- A jury in Texas has convicted former U.S. House Majority
Leader Tom DeLay on charges he illegally funneled corporate money to Texas
candidates in 2002.

Delay was once one of the most powerful Republicans in Congress. He now faces up
to life in prison.

Jurors in Austin deliberated for 19 hours before returning guilty verdicts on
Wednesday on charges of money laundering and conspiracy to commit money
laundering.

Prosecutors say the former Houston-area congressman used his political action
committee to illegally channel $190,000 in corporate donations into Texas
legislative races through a money swap.

DeLay and his attorneys maintained no corporate funds went to Texas candidates
and the money swap was legal.

LOAD-DATE: November 26, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              676 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                Sentinel & Enterprise (Fitchburg, Massachusetts)

                          November 24, 2010 Wednesday

Jury convicts DeLay in money laundering trial

BYLINE: Sentinel & Enterprise

SECTION: BREAKING

LENGTH: 122 words


AUSTIN, Texas (AP) -- A jury in Texas has convicted former U.S. House Majority
Leader Tom DeLay on charges he illegally funneled corporate money to Texas
candidates in 2002.

Delay was once one of the most powerful Republicans in Congress. He now faces up
to life in prison.

Jurors in Austin deliberated for 19 hours before returning guilty verdicts on
Wednesday on charges of money laundering and conspiracy to commit money
laundering.

Prosecutors say the former Houston-area congressman used his political action
committee to illegally channel $190,000 in corporate donations into Texas
legislative races through a money swap.

DeLay and his attorneys maintained no corporate funds went to Texas candidates
and the money swap was legal.

LOAD-DATE: November 24, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


      Copyright 2010 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Mid-States Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              677 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                             April 14, 2015 Tuesday

Newark Man Pleads Guilty to Theft and Money Laundering for Leading Scheme to
Steal $1.5 Million in Unemployment Benefits

LENGTH: 1054  words


Acting Attorney General John J. Hoffman announced that a Newark man pleaded
guilty today to theft and money laundering for orchestrating a scheme to steal
nearly $1.5 million in unemployment benefits from the State of New Jersey.
Terry Dilligard II, 38, of Newark, pleaded guilty today to second-degree charges
of theft by deception and money laundering before Superior Court Judge Timothy
P. Lydon in Mercer County. Under the plea agreement, the state will recommend
that Dilligard be sentenced to 18 years in state prison, specifically nine years
for each charge, with the sentences to run consecutively. Dilligard also pleaded
guilty to a second-degree charge of theft by deception for stealing $165,600
from Harrah's Resort and Casino in Atlantic City by making copies of checks
issued to him by the casino and fraudulently collecting payment on the copies as
well as the original checks. He faces a concurrent seven-year prison sentence on
that charge. Judge Lydon scheduled sentencing for Dilligard for June 5.


Deputy Attorneys General Philip Leahy and Anthony Torntore prosecuted Dilligard.
Torntore took the guilty plea today for the Division of Criminal Justice
Specialized Crimes Bureau. Dilligard was charged in "Operation Labor Day," an
investigation by the Division of Criminal Justice and the New Jersey Department
of Labor & Workforce Development.
In pleading guilty, Dilligard admitted to conspiring with others, including his
ex-girlfriend and his father, to defraud the State of New Jersey out of a total
of $1,489,411 in unemployment benefits. His ex-girlfriend, Monique Valentine,
36, of Roselle, N.J., was sentenced on Sept. 26, 2014 to five years in prison
for her role in the scheme. Charges are pending against Terry Dilligard Sr., 60,
of DeLand, Fla.
"Terry Dilligard II is the biggest con artist in a family of con artists who
together committed one of the largest thefts ever from a government assistance
program in New Jersey," said Acting Attorney General Hoffman. "Several other
defendants already are serving lengthy prison sentences thanks to our joint
investigation with the Department of Labor, and this guilty plea ensures that he
will follow suit."
"Through Operation Labor Day, we uncovered more than $2 million in thefts from
New Jersey's unemployment insurance fund and brought all of those responsible to
justice," said Director Elie Honig of the Division of Criminal Justice. "We will
continue to work with the Department of Labor to guard this critical financial
lifeline for workers in New Jersey."  "We have maintained a no-tolerance stand
against anyone who steals from the Unemployment Insurance Trust Fund, and with
the state Office of the Attorney General, we have prosecuted everyone caught
defrauding the system to the fullest extent. We also have implemented anti-fraud
measures that have, to date, prevented more than $550 million from going into
the hands of fraudsters, and we continue to improve our fraud detection
techniques to protect this important safety net," Labor Commissioner Harold J.
Wirths said.
Dilligard, Valentine and Dilligard Sr. were named in a March 1, 2012 indictment
charging that between August 2006 and November 2010, they conspired to file
false unemployment insurance claims which resulted in the theft of $1,489,411 in
unemployment benefits from the State of New Jersey. Claims were filed in the
names of numerous co-conspirators and individuals whose identities were stolen,
including nine voters in Florida whose identities were allegedly stolen by
Dilligard's father.
A separate indictment returned on the same day charged Janice Allen, 59, of
Newark, Dilligard's mother, and Janice Dilligard, 38, of Newark, Dilligard's
twin sister, with stealing $585,304 by filing false unemployment claims in the
names of numerous claimants, including relatives and people who were deceased.
Both of those women were convicted at trial on Dec. 20, 2013 and each was
sentenced to 15 years in state prison, including five years of parole
ineligibility.
Twenty-six others defendants were indicted in the plot and 25 have either
pleaded guilty or been admitted into the Pre-Trial Intervention program. The one
remaining defendant, Tony Hardiman, is a fugitive.
The investigation began in 2010 when a debit card company affiliated with a bank
used by the defendants alerted the New Jersey Department of Labor & Workforce
Development about suspicious activity related to debit accounts, including
account holders who were deceased and unemployment benefits for multiple
claimants being deposited into the same account. The labor department's fraud
unit, the Bureau of Benefit Payment Control, identified numerous false claims
linked to the accounts and alerted the Division of Criminal Justice. The
Division of Criminal Justice and Department of Labor & Workforce Development
then commenced their joint investigation, "Operation Labor Day."
The investigation was conducted for the Division of Criminal Justice by
Detectives Kimberly Allen and Eric Ludwick of the Financial & Computer Crimes
Bureau, and Deputy Attorneys General Philip Leahy and Anthony Torntore of the
Specialized Crimes Bureau. The investigation was conducted for the Department of
Labor & Workforce Development, Bureau of Benefit Payment Control, by Supervising
Investigator Micheal Kulyk, Supervisor of Investigations Michael Marich, former
Supervising Investigator Susan Zamparelli, and former Acting Chief of the Bureau
of Benefit Payment Control John Galvin. Attorney General Hoffman thanked the
Office of Labor Racketeering & Fraud Investigations within the U.S. Department
of Labor's Office of Inspector General (OIG), New York Regional Office, for its
valuable assistance throughout the investigation. He also thanked the following
agencies which provided assistance at various times: Boonton Police Department,
New Jersey Human Services Police and the U.S. Marshals Service NY/NJ Regional
Fugitive Task Force.
Acting Attorney General Hoffman and Director Honig noted that the Division of
Criminal Justice has established a toll-free tip line 1-866-TIPS-4CJ for the
public to confidentially report corruption, financial crime and other illegal
activities. The public can also log on to the Division's webpage at
www.njdcj.org to report suspected wrongdoing. 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: April 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              678 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                              July 4, 2010 Sunday

Embattled San Jose lawyer goes on trial in money-laundering case

BYLINE: By Howard Mintz hmintz@mercurynews.com

SECTION: BREAKING; Crime; News; Local

LENGTH: 499 words


San Jose attorney Jamie Harley, known as Jamie Harmon for most of her career,
describes herself these days as "embattled defense attorney," even on her
Facebook page.

This week, Harley will find out just how embattled she may be. The 53-year-old
local criminal-defense lawyer goes on trial in San Jose federal court, where she
faces money laundering charges that could end her legal career and land her in a
federal prison cell if convicted.

A federal grand jury indicted Harley two years ago, accusing her of laundering
more than $100,000 for a client who was trafficking in stolen computer
equipment. The client, Christian Pantages, pleaded guilty this spring to two
felony charges in the case and has agreed to cooperate as a government witness
when the trial begins to unfold on Tuesday before U.S. District Judge James
Ware.

Since being indicted, Harley has changed her name from Harmon and renamed her
law practice, which has continued with the charges pending. She declined to
comment on the trial, and her lawyer, Victor Vertner, did not return a phone
message seeking comment.

Harley has been a controversial figure in local legal circles for years. A
Mercury News series in 2006 found that she'd been cited three times by judges
for providing incorrect legal advice. In May, a state Bar court disciplined her
for nine counts of misconduct involving six clients, but limited the punishment
to six months suspension from practicing law because of her "good character."
The suspension has not yet been enforced, allowing Harley to recently represent
San Jose swim coach Andrew King in his molestation case.

Meanwhile, federal prosecutors also declined to comment.

But court papers filed by both sides reveal the different accounts the jury is
likely to hear in Harley's trial.

The prosecution's case dates back seven years, to Harley's representation of
Pantages and his business, Silicon Valley Resale. The prosecution also traces it
to a later fallout in a civil case Pantages filed in 2004 against Harley over
her handling of the legal fees in state criminal proceedings linked to the
computer theft operation.

Federal prosecutors allege that Harley funneled $127,550 Pantages earned from
selling stolen Cisco equipment into her attorney-client trust account, and then
turned around and wrote checks back to Pantages and his wife despite knowing the
money was from peddling stolen technology. Court papers say Harley kept about
$25,000 for her representation, and returned the rest to the couple.

Based on court papers, the crux of Harley's defense is that she did not know the
money was from stolen Cisco equipment, and that she merely returned the money as
the case unfolded and determined it was not needed for a trial on state criminal
charges against Pantages.

"It is the defense's position that at no time did Ms. Harmon know the two checks
were proceeds of stolen property," Harley's lawyer wrote in December.

The trial is expected to take about two weeks.

Contact Howard Mintz at 408-286-0236.

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: (AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved

                              679 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The Patriot Ledger (Quincy, MA)

                            February 23, 2007 Friday
                              City Chaser Edition

Hanson broker sent to jail for 6 years;
Gets time for mail fraud, money laundering schemes that netted more than $670K

BYLINE: DENNIS TATZ, The Patriot Ledger.

Dennis Tatz may be reached at dtatz@ledger.com.

SECTION: News; pg. ONE2

LENGTH: 485 words


BOSTON - A former insurance broker from Hanson is going to federal prison for
mail fraud and money laundering schemes that netted him more than $670,000 from
victims.

U. S. District Judge Mark Wolf called the actions of 43-year-old Joseph P.
Garvey "despicable" while ordering him Wednesday to serve five years and 11
months behind bars. Garvey will be on probation for three years after he is
released.

Garvey admitted to 12 counts of mail fraud and 13 counts of money laundering
during a hearing in October.

Prosecutors said Garvey was involved in two fraud schemes in which he pocketed
$670,852, using the money to buy personal items for himself and his wife.

Garvey must pay restitution of $493,748. He has already reimbursed $177,104 to
some victims.

In one instance, Garvey, a former independent producer for Transamerica and
insurance agent for the Knights of Columbus, used two intermediaries to defraud
several people into believing they were buying annuity policies from
Transamerica, a financial services company.

Instead of obtaining valid annuity policies, Garvey deposited the checks from
December 2002 through July 2004 into a bank account that he controlled.

Garvey had opened an account at a Wells Fargo Bank in California in the name of
Transamerica without the company's knowledge.

During that time, Garvey persuaded two Knights of Columbus field agents to
solicit individuals to buy Transamerica annuity policies from him.

In exchange for client referrals, Garvey paid the agents commissions based on
the value of the policies that he sold.

Both agents solicited family members and Knights of Columbus clients to buy the
annuities, according to prosecutors.

Garvey provided bogus annuity policies for some buyers, prosecutors said.

As a result of the scam, Garvey collected $456,437.

In the second scheme from February 2004 through July 2004, Garvey pretended to
be an 80-year-old former client to fraudulently withdraw funds from an annuity
policy the former client had with the Catholic Order of Foresters, a fraternal
organization that offers life insurance and annuities to members.

Prosecutors said Garvey sent letters and faxes to the organization for change of
address and withdrawal of funds forms.

He set up a post office box with a fake Orlando, Fla., address so the mail would
eventually be forwarded to his Hanson home.

As a result, Garvey was able to defraud the Catholic Order of Foresters into
believing that his former elderly client wanted to withdraw money from her
annuity.

After receiving the first check, Garvey mailed it for deposit into the phony
Transamerica account.

Prosecutors said Garvey repeated the scam a second time.

Due to the early withdrawal of funds from the annuity policy on the two
occasions, fees were charged and resulted in a loss of $214,415 to the elderly
Buzzards Bay woman.

U. S. District Judge Mark Wolf called the actions of 43-year-old Joseph P.
Garvey "despicable."

LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2007 The Patriot Ledger

                              680 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                    MARCH 24, 1995 Friday NEW JERSEY EDITION

CAR RESTORER GETS JAIL FOR MONEY LAUNDERING

BYLINE: Joseph A. Slobodzian, INQUIRER STAFF WRITER

SECTION: LOCAL SOUTH JERSEY; Pg. S02

LENGTH: 351 words


As the owner of the Corvette Connection in South Jersey, Paul Andrecola was
known among auto aficionados as a "genius," the guy you sought out to restore
the roar to the oldest, most problematic of the popular performance cars.

But catering to one particular customer brought Andrecola not accolades but more
than five years in a federal prison yesterday. He was sentenced after pleading
guilty in September to money-laundering charges for investing about $300,000
belonging to Corvette owner - and admitted cocaine dealer - Roberto Cintron in
an Atlantic City jet-ski business.

U.S. District Judge J. Curtis Joyner rejected Andrecola's bid for leniency:
Andrecola insisted that, though he knew money laundering was illegal, he thought
Cintron got his cash from a Laundromat and not from drugs, according to
Assistant U.S. Attorney William Nugent.

In addition to the 66-month no-parole prison term, Andrecola was fined $10,000.
Nugent said the government was unlikely to recoup any of the money Andrecola
admitted laundering because the former auto restorer had gone bankrupt.

Andrecola, 36, of Pennsauken, was indicted by the federal grand jury in
Philadelphia in September on one count of conspiracy and 22 counts of money
laundering involving his business dealings with Cintron from April to November
1992.

Nugent said Andrecola received the cash from Cintron, mostly in $100 bills, and
then tried to disguise its origin by making small cash deposits in various bank
accounts, buying vehicles, and investing in "Makin Waves," which rented jet skis
from docks at Harrah's Marina Casino Hotel in Atlantic City.

Nugent said Andrecola pleaded guilty Sept. 24 to all counts in the indictment.

Cintron, Andrecola's shady business partner, was indicted on drug- trafficking
charges in October 1993 with seven other North Philadelphia men, who were
accused of participating in a cocaine operation that from 1988 to 1992 sold as
much as $400,000 worth of drugs weekly.

Cintron pleaded guilty and is to be sentenced Monday before U.S. District Judge
James McGirr Kelly.

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1995 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved

                              681 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 8, 2016 Thursday

Washington: Local Man Pleads Guilty to Stolen Identity Tax Refund and Money
Laundering Scheme

LENGTH: 397  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Department of Justice has issued the following news release:



 Precious Agobe, St. Louis County, MO, pled guilty to charges involving his
participation in a stolen identity tax fraud and money laundering scheme.



 According to court documents, on three occasions in February 2015, Agobe made
withdrawals from a Bank of America account which contained the proceeds of
fraudulently obtained federal income tax refunds. The total amount of these
withdrawals was $8,800. As part of the plea agreement in this case, the parties
agreed that the loss from these fraudulently obtained income tax returns was
between $250,000 and $550,000.

 In December 2015, Agobe withdrew $3,000 from a Bank of America account which
contained the proceeds of a scheme to defraud in which a business in Kelso,
Washington, was induced by fraud to transfer $47,700 from its bank account to a
bank account at Bank of the West, in Mission, Kansas. A portion of this money
was subsequently transferred to the Bank of America account from which Agobe
withdrew $3,000.

 In February 2016, 21 counterfeit checks in amounts totaling $99,055 which
purported to be drawn on an account of a business in Mustang, Oklahoma, at All
America Bank, in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, were deposited into an account at Bank
of America. Agobe subsequently withdrew $1,990 from this Bank of America
account. As part of the plea agreement in this case, the parties agreed that the
loss from Agobe's money laundering activity was $68,968.

 Agobe pled guilty to three counts of theft of government property and two
counts of money laundering before United States District Judge Ronnie L. White.
Sentencing has been set for March 26, 2017.

 Theft of government funds carries a maximum penalty of ten years in prison
and/or fines up to $250,000. Each count of money laundering carries a maximum of
20 years and/or fines up to $500,000.  In determining the actual sentences, a
judge is required to consider the U.S. Sentencing Guidelines, which provide
recommended sentencing ranges.

 This case was investigated by Internal Revenue Service-Criminal Investigation
and the Kelso, Washington Police Department. Assistant United States Attorney
Steven Muchnick is handling the case for the U.S. Attorney's Office.




 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              682 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 8, 2016 Thursday

Washington: Local Man Pleads Guilty to Stolen Identity Tax Refund and Money
Laundering Scheme

LENGTH: 397  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Department of Justice has issued the following news release:



 Precious Agobe, St. Louis County, MO, pled guilty to charges involving his
participation in a stolen identity tax fraud and money laundering scheme.



 According to court documents, on three occasions in February 2015, Agobe made
withdrawals from a Bank of America account which contained the proceeds of
fraudulently obtained federal income tax refunds. The total amount of these
withdrawals was $8,800. As part of the plea agreement in this case, the parties
agreed that the loss from these fraudulently obtained income tax returns was
between $250,000 and $550,000.

 In December 2015, Agobe withdrew $3,000 from a Bank of America account which
contained the proceeds of a scheme to defraud in which a business in Kelso,
Washington, was induced by fraud to transfer $47,700 from its bank account to a
bank account at Bank of the West, in Mission, Kansas. A portion of this money
was subsequently transferred to the Bank of America account from which Agobe
withdrew $3,000.

 In February 2016, 21 counterfeit checks in amounts totaling $99,055 which
purported to be drawn on an account of a business in Mustang, Oklahoma, at All
America Bank, in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, were deposited into an account at Bank
of America. Agobe subsequently withdrew $1,990 from this Bank of America
account. As part of the plea agreement in this case, the parties agreed that the
loss from Agobe's money laundering activity was $68,968.

 Agobe pled guilty to three counts of theft of government property and two
counts of money laundering before United States District Judge Ronnie L. White.
Sentencing has been set for March 26, 2017.

 Theft of government funds carries a maximum penalty of ten years in prison
and/or fines up to $250,000. Each count of money laundering carries a maximum of
20 years and/or fines up to $500,000.  In determining the actual sentences, a
judge is required to consider the U.S. Sentencing Guidelines, which provide
recommended sentencing ranges.

 This case was investigated by Internal Revenue Service-Criminal Investigation
and the Kelso, Washington Police Department. Assistant United States Attorney
Steven Muchnick is handling the case for the U.S. Attorney's Office.




 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              683 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Alamogordo Daily News (New Mexico)

                             May 14, 2014 Wednesday

Another person associated with 'AZ Boys' indicted

BYLINE: By John Bear jbear@alamogordonews.com @johnbearwithme on Twitter

SECTION: NEWS; Entertainment

LENGTH: 386 words


Another person allegedly associated with a methamphetamine trafficking
organization has been indicted on racketeering and money laundering charges.

Twelfth Judicial District Senior Trial Prosecutor Kirby Wills said Tuesday that
Maria Del Carmen Chavez, 40, is charged with one count each of second-degree
felony racketeering, third-degree felony conspiracy to commit racketeering,
fourth-degree felony conspiracy to commit money laundering, two counts of
fourth-degree felony money laundering and one count of fourth-degree conspiracy
to commit money laundering.

Wills said Maria Chavez was arrested in Phoenix and initially fought extradition
to New Mexico but has since given up that fight.

Chavez remained jailed at the Otero County Detention Center Wednesday on a
$60,000 cash only bond.

Wills said that because of Maria Chavez's testimony at Joe and Robert Chavez's
trials, Maria Chavez is alleged to have known more about her brothers' criminal
enterprise than previously believed by the District Attorney's office.

According to District Court records and grand jury indictments, the case began
when the Otero County Narcotics Enforcement Unit arrested the Chavez brothers
Joe and Robert   on various charges of methamphetamine drug trafficking after
OCNEU agents found four pounds of methamphetamine in a 2006 white Chevrolet
pickup truck in May 2012 that Robert Chavez was driving.

According to records and indictments obtained by the Daily News, the Chavez
brothers are known as the "AZ Boys" because of their ties to the Phoenix area.

Chaves County juries convicted Joe and Robert Chavez of multitude of charges in
2014, including trafficking, money laundering and racketeering.

A Chaves County District Judge sentenced Robert Chavez to 36 years in prison.
Joe Chavez is jailed at a New Mexico detention facility pending his sentencing
hearing.

Charges are still pending against several other people in connection with the
case including Angela Catt, Richard Richardson, Matias Loza and Sammy Lee
Mitchell.

Otero County Sheriff Benny House said Tuesday that he is excited about Maria
Chavez grand jury indictment.

"I know our folks are really looking forward to giving this young lady her day
in court," he said. "We are prepared to present the case against her with the
assistance of the District Attorney's office."

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2014 Alamogordo Daily News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved

                              684 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           August 17, 2016 Wednesday

Eight Charged with Conspiring to Traffic Synthetic Drugs into United States from
China

LENGTH: 942  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office for the United States Attorneys, Western District of
Virginia has issued the following news release:



  Seven individuals who are alleged to have been members of a conspiracy that
trafficked controlled substances, including controlled substance analogues (also
called synthetic drugs) from Asia that eventually made their way to the streets
of Harrisonburg for distribution, have been indicted by a federal grand jury
sitting in the United States District Court for the Western District of Virginia
in Harrisonburg.





 After the synthetic drugs arrived in the United States, this conspiracy
distributed them to locations in the Western District of Virginia, New York,
Illinois, Pennsylvania, Oregon, North Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia, Texas,
Ohio and Michigan. An eighth man, who has pled guilty to being part of the
conspiracy, has admitted to providing the drugs to a sub-distributor in
Harrisonburg, United States Attorney John P. Fishwick Jr. announced today.



 In a superseding indictment filed under seal July 19, 2016 and unsealed in
recent weeks following the arrests and initial court appearances of the
defendants, the grand jury has charged Jason Bradley, 38, of Chicago, Illinois,
his wife, Deborah Ryba, 37, also of Chicago, Ryan Buchanan, 35, of Downers
Grove, Illinois, Brian Lister, 29, of Buffalo Grove, Illinois, Nicholas
Purintun, 30, of Downers Grove, Illinois, Nayna Taylor, 55, of Charlotte, North
Carolina and Edward Taylor, 66, of Charlotte, North Carolina.



 According to the superseding indictment, from March 2011 to October 2015, the
defendants conspired to traffic controlled substances, including controlled
substance analogues, from China and other Asian countries to the United States,
including areas in the Western District of Virginia, for the purpose of human
consumption.  At times during the conspiracy, Jason Bradley and Deborah Bradley
lived in China and Thailand and shipped synthetic drugs directly to other
members of the conspiracy, who then redistributed them to various locations
throughout the United States.  The superseding indictment also alleges that some
members of the conspiracy engaged in a conspiracy to commit money laundering
transactions.



 A related conspirator, Robert Justin Schroeder, 36, also from the Chicago,
Illinois area, pled guilty under seal in May 2016 to one count of conspiracy to
distribute and possess with the intent to distribute controlled substance
analogues, and one count of conspiracy to launder money.  Schroeder's guilty
plea was unsealed recently in Federal Court in Harrisonburg.  Schroeder has
admitted that the synthetic drugs would arrive from China packaged in a variety
of ways to avoid detection, including smuggled inside of cosmetic fingernail
dryers, children's toys and stuffed animals.  Schroeder also admitted that one
of his sub-distributors was located in the Harrisonburg-area, and that this
individual obtained controlled substance analogues from Schroeder and
redistributed them to customers throughout the Harrisonburg-area in the Western
District of Virginia.  According to Schroeder, this conspiracy was a major
wholesale supplier of synthetic drugs to distributors who were shut down during
Operation Log Jam, the DEA's nationwide federal roundup of synthetic drug
distributors in 2012.  Schroeder admitted that the conspiracy earned over 1
million dollars selling the synthetic drugs.



 Those charged in the recently unsealed superseding indictment are as follows:







     Jason Bradley, 38, of Chicago, Illinois: one count of drug trafficking
conspiracy, one count of conspiracy to import controlled substances (including
controlled substance analogues), and two counts of money laundering conspiracy.



     Deborah Ryba, 37, of Chicago, Illinois: one count of drug trafficking
conspiracy, one count of conspiracy to import controlled substances (including
controlled substance analogues), and two counts of money laundering conspiracy.



     Ryan Buchanan, 33, of Downers Grove, Illinois: one count of drug
trafficking conspiracy, one count of conspiracy to import controlled substances
(including controlled substance analogues), and two counts of money laundering
conspiracy.



     Brian Lister, 29, of Buffalo Grove, Illinois: one count of drug trafficking
conspiracy, one count of conspiracy to import controlled substances (including
controlled substance analogues), and one count of money laundering conspiracy.



     Nicholas Purintun, 30, of Downers Grover, Illinois: one count of drug
trafficking conspiracy, one count of conspiracy to import controlled substances
(including controlled substance analogues), and one count of money laundering
conspiracy.



     Nanya Taylor, 55, of Charlotte, North Carolina: one count of drug
trafficking conspiracy.



     Edward Taylor, 66, of Charlotte, North Carolina: one count of drug
trafficking conspiracy.



 The investigation of the case was conducted by the Drug Enforcement
Administration (DEA), the Internal Revenue Service (IRS), the Department of
Homeland Security (DHS), the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI), United
States Postal Inspection Service (USPIS), Virginia State Police, Michigan State
Police, and the Burlington Police Department in North Carolina.  Assistant
United States Attorney Grayson A. Hoffman will prosecute the case for the United
States.



 A Grand Jury Indictment is only a charge and not evidence of guilt.  The
defendant is entitled to a fair trial with the burden on the government to prove
guilt beyond a reasonable doubt.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: August 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              685 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Cumberland Times-News (Maryland)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 18, 2014 Thursday

Drug charges dropped against Keyser residents

BYLINE: Cumberland Times-News, Md.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 255 words


Sept. 18--KEYSER, W.Va. -- Drug conspiracy charges were dropped recently in U.S.
District Court against two Keyser residents, a Garrett County woman as well as a
Ranson woman and Florida man who were accused of being involved in a large
cocaine trafficking organization.

Charges were dropped against Keyser residents Dixie Sherylann Layman, 40, and
Samaria Alice Clifford, 32, according to Chris Zumpetta-Parr, supervisory
paralegal specialist with the U.S. Attorney's Office Northern District of West
Virginia. A money laundering conspiracy charge and four counts of money
laundering were also dropped against Layman.

Drug conspiracy charges were also dropped against Sheena Collins, 26, of
Oakland; Tequila A. Smith, 32, Ranson ;and Travis Howard, 34, of Palatka, Fla.

Zumpetta-Parr declined to comment on why the charges were dropped.

The charges were a result of a 73-count federal indictment charging cocaine
trafficking and money laundering.

The lead defendant in the case is Cedric Malachi Jones, also known as "BG," 32,
of Palm Coast, Fla.

Patrice Dominique Stephens, 34, of Westernport is one of eight people who
pleaded guilty to federal drug charges in U.S. District Court in Martinsburg
recently. Stephens was charged with distribution of cocaine and faces up to 20
years in prison, where he is currently in custody, according to U.S. Attorney
William Ihlenfeld II.

___ (c)2014 the Cumberland Times News (Cumberland, Md.) Visit the Cumberland
Times News (Cumberland, Md.) at times-news.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140918-UM-Drug-charges-dropped-against-Keyser-residents-0918-20140918

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UM


                      Copyright 2014 Cumberland Times-News

                              686 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

                           December 25, 2012 Tuesday
                                 SOONER EDITION

CMU GRAD ARGUES FOR BOND IN MONEY-LAUNDERING CHARGES

BYLINE: Torsten Ove, Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. B-5

LENGTH: 718 words


A former Carnegie Mellon University trustee charged with laundering millions for
a Mexican drug cartel says he's no risk to flee or a menace to anyone and
shouldn't remain locked up pending trial in Texas.

But the federal government says Marco Antonio Delgado, 46, is likely to
disappear if a judge lets him out on bond.

Federal prosecutors in El Paso said Mr. Delgado told an associate that if he was
ever arrested he would flee to the Caribbean, where U.S. agents said he has a
bank account to launder his money and an attorney friend named "Big John."

Agents with U.S. Homeland Security Investigations said Big John is associated
with the Turks and Caicos law firm of Skippings and Rutley and has helped Mr.
Delgado transfer his funds.

Homeland Security agents also said Mr. Delgado has traveled widely in Europe and
to Cuba, where a government witness, Victor Pimentel, said he and Mr. Delgado
regularly made trips to have "mass sexual activities" with underage girls.

Mr. Delgado, an El Paso energy lawyer who resigned from CMU's board of trustees
this summer, was indicted Sept. 5 on charges of laundering drug proceeds for the
brutal Milenio cartel. He faces up to 20 years in prison.

Although he cooperated with agents in their investigation of the cartel's
activity in the U.S., the government said he also conducted a side deal in
Chicago without telling his handlers.

A judge initially ordered him detained because of his "access to large amounts
of funds" and "extensive international contacts."

Mr. Delgado and his lawyer, Ray Velarde, say that's not fair. Mr. Delgado said
he has strong family ties to El Paso, where his children and extended family
live, and would not leave them.

Mr. Delgado also said he has known he was under investigation since 2007 and
hasn't fled. In addition, he said he can't escape to Mexico, where he travels
most often, because the Mexican government plans to file wire fraud charges
against him in another case involving the Federal Commission on Electricity of
Mexico.

Mr. Delgado's risk of flight is "minimal," his lawyer wrote. "[Delgado] intends
to appear in court to defend the charges that have been filed against him."

Mr. Delgado led a double life, according to the government, posing as a
respectable lawyer and member of the El Paso high society set while secretly
moving money for shadowy, violent drug lords south of the border.

Born in Mexico in 1966, the son of a doctor, he moved with his family to the
U.S. at 16 and graduated from Austin High School in El Paso. After college in El
Paso, he came to Pittsburgh and studied at CMU's Heinz School of Public Policy
and Management, graduating in 1990, and then received his law degree from Texas
Tech.

In 2003, after having achieved prominence as an energy attorney in El Paso, he
gave the Heinz School a gift of $250,000 to establish a fellowship in his name
for Hispanic students, at the time the largest gift by an alumnus in the history
of the school.

He served on the board of trustees from 2006 until this year.

CMU has refused to comment on any aspect of Mr. Delgado's history or the federal
investigation.

The case began on Sept. 5, 2007, when state troopers pulled over Mr. Pimentel's
vehicle outside Atlanta and seized $1 million cash. Mr. Pimentel cooperated,
identified Mr. Delgado as a co-conspirator and agreed to help HSI make a
controlled delivery.

Mr. Pimentel said Mr. Delgado had provided him with fake court papers indicating
the money came from a legal settlement should Mr. Pimentel be stopped by the
police.

In recorded calls between Mr. Pimentel and Mr. Delgado, Mr. Delgado indicated
that the money was from drug sales, according to federal prosecutors.

After the controlled delivery on Sept. 7, 2007, Mr. Delgado was arrested and
also agreed to cooperate. He and Mr. Pimentel both said the $1 million was part
of a trial run in anticipation of moving up to $600 million, prosecutors said.

Agents said they recorded calls between Mr. Delgado and cartel members who were
eager to recover the seized money.

Mr. Delgado has since been threatened -- another reason he should remain in
custody, prosecutors argued.

"The risk to the community would be from spillover violence should the cartel,
who is now aware of [Delgado's] perfidy toward their organization, attempt to
kidnap and/or kill [him]," they said.

LOAD-DATE: December 27, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Torsten Ove: tove@post-gazette.com or 412-231-0132./

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Marco Antonio Delgado

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2012 P.G. Publishing Co.

                              687 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 19, 2015 Monday

Washington: Eleventh Circuit Affirms Convictions And Sentences Of Two Men In
International Investment Fraud And Money Laundering Scheme

LENGTH: 656  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Department of Justice, The Government of USA has issued the following news
release:

United States Attorney A. Lee Bentley, III announces that the United States
Court of Appeals for the Eleventh Circuit has affirmed the convictions and
sentences of United Kingdom citizens Paul R. Gunter (65, Odessa, Florida;
originally of London) and Simon Andrew Odoni (57, Hertfordshire, UK) for their
respective roles in an international investment fraud and money laundering
scheme. In April 2013, a jury found Gunter and Odoni guilty of three counts of
conspiracy to commit mail fraud, wire fraud, and money laundering, as well as
nineteen counts of mail and wire fraud, and fourteen counts of money laundering.
In July 2013, the United States District Court for the Middle District of
Florida sentenced Gunter to 25 years in federal prison and Odoni to 13 years, 4
months in federal prison.

According to the evidence and testimony presented at trial, from at least July
2004 through at least March 13, 2008, Gunter, Odoni, and others engaged in a
sophisticated investment fraud and money laundering scheme in which worthless
stock in hijacked dormant, publicly-traded companies in the United States was
sold to victim-investors, primarily in the United Kingdom. The scheme used
boiler room telemarketers, mostly in Spain, who employed high pressure and
misleading sales techniques. The victim-investors wired more than $127 million
to Gunter's bank accounts in the Middle District of Florida. The conspirators
bilked victim-investors out of another $10 million via a FOREX currency trading
scheme, which also utilized the boiler rooms in Spain. Gunter, Odoni, and their
co-conspirators used the victim-investors' funds to perpetuate the fraudulent
scheme and for their own personal enrichment. Victim-investors' funds were used
to buy, among other things, an airplane, two vessels, vehicles, including a
Ferrari, and real property in the Caribbean islands, England, and Florida.

On appeal, Gunter argued that the district court should have suppressed certain
computer evidence and granted his motion for a mistrial. Odoni argued that the
district court had lacked personal jurisdiction over him, that the evidence had
been insufficient to convict him, that the district court had erred in denying
his motion for a new trial, and that his sentence was unreasonable. The United
States Court of Appeals for the Eleventh Circuit rejected each of these
arguments, affirming the district court's denial of Gunter's and Odoni's various
motions, finding that the evidence of Odoni's guilt was "overwhelming," and
concluding that Odoni's sentence was reasonable. In affirming the denial of
Gunter's suppression motion, the Court found that Gunter had no reasonable
expectation of privacy in his computer files when U.S. officials examined them
because those files had already been reviewed by British officials during an
independent criminal investigation in the United Kingdom.

The case was investigated by the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement's
(ICE) Homeland Security Investigations (HSI), Tampa, Florida, as well as the
U.S. Secret Service, Tampa, Florida and Newark, New Jersey Field Offices. The
government also received assistance from several other authorities, including
the City of London Police, the UK's Serious Fraud Office and Norfolk
Constabulary, the Spanish National Police, the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission, the Ontario Securities Commission, and the British Columbia
Securities Commission. The case was prosecuted in the district court by
Assistant United States Attorneys Rachelle DesVaux Bedke and Kelley
Howard-Allen. The appeal was handled by Assistant United States Attorney Linda
Julin McNamara and by Trial Attorney Jenny Ellickson of the U.S. Department of
Justice's Criminal Appellate Section.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              688 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                       October 19, 2000, Thursday, FINAL

Anti-laundering giants convene: Tearing the cover off 'victimless' crime

BYLINE: David Baines

SECTION: Business; F1 / Front

LENGTH: 580 words


RCMP Insp. Kim Clark, head of the Vancouver Integrated Proceeds of Crime
section, doesn't share the popular view that money laundering is a non- violent,
victimless crime.

He draws a straight line from the ruthless world of drug dealing to the more
urbane, white-collar business of laundering the proceeds.

''We have 20-odd unsolved murders in the Lower Mainland related to drug
dealing,'' he said Wednesday.

''There is a direct nexus between drug dealing and violence, and its spinoff,
money-laundering. It's looked on as victimless crime, but that's not true at
all.''

Like drug dealing, money laundering transcends borders, which makes the problem
a global one. That necessarily makes the solution a global one as well.

Clark has become one of the key organizers of the Pacific Rim Money Laundering
and Financial Crimes Conference, which starts Saturday at the Westin Bayshore.

More than 500 delegates from 46 countries have paid up to $795 to attend the
four- day event.

Attendees include top-level bankers, senior law enforcement officers, government
finance officials, justice department prosecutors, forensic accountants and
information technology personnel.

About 90 per cent are from out of town, Clark said.

They will be able to listen to 65 speakers, including Gareth Williams, an
intelligence expert with the Hong Kong police narcotics bureau; Jack Blum, a
U.S. expert in offshore financial centres; Marshall Irwin of the National Crime
Authority in Australia; Prof. Fletcher Baldwin of the University of Florida's
Centre for International Financial Crimes Studies; Manuel Vasquez of the
Caribbean Anti-Money Laundering program; John Hensley of California's Gambling
Control Commission; and Tony Mangione of the U.S. Customs Service.

One of the features will be two plenary sessions on Operation Casablanca, a
three-year U.S. Customs Service sting operation that culminated in 1998 with
indictments against three Mexican banks and 112 people on charges of laundering
millions of dollars for Latin American drug cartels.

''The conference is important from the perspective of breaking down barriers,
establishing relationships and enlightening those countries that don't have
(anti-money-laundering) legislation,'' Clark said.

The federal government estimates that $5 billion and $17 billion in criminal
proceeds are laundered in Canada every year.

To help combat the problem, the government has proposed legislation (Bill C-22)
that would require financial institutions, casinos, and currency exchange
businesses and individuals acting as financial intermediaries, such as lawyers
and accountants, to file reports for cash transactions exceeding $10,000.

Failure to report would be punishable by a fine up to $2 million and
imprisonment up to five years.

An analysis centre would be established to collect and analyze the information
to assist in detecting and prosecuting money laundering offences.

The centre would also share information with foreign agencies.

''You can't work in isolation today,'' Clark said. ''There are very few money-
laundering investigations that don't involve some other jurisdiction, either
interprovincially or internationally.''

Clark said the conference will help foster the trust and cooperation of foreign
agencies: ''The big thing is integrity. Canada is very well known and trusted
worldwide, and the conference can only cement this.''

dbaines@pacpress.southam.ca


LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: CP Color Photo: Mark Van Manen, Vancouver Sun / BOOK 'EM: Insp. Kim
Clark bars no holds when it comes to his regard for money launderers.

               Copyright 2000 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              689 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                   May 19, 1998 Tuesday MORNING FINAL EDITION

FEDERAL STING TARGETS DRUG MONEY LAUNDERING U.S. OFFICIALS CLAIM INDICTMENTS
PROVE LINK BETWEEN CARTELS AND MAJOR BANKS IN MEXICO

BYLINE: CAROL ROSENBERG, Mercury News Washington Bureau

SECTION: FRONT; Pg. 12A

LENGTH: 586 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Undercover U.S. agents invited Mexican bankers to a weekend party at a Nevada
casino and turned the tables on them, arresting 21 people and rolling up a
three-year drug money laundering probe that seized $157 million in Colombian
cocaine profits, the Clinton administration announced Monday.

Officials from the Customs, Treasury and Justice departments declared the sting
operation, which resulted in the indictments of three Mexican banks -- Bancomer,
Banco Serfin and Confia -- the largest and most comprehensive drug money
laundering case in U.S. history.

Treasury Secretary Robert Rubin and Attorney General Janet Reno said the
indictments, which were unsealed in U.S. District Court in Los Angeles,
represented "the first time Mexican banks and bank officials have been directly
linked to laundering . . . U.S. drug profits."

The indictments, according to Treasury investigators, allege that officials from
12 of Mexico's 19 largest banking institutions were involved in money-laundering
activities.

Investigators said they established a clear money-laundering link between the
Cali and Juarez cocaine cartels and several Mexican banks, which used U.S. soil
and five Federal Reserve-supervised foreign banking organizations to move money
between Mexico and Colombia via the United States.

The crackdown, labeled "Operation Casablanca," also netted 2 tons of cocaine, 4
tons of marijuana and $35 million in cash, plus $110 million seized in U.S. bank
accounts and $12 million in overseas bank accounts, said Raymond Kelly, the
Treasury Department's undersecretary for enforcement.

"Today, we have hurt the drug cartels where it hurts the most, in their
pocketbooks," said Rubin.

"Today is a very bad day for drug dealers in the hemisphere," added Reno.

Rubin said: "By infiltrating the highest levels of this international
drug-trafficking financial infrastructure, Customs was able to crack the
elaborate financial schemes the drug traffickers developed to launder the
tremendous volumes of cash acquired as proceeds from their deadly trade."

Treasury officials said they also seized more than 100 U.S. bank accounts
through which drug money was laundered.

In all, more than 112 people were arrested over the course of the three-year
operation, although only 21 were arrested Saturday and Sunday in California and
Nevada. None of those arrested was a U.S. citizen, said Kelly, who described the
Mexican bankers as mostly "midlevel people."

To keep a veil of secrecy around the operation, Kelly said, no government
officials in either Mexico or Colombia were told about the probe until after the
arrests. Reno said she and Rubin spoke to their Mexican government counterparts
Monday morning and received assurances that they would cooperate fully.

Miguel Garca, a lawyer for Bancomer, Mexico's second-largest bank, said Monday
that Bancomer has no evidence that any of its executives were involved in money
laundering. However, he said the bank will cooperate fully with authorities in
both countries. Garca said the magnitude of the charges will require an
investigation by Mexico's National Banking and Securities Commission.

Carlos Gomez y Gomez, president of the Mexican Bankers' Association, said Monday
evening that the indictments came as a "total surprise" and said his group will
cooperate fully with U.S. and Mexican investigators.

"I applaud this action," Gomez said. "We should not permit narcotrafficking and
money laundering to destroy our society."

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Ricardo Sandoval of the Mercury News Mexico City Bureau contributed to
this report.

                     Copyright 1998 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved

                              690 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                             March 8, 2016 Tuesday

Florida Man Sentenced to More than 14 Years in Prison for Multimillion-Dollar
Health Care Fraud and Money Laundering Scheme

LENGTH: 501  words


A Land O Lakes, Florida, businessman was sentenced by a judge in federal court
in Tampa today to 174 months in prison for his role in a multimillion-dollar
health care fraud and money laundering scheme.

Assistant Attorney General Leslie R. Caldwell of the Justice Departments
Criminal Division, U.S. Attorney A. Lee Bentley III of the Middle District of
Florida, Special Agent in Charge Shimon R. Richmond of the U.S. Department of
Health and Human Services-Office of Inspector General (HHS-OIG) Miami Regional
Office and Special Agent in Charge Paul Wysopal of the FBIs Tampa Field Office
made the announcement.

In December 2015, a jury in Tampa found David Brock Lovelace, 45, guilty of
conspiracy to commit health care fraud and wire fraud, health care fraud,
conspiracy to commit money laundering, money laundering and aggravated identity
theft.  Judge Steven D. Merryday of the Middle District of Florida imposed
todays sentence and also ordered Lovelace to pay $2,512,460 in restitution.

According to evidence presented at trial, from approximately June 2010 through
approximately May 2014, Lovelace and co-conspirators used Cornerstone Health
Specialists, Summit Health Specialists and Coastal Health Specialists, three
purported medical clinics in Florida, to submit approximately $12,351,046 in
false and fraudulent claims to Medicare seeking reimbursement for radiology,
audiology, cardiology and neurology services.  Medicare paid approximately
$2,848,424 in reimbursement on the fraudulent claims.  Trial evidence also
showed that Lovelace and his co-conspirators paid illegal kickbacks in exchange
for access to Medicare patients and Medicare patient information used in the
fraud scheme, used forged and falsified documents in the Medicare enrollment
process for the medical clinics, and billed Medicare for services that had not
been rendered by physicians.  The conspirators transferred and disbursed
proceeds of the fraudulent Medicare claims among themselves, through shell
companies and via numerous cash withdrawals in an effort to conceal the fraud,
according to evidence at trial.

HHS-OIG and the FBI investigated the case, which was brought as part of the
Medicare Fraud Strike Force, under the supervision of the Criminal Divisions
Fraud Section and U.S. Attorneys Office for the Middle District of Florida.
Senior Trial Attorney Christopher J. Hunter of the Criminal Divisions Fraud
Section is prosecuting the case.

Since its inception in March 2007, the Medicare Fraud Strike Force, now
operating in nine cities across the country, has charged nearly 2,000 defendants
who have collectively billed the Medicare program for more than $6 billion.  In
addition, the HHS Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services, working in
conjunction with the HHS-OIG, are taking steps to increase accountability and
decrease the presence of fraudulent providers.

To learn more about the Health Care Fraud Prevention and Enforcement Team
(HEAT), go to www.stopmedicarefraud.gov. 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              691 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 8, 2016 Monday

Seven Arrested for Multi-State Drug Trafficking and Money Laundering Ring

LENGTH: 759  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Office for the United States Attorneys, District of Idaho has issued the
following news release:



  Seven people were arrested yesterday for conspiracy to distribute controlled
substances, distribution of controlled substances, and conspiracy to engage in
money laundering, U.S. Attorney Wendy J. Olson announced.  The multi-state drug
trafficking ring included Loren Toelle, 51, Steven Wayne Jackson, 30, Sean Lee
Jackson, 27, Robert Lamar Hill, 54, Kristin Rene Wilson, 28, all of Las Vegas,
Nevada.  Also arrested for their involvement in the money laundering conspiracy
were Sherlann Simon, 34, of North Las Vegas, Nevada, and Stanley Toelle, 61, of
Coeur d'Alene, Idaho.  The defendants were indicated by a federal grand jury on
January 20, 2016, in Coeur d'Alene.  An eighth defendant, Jessica Nadine
Frederick, 27, of Liberty Lake, Washington, remains a fugitive.





 The indictment alleges that the organization has generated at least $1.3
million in drug proceeds since 2009.  In addition to a cash proceeds, the
indictment also seeks to forfeit numerous pieces of real property, vehicles, and
bank accounts that were used to facilitate the organizations drug trafficking or
were obtained with the organization's drug proceeds.  Loren Toelle, Steven
Jackson, Sean Jackson, Robert Hill, and Jessica Frederick were also indicted on
separate drug distribution charges relating to controlled purchases of heroin
and/or oxycodone that law enforcement made from the individuals throughout the
investigation.



 On February 4, 2016, in a coordinated effort by state, local and federal law
enforcement 18 search warrants were executed in Idaho, Nevada, and North Dakota.




 The charge of conspiracy to distribute heroin, oxycodone, and methamphetamine
carries a mandatory minimum charge of at least 10 years and not more than life;
a $10,000,000 fine and at least five years of supervised release.  Each charge
of distribution of oxycodone and heroin is punishable by up to twenty years in
prison, a maximum fine of $1 million, and at least three years of supervised
release.  The charge of conspiracy to commit money laundering is punishable by
up to twenty years in prison, a maximum fine of $250,000, and up to three years
of supervised release.



 "Prescription drug abuse, and the addiction to opiates and heroin, is a growing
national problem and a growing Idaho problem," said Olson. "The U.S. Attorney's
Office and its federal, state, and local law enforcement partners are prepared
to vigorously investigate and prosecute those who distribute these dangerous
drugs in our community."



 The charges are the result of a long-term investigation by the FBI North Idaho
Violent Crime Task Force into the family organization that is responsible for
distributing heroin, oxycodone, and methamphetamine in Coeur d'Alene, Idaho,
Spokane, Washington, Las Vegas, Nevada, Missoula, Montana, and various areas of
North Dakota, including Williston, Fargo, and the area in and around the Fort
Berthold Indian Reservation.



 The arrests and indictment are the result of a joint investigation and
cooperative law enforcement efforts of the Organized Crime and Drug Enforcement
Task Force (OCDETF), including the FBI North Idaho Violent Crime Task Force, the
Coeur d'Alene Police Department, the Kootenai County Sheriff's Office, Post
Falls Police Department, Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA), Internal Revenue
Service-Criminal Investigation (IRS-CI), U.S. Marshal Service and Department of
Homeland Security.  Other agencies involved include the Williston, North Dakota
Police Department, Divide County Sheriff's Office K9s, the United States
Attorney's Offices in Las Vegas, Nevada and North Dakota, the FBI in North
Dakota, Williams County Sheriff's Office, U.S. Border Patrol, Williston Police
Department, North Dakota Bureau of Criminal Investigation, Northwest Narcotics
Task Force, the Washington State Patrol, the U.S. Marshal Service in Las Vegas,
IRS-CI in Las Vegas, and the DEA in Las Vegas.



 The OCDETF program is a federal multi-agency, multi-jurisdictional task force
that supplies supplemental federal funding to federal and state agencies
involved in the identification, investigation, and prosecution of major drug
trafficking organizations.



 An indictment is a means of charging a person with criminal activity. It is not
evidence. The person is presumed innocent until proven guilty beyond a
reasonable doubt in a court of law.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              692 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Indian Express

                           February 3, 2016 Wednesday

Bhujbals under scanner, Zika virus outbreak: The biggest stories today;
From the global outbreak of the Zika virus to the money laundering case
involving the Bhujbals in Maharashtra, here are the top stories today

BYLINE: Express Web Desk

LENGTH: 398  words


From the global outbreak of the Zika virus to the money laundering case
involving the Bhujbals in Maharashtra, here are the top stories today

These are the top stories trending today.

Bhujbals under scanner: Rs 870 crore - Yes, that's the loss pegged to the state
exchequer in a money laundering case against former Maharashtra Deputy Chief
Minister Chhagan Bhujbal and his family. A Special Prevention of Money
Laundering Act (PMLA) court has remanded Sameer Bhujbal, nephew of Chhagan
Bhujbal, to Enforcement Directorate custody until February 8.

Zika virus outbreak: A person in Texas in United States has been infected with
the Zika virus through sex, making it the first case in the country. The
unidentified person had not traveled but had sex with a person who had returned
from Venezuela and fallen ill with Zika, Dallas County health officials said.
Zika virus, which has been linked to birth defects in the Americas, is primarily
spread through mosquito bites.

Assam election: In an interview with The Indian Express
(http://indianexpress.com/), Himanta Biswa Sarma, a senior leader who defected
from the Congress (http://indianexpress.com/tag/congress/) to the BJP
(http://indianexpress.com/tag/bjp/), said the situation on the ground is
evolving. He said unlike Rahul Gandhi
(http://indianexpress.com/profile/politician/rahul-gandhi/) who does not show
interest in understanding the complexities on the ground, Amit Shah is a
'hands-on president.'

India hockey captain in trouble: A case of sexual harassment has been filed
against India hockey captain Sardar Singh by an international hockey player of
Indian origin. The woman claimed she has been engaged to Sardar for the past
four years and alleged that he "mentally, physically and emotionally tortured"
her. She also alleged that Sardar forced her to abort their child in 2015
against her wishes and later refused to marry her.

J-K govt crisis: PDP president Mehbooba Mufti set conditions for the BJP, saying
the Centre must initiate J&K-specific; confidence building measures (CBMs) to
"create an atmosphere congenial for formation of the new government". A
government is still not in place after the untimely death of Chief Minister
Mufti Mohammad Sayeed in early January. "I told the Governor that despite
opposition, Mufti Sahib stitched an alliance with the BJP as he had a vision to
take the state out of morass," she said.

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2016 Indian Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved

                              693 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 24, 2017 Tuesday

Six Mission, Texas Residents Plead Guilty to Participating in Drug Trafficking
and Money Laundering Scheme

LENGTH: 468  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office for the United States Attorneys, Western District of Texas
has issued the following news release:



  In San Antonio today, six more individuals pleaded guilty to their roles in a
drug trafficking and money laundering conspiracy occurring in South Texas,
Central Texas and Oklahoma announced United States Attorney Richard L. Durbin,
Jr., Western District of Texas; United States Attorney Kenneth Magidson,
Southern District of Texas; Internal Revenue Service-Criminal Investigation
Special Agent in Charge William Cotter, San Antonio Division; and, Drug
Enforcement Administration Special Agent in Charge Joseph M. Arabit, Houston
Division.









 Appearing before United States District Judge Xavier Rodriguez this afternoon,
the following defendants pleaded guilty to conspiracy to commit money laundering
: 47-year-old Norma Leticia Villarreal-Garcia (*two counts); 36-year-old Iza
Corina Flores-Alanis; 24-year-old Juan Antonio Villarreal; 57-year-old Jose Luis
Villarreal-Arelis (aka "El Cosas"); 47-year-old Nancy Isela Villarreal-Gonzalez;
and, 27-year-old Gilberto Villarreal-Villarreal.







 By pleading guilty, the defendants admittedly conspired since January 2000 to:
(1) engage in financial transactions using proceeds derived from the
importation, receiving, concealment, buying, and/or selling cocaine; and (2),
transport or transmit monetary instruments to locations outside of the United
States in an effort to conceal the source, ownership and control of proceeds
derived from unlawful activity.







 The defendants face up to 20 years in federal prison for the money laundering
conspiracy charge. Sentencing is scheduled for May 24, 2017.







 To date, 12 defendants have entered guilty pleas resulting from this
investigation. Four defendants--45-year-old Reymundo Villarreal-Arelis (aka
"Mundo"); 37-year-old Jesus Jaime Andrade of Mission; 66-year-old Sergio
Guadalupe Adame-Ochoa of McAllen, TX; and, Gilberto Villarreal-Arelis (aka
"Beto", "Betito")--remain under indictment in this case. Gilberto
Villarreal-Arelis remains a fugitive. Jury selection and trial is set for March
13, 2017.







 An indictment is merely a charge and should not be considered as evidence of
guilt. The defendants are presumed innocent until proven guilty in a court of
law.







 This investigation was conducted by the Internal Revenue Service-Criminal
Investigation Waco Treasury Task Force comprised of IRS-CI, Irving Police
Department, Woodway Police Department, Texas Department of Public Safety and the
McLennan County Sheriff's Office together with the Drug Enforcement
Administration's McAllen, San Antonio and Houston field offices and Homeland
Security Investigations.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              694 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                           February 26, 2015 Thursday

Smithfield Resident Pleads Guilty to Money Laundering and Harboring a Fugitive

LENGTH: 589  words


Danish Syed, 19, of Smithfield, Va., pleaded guilty today to conspiracy to
commit money laundering and harboring a fugitive.
Dana J. Boente, U.S. Attorney for the Eastern District of Virginia; Thomas J.
Kelly, Special Agent in Charge of the Internal Revenue Service Criminal
Investigation's Washington, D.C., Field Office; and John S. Adams, Special Agent
in Charge of the FBI's, Norfolk Field Office, made the announcement after the
plea was accepted by U.S. District Judge Raymond A. Jackson.


Danish Syed was indicted by a federal grand jury on December 24, 2014. Syed
faces a maximum penalty of 20 years in prison for conspiracy to commit money
laundering and 10 years in prison for harboring a fugitive. The maximum
statutory sentence is prescribed by Congress and is provided here for
informational purposes, as the sentencing of the defendant will be determined by
the court based on the advisory Sentencing Guidelines and other statutory
factors.
According to the statement of facts filed with his plea agreement, Danish Syed
is the half-brother of Mehdi Syed, who was charged, in March, 2014, with an
account take over and identity theft scheme. As alleged in the indictment,
Mehdi, under the guise of a legitimate company sought to obtain thousands of
dollars from customers of SunTrust Bank by fraudulently transferring funds from
individual accounts to nominee checking accounts established by Mehdi in the
names of aliases and purported business entities. In April, 2014, Mehdi was
located in North Carolina and agreed to surrender to authorities. Mehdi
relocated his family from North Carolina to Smithfield, Virginia; the home of
his mother, his step-father and his half-brother, Danish. After Mehdi failed to
turn himself in, authorities interviewed his family members and they each
claimed they did not know his whereabouts. The next day Mehdi's mother, "NS,"
contacted authorities and admitted they had lied to the FBI and that they did
know Mehdi's location as Danish Syed drove Mehdi to a hotel on the Eastern Shore
of Virginia. Mehdi was arrested and on May 28, 2014 was released on bond and
electronic monitoring. In June, 2014, Mehdi opened several bank accounts with
FirstView in the names of aliases. On July 9, 2014 Mehdi's electronic monitoring
bracelet was located in a wooded area off of Mercury Blvd. in Hampton, Virginia,
and on the same day a warrant was issued for his arrest.
One of the customers whose account was fraudulently accessed was "DS." Beginning
in August, 2014 Mehdi caused "DS's" account to be accessed without his
permission. Through third party payroll services thousands of dollars were
transferred out of "DS's" account and into the FirstView accounts Mehdi had
created while on pre-trial release. FirstView closed several of the accounts
they suspected were opened on suspicion of fraud and the funds were mailed to
the address on record; Danish Syed's home in Smithfield. Thereafter Danish Syed
communicated with Mehdi Syed about the funds. On or about October 14, 2014
through October 16, 2014, Danish Syed deposited the FirstView checks, which
represented fraudulent funds, into an account accessible by Mehdi. From October
15, 2014 through October 30, 2014 Mehdi withdrew nearly all of the funds that
Danish had deposited into the account from ATM machines located in Lahore,
Pakistan.  This case was investigated by IRS-CI and FBI. Assistant U.S.
Attorneys Brian J. Samuels and Kaitlin Gratton are prosecuting the case on
behalf of the United States. 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              695 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      South China Morning Post (Hong Kong)

                                October 1, 1999

US man's detention 'unlawful'

BYLINE: CLIFF BUDDLE

SECTION: Pg. 3

LENGTH: 358 words


An American businessman wanted for alleged money laundering in the US claims he
is being detained unlawfully in Hong Kong as a result of the Chief Executive
abusing his powers.

Robert Henry Cosby, former president of a company called Softpoint Inc, says an
order by Tung Chee-hwa to proceed with his extradition is defective.

In a written application lodged with the High Court, Cosby says the order
wrongly states he is wanted for conspiracy to defraud.

He is seeking to have the order quashed and to be released from Lai Chi Kok
Reception Centre.

A declaration that the Chief Executive "abused the power given to him" under the
Fugitive Offenders Ordinance is also sought.

Cosby says he left the United States on January 12 and has since travelled
extensively to Canada, Europe, the Far East and the Caribbean on business.

He did not know when he began his travels that a grand jury in Reno, Nevada, had
issued a secret indictment on December 2 last year, charging him with money
laundering and another offence relating to the movements of funds belonging to
his company.

In his application, Cosby says the American authorities knew where he was before
he left the US but did not execute the warrant for his arrest.

But Interpol obtained a warrant in Hong Kong on July 15 and he was arrested at
Chek Lap Kok airport two days later as he was about to leave for a short
business trip to the mainland.

The Chief Executive signed an "authority to proceed" with extradition on
September 10 but it wrongly stated Cosby was wanted "in respect of the offence
of conspiracy to defraud".

His lawyers argued when he appeared at Eastern Court last month that the order
was defective. But the magistrate ruled he did not have the power to set it
aside.

"There is no mention in any of the documents delivered by the US Government of
the applicant being wanted for prosecution in respect of the offence of
conspiracy to defraud," says the document lodged with the High Court.

It adds that, under US law, Cosby cannot be charged with an offence different to
those contained in the indictment and warrant of arrest.

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: Newspaper

                  Copyright 1999 South China Morning Post Ltd.

                              696 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Australian

                            November 26, 2010 Friday
                          2 - All-round First Edition

Senior Republican facing life in prison

SECTION: WORLD; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 301  words


AUSTIN, TEXAS: The aggression that made Tom DeLay one of the most powerful
Republican members of the US congress also proved to be his downfall yesterday
when a jury convicted him on two charges that could send him to prison for
decades.

Jurors deliberated for 19 hours before returning guilty verdicts on charges of
money laundering and conspiracy to commit money laundering in a scheme to
illegally funnel corporate money to Texas candidates in 2002.

The former house majority leader faces up to life in prison on the money
laundering charge, although prosecutors had yet to recommend a sentence.

After the verdicts were read, DeLay hugged his daughter Danielle and his wife,
Christine. He whispered into his daughter's ear that he could not get a fair
trial in Austin. DeLay had unsuccessfully tried to get the trial moved out of
Austin, the most liberal city in one of the most Republican states. DeLay's lead
lawyer, Dick DeGuerin, said they planned to appeal.

``This is an abuse of power. It's a miscarriage of justice, and I still maintain
that I am innocent. The criminalisation of politics undermines our very system
and I'm very disappointed in the outcome,'' DeLay said outside court.

He remains free on bond, and several witnesses were expected to be called during
the punishment phase of his trial, which was scheduled to begin on December 20.

Prosecutors said DeLay, who once held the No 2 job in the House of
Representatives and whose tough tactics earned him the nickname ``the Hammer'',
used his political action committee to illegally channel $US190,000 in corporate
donations into 2002 Texas legislative races through a money swap.

DeLay and his lawyers maintained the former Houston-area congressman did nothing
wrong as no corporate funds went to Texas candidates and the money swap was
legal.

LOAD-DATE: November 25, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AUS


                   Copyright 2010 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              697 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Florida Times-Union (Jacksonville)

                          November 16, 2016 Wednesday

Three hospitalized following Tuesday afternoon shooting;
All three are expected to survive shooting incident on Northside

SECTION: Law & Order; Pg. B-2

LENGTH: 560 words


Three people were hospitalized Tuesday afternoon following a shooting near the
7000 block of Bailey Court off Ken Knight Drive, according to the Jacksonville
Sheriff's Office.

Officers were initially called to a report of someone shot on that block about
1:30 p.m., the Sheriff's Office said.

In follow-up calls, officers were sent to a fire station about two miles away on
Lippia Road, where they found one person with gunshot wounds, police said. Two
more people were found with gunshot wounds in the 6000 block of Kinlock Drive.

All three were taken to UF Health Jacksonville but are expected to survive,
according to police.

Garrett Pelican

EX-OFFICER CONVICTED FOR MONEY LAUNDERING

A former officer with the Jacksonville Sheriff's Office faces up to five years
in prison after he was convicted Monday for his role in a money-laundering
scheme, according to the U.S. Attorney's Office.

A federal jury found 48-year-old Michael Rounsville of Callahan guilty of
accessing a law enforcement database without authorization for financial gain
and in furtherance of a money-laundering scheme, the U.S. Attorney's Office
said.

The jury also found 41-year-old Erick Estrada-Lopez of Jacksonville guilty of
conspiracy to commit money laundering. He faces up to 20 years in prison.

Evidence shows an undercover agent who was posing as a drug dealer convinced a
man to launder $200,000 for him, and Estrada-Lopez accepted $42,000 in cash as
part of that operation.

Rounsville ran the name of the undercover agent through an FBI database as well
as the Florida's Driver and Vehicle Information Database at the request of
others involved in the scheme, federal prosecutors said. Both databases are only
accessible by law enforcement officials, and Rounsville reported his findings to
others.

A co-defendant who testified against Rounsville said he delivered an envelope
with an unknown amount of cash to him while the officer was working an off-duty
assignment at a construction site, according to the U.S. Attorney's Office.

Six others previously pleaded guilty for their roles in the scheme.

Rounsville and Estrada-Lopez are scheduled to be sentenced the week of Feb. 27.

Joe Daraskevich

POLICE SEEK MAN IN WESTSIDE SHOOTING

The Jacksonville Sheriff's Office is looking for a 51-year-old man after a
couple was shot during a fight following an argument outside a home in the 6300
block of Tintern Circle on the city's Westside.

William Scott Howell is wanted in connection with the shootings of William
Blong, 55, and his wife, Katherine Blong, 37, who were hospitalized at about
8:30 p.m. Sunday, according to the Sheriff's Office.

Police said Howell got into an argument with one of the shooting victims at his
home. The argument turned physical and then escalated when a gun was pulled.

The victim wrested the gun away and tried to leave with the second victim,
police said. Afterward a second gun was used when the victims were followed
outside and they were wounded.

Howell, described as 6 feet tall and 245 pounds with brown hair and blue eyes,
was last seen leaving home in his gray 2003 Ford F-350 pickup with the Florida
tag W06 4FU, police said.

Anyone with information about Howell's or the vehicle's whereabouts can call the
Sheriff's Office at (904) 630-0500. To remain anonymous and possibly receive a
reward, contact First Coast Crime Stoppers at (866) 845-8477.

Garrett Pelican

LOAD-DATE: December 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo
Mug: Howell

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 The Florida Times-Union

                              698 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    Cape Cod Times (Hyannis, Massachesetts)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             May 30, 2012 Wednesday

Trial of McCowen lawyer begins in Boston

BYLINE: Steve Doane, Cape Cod Times, Hyannis, Mass.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 324 words


May 30--BOSTON -- Opening statements and the first witnesses in the federal
money laundering trial of Robert A. George were presented today in U.S. District
Court in Boston.

George, the defense attorney in the Christa Worthington murder case, was
indicted by a federal grand jury last year on charges of allegedly plotting to
conceal the source of more than $225,000 in illicit drug money.

George was charged with money laundering, conspiring to launder money and
structuring transactions to evade reporting requirements. He faces seven counts
in total, according to the U.S. Department of Justice.

In his opening statement today, Assistant U.S. Attorney Zachary Hafer alleged
that George pulled the strings in money laundering transactions and received 20
percent of all proceeds. George was motiviated by problems with back state and
federal taxes, Hafer said.

George's attorney Robert Goldstein said his client had nothing to do with money
laundering. Rather, Goldstein said, a witness in the trial and former client of
George's, Ronald Dardinski, orchestrated the scheme.

Dardinski was the first witness called today in the trial.

If convicted on each of the money laundering charges, George faces up to 20
years in prison, followed by three years of supervised release and a $500,000
fine, according to the Department of Justice. If convicted on the structuring
transactions charge, George faces up to five years in prison, followed by three
years of supervised release and a $250,000 fine.

A prominent attorney in Boston who has made his reputation defending high
profile cases, George is perhaps best known on the Cape for defending
Christopher McCowen, who was convicted by a Barnstable Superior Court jury in
November 2006 of murdering fashion writer Christa Worthington of Truro in 2002.

___ (c)2012 the Cape Cod Times (Hyannis, Mass.) Visit the Cape Cod Times
(Hyannis, Mass.) at www.capecodonline.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: May 31, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120530-CA-Trial-of-McCowen-lawyer-begins-in-Boston-0530-20120530

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CA


                         Copyright 2012 Cape Code Times

                              699 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                American Banker

                            November 29, 2010 Monday

Precrisis Laundering Regs Return To Spotlight

BYLINE: Heather Landy

SECTION: NATIONAL/GLOBAL; Pg. 1 Vol. 175 No. 182

LENGTH: 804  words


While banks are busy bracing for a host of expensive new reforms prompted by the
financial crisis, they are coming under renewed pressure to comply with a
crucial set of rules that never went away.

A spate of enforcement actions and big penalties this year for violations of
anti-money-laundering rules and Treasury Department sanctions has served as a
stark reminder of the government's compliance priorities, even as bank failures
pile up and credit costs remain elevated.

It is no surprise to experts in the field that the big discoveries of rule
violations have been concentrated in foreign banks such as Barclays Bank PLC and
HSBC Holdings PLC. Non-U.S. institutions may be unaccustomed to the level of
oversight that their domestic rivals have lived with under the Bank Secrecy Act,
which was adopted in 1970 and amended in 2001 following the passage of the
Patriot Act. Foreign banks also may have underestimated the degree to which even
a small U.S. presence could become a source of risk.

But domestic banks have been challenged, too, to keep up their vigilance while
management focus and budgets are stretched thin by the financial crisis.

Some domestic institutions may be tempted to become complacent, content to rely
on systems that heretofore have been adequate and not looking around corners as
much as they might have otherwise.

"Regulators have come back in, and they're finding deficiencies," said Michael
Zeldin, head of the global anti-money-laundering and trade sanctions practice at
Deloitte LLP and a former chief of the Justice Department's money-laundering and
asset-forfeiture offices.

"Financial institutions that may have taken their foot off the gas in the
anti-money-laundering area are now going to have to deal with the consequences
of that."

And the consequences can be hefty.

In October, a U.S. subsidiary of HSBC was ordered by the comptroller of the
currency to adopt a long list of procedures to comply with rules on cross-border
transactions.

Barclays, Credit Suisse AG and the former ABN Amro NV were fined a combined $1.3
billion in the past 12 months, stemming from investigations into transactions
conducted for clients from Iran, Sudan and other sanctioned countries.

Wells Fargo & Co.'s Wachovia Bank in March paid $160 million to settle charges
of rule violations that allegedly helped Mexican drug cartels launder money.

The success that law enforcement agencies have had with money-laundering
investigations has emboldened prosecutors to pursue more cases in an area that
historically had been left in the hands of bank regulators.

"I used to be a federal prosecutor, and it was so difficult trying to get
prosecutors to investigate money-laundering crimes," said Peter Djinis, a lawyer
in Sarasota, Fla., who specializes in matters related to anti-money-laundering
rules and the BSA. "It's different now. The federal prosecutors are paying a lot
more attention ... [and] they have not hesitated to bring criminal charges
against banks they view as having defective programs" for monitoring accounts.

Regulators, too, are focusing on money-laundering issues with renewed vigor.

Though examiners trained in anti-money-laundering issues never abandoned their
posts, the entire orientation of the regulatory community was no doubt geared
toward financial stability matters during the height of the financial crisis.

As then-Comptroller John Dugan told his agency's compliance supervisors in July
2008, "when risk increases in one area, we do change our emphasis and shift more
of our resources to address the heightened risk. That's what we did when the BSA
compliance risk increased, and that's what we will do as safety and soundness
risk continues to rise."

But in the same speech, Dugan signaled that compliance supervision would remain
a priority regardless of the broader financial environment. Comptroller's Office
spokesman Kevin Mukri said that the agency has approached BSA and anti-money-
laundering exams with "a consistent application," and as Promontory Financial
Group's Michael Dawson pointed out, examiners in this area of compliance "are
not exactly fungible resources" that would be plucked suddenly from their milieu
to focus on credit risks, fair lending or any other specialty.

Rather, it is the examiners' continuing experience with anti-money-laundering
matters that may be accounting for some of the renewed focus on the issue, said
Dawson, a former Treasury official who specializes in compliance risk management
consulting at Promontory. "We've entered a second generation of anti-money-
laundering risk management, characterized by more, and more sophisticated,
regulatory and law enforcement stakeholders." In the decade since the Patriot
Act was passed, examiners have been exposed "to a range of best practices, which
helps them identify weaknesses in any one program."

URL: http://www.americanbanker.com/

LOAD-DATE: November 24, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AB


                        Copyright 2010 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              700 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Journal Record (Oklahoma City, OK)

                          November 17, 2010 Wednesday

The Journal Record Legal Briefs: November 17, 2010

BYLINE: Journal Record Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 880  words


Owner of electronics company convicted of mail fraud, money laundering A jury in
Oklahoma City found Mehran Koranki of Yukon guilty of defrauding Nortel Networks
by submitting bogus warranty claims for computer networking equipment, according
to Sanford C. Coats, U.S. attorney for the Western District of Oklahoma. Koranki
owned and controlled two Oklahoma City companies in the business of maintaining,
repairing, and selling computer networking components - SMC Electronics and
Allied Solutions Technical Center. Both companies had extended warranty
agreements with Nortel Networks that allowed businesses with Nortel computer
systems to receive replacements for broken or defective parts. The agreements
required the businesses to use replacement parts in their own Nortel systems and
not to sell replacement parts to third parties.

Evidence at trial showed that from February 2005 until March 2006, SMC used its
extended warranty agreement with Nortel to obtain hundreds of thousands of
dollars worth of computer networking equipment, according to the U.S. attorney's
office. During 2005 and the first three months of 2006, SMC fraudulently claimed
that it needed replacements for more than 850 computer parts under its warranty
agreement. The evidence also showed that SMC did not even use a Nortel computer
network. With Koranki's knowledge and encouragement, SMC then sold the parts for
a profit. After Nortel refused to send more parts to SMC, Koranki used his other
company, ASTC, to ask for even more replacement parts under a separate extended
warranty agreement registered under an employee's home address and a fake name.
A grand jury indicted Koranki in February on mail fraud and money laundering
charges. The mail fraud counts were based on Federal Express shipments of
replacement parts from Nortel's warehouse in Memphis, Tenn., to SMC's offices in
Oklahoma City. The money laundering counts related to SMC's deposits of more
than $10,000 from computer companies that purchased Nortel replacement parts
that SMC had obtained fraudulently. The jury heard four days of testimony and
deliberated for seven hours before finding Koranki guilty of all 48 counts of
mail fraud and two counts of money laundering. At sentencing, Koranki faces up
to 20 years in prison, a fine of $250,000, and mandatory restitution on each of
the mail fraud counts. He also faces up to 10 years in prison and a fine of
$250,000 on each of the money-laundering counts. In addition, Koranki will be
required to forfeit the proceeds of the fraudulent scheme, which according to
the indictment exceed $6.2 million. Sentencing will take place in about 90 days.

President of oil company pleads guilty to bank fraud Burt L. Hall, 50, of
Maysville, pleaded guilty to defrauding banks through a check kiting scheme,
according to Sanford C. Coats, U.S. attorney for the Western District of
Oklahoma. Hall has been the president of Steve Hall Oil Co. for 10 years. On
Oct. 14, the U.S. attorney's office filed a one-count information charging Hall
with defrauding American Exchange Bank and Legacy Bank, both of which are
insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. Hall controlled an account of
Steve Hall Oil Co. at American Exchange Bank in Lindsay and an account of B&D
Cattle Co. at Legacy Bank in Newcastle. According to the U.S. attorney's office,
from around the beginning of 2006 until Feb. 2, 2009, he wrote checks between
these accounts when he knew that the accounts did not have sufficient funds to
cover the checks. The check kite artificially inflated the balances in the
accounts and allowed Hall to use the banks' money without their authorization.
Hall pleaded guilty Tuesday to the information pursuant to a plea agreement. He
admitted that beginning in 2006, he was writing insufficient checks between
accounts on a daily basis. He also admitted that the check kite involved an
account at Pauls Valley National Bank, which was able to prevent its own losses
after the fraud came to light. At sentencing, Hall faces a maximum potential
penalty of 30 years in prison, a fine of up to $1 million and restitution to the
victim banks. As part of his plea agreement, he has agreed to pay restitution to
American Exchange Bank and Legacy Bank in the total amount of $2.8 million.

Speaker to address small towns and prisons Matthew Engel will lecture on
"Perceived Social Impacts of Correctional Facilities on Small Towns" at 2 p.m.
Friday at the University of Central Oklahoma Liberal Arts Building in Edmond.
Engel will discuss conclusions from his work on the social and economic effect
of prisons on small towns in the Great Plains and Midwest. "Prisons offer one
option for investment and high-paying jobs," said Douglas Hurt, associate
professor of geography at UCO. "At the same time, new prisons have
quality-of-life drawbacks that some small towns wish to avoid. Overall, Engel
argues that most people welcome prisons, due in part to a guaranteed job base
and anticipated economic multiplier effect in their small towns. " Engel's
current work focuses on assessing the location and perceived impacts of
correctional facilities. The lecture is sponsored by UCO's Department of History
and Geography, and the geography student organization. The free event is open to
the public.

LOAD-DATE: November 24, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved

                              701 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             August 17, 2001 Friday
                              Late Edition - Final

3 Caught in a Sting Are Charged With Laundering $8 Million in Drug Money

BYLINE:  By KATHERINE E. FINKELSTEIN

SECTION: Section B; Column 1; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 486 words


A brokerage house in the World Trade Center had earned a reputation for handling
illicit transactions in a very businesslike manner. It would wire money to
businesses and banks around the world, without generating receipts or filing
transaction reports, as required by law.

The only problem was that the money-laundering operation was staffed by some
very legitimate people: undercover officers working for Manhattan prosecutors
and the Police Department with help from the Internal Revenue Service, the
Securities and Exchange Commission and other agencies.

Yesterday, as a result of the sting operation, officials announced the
indictment of a mother and her two sons on charges of laundering $8 million in
drug money through the phony brokerage house.

The Manhattan district attorney, Robert M. Morgenthau, said yesterday that
officials still expected to charge many more. The mother and sons, Luz Mariana
Gomez Alzate, Andres Botero and Hernan Dario Botero, face 25 years in prison
under a new state money-laundering statute that made the operation worthwhile,
Mr. Morgenthau said.

Ms. Alzate, who officials said directed her sons to pick up 40 different bundles
of cash from people at subway stations, cars and other sites throughout
Manhattan and the other boroughs and bring them to the brokerage office, was
arrested on Aug. 7 as she arrived in Madrid on a flight from Colombia.

Her sons were arrested the same day at their apartment in Woodside, Queens.

The sting operation, conceived by Ronald Rose, a retired lieutenant who was an
organized-crime investigator for the Police Department, involved 10 government
agencies. The busy, sophisticated and seemingly well-connected brokerage house,
which the authorities declined to name, is staffed entirely by detectives and
opened in May 1999 at the World Trade Center.

Word quickly spread on the street that the brokers there would take cash from
illicit transactions and wire it around the world without generating a paper
trail.

"We didn't advertise," Mr. Rose said. "They came to us."

Prosecutors said that the defendants were among the brokerage house's clients.
And as Mr. Morgenthau said yesterday, "We watched as this family used ruses
straight out of the movies to get the money from the hands of the drug dealers
to the undercover offices for it to be cleansed and redistributed."

Investigators watched the Botero brothers as they retrieved the cash from
individuals, cars and subway stations, officials said. Then they took it to the
brokerage house, carrying it in packets, duffel bags and shopping bags from
upscale stores, officials said, in amounts ranging from $30,000 to $400,000.

Under the direction of the mother, known as Patricia Alzate, the brokers wired
the money to more than 100 banks in the United States, Europe, South America and
Asia into the accounts of jewelry businesses, investment and insurance companies
and airlines, officials said.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2001 The New York Times Company

                              702 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                    December 28, 1997, Sunday, ALL EDITIONS

Gambler's VIRTUAL paradise;
U.S. frets about potential to launder money;
Antigua gambling overseer calls it 'a serious concern'

BYLINE: Mike Fish; STAFF WRITER

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 08E

LENGTH: 456 words


It's not the risk to customers of getting ripped off. Or the dangers faced by
addicted gamblers as they stare into a computer screen. The biggest concern for
U.S. authorities over Internet gambling sites that originate on Caribbean
islands and are set up through confidential offshore banking ventures is the
potential for laundering money.

"It is my sense that there is nobody today in the world that has yet enacted a
regulatory process that guards against the dangers of money laundering" in
Internet gambling, said Peter Djinis, associate director of the Treasury
Department's Financial Crimes Enforcement Network (FinCEN).

FinCEN has carefully tailored rules used to police monetary transactions within
the traditional casino industry of Las Vegas and Atlantic City. Because Internet
gambling is in its infancy and operates outside U.S. borders, however, Djinis
believes the potential exists to hide money or profits gained illegally in the
offshore gambling accounts on Antigua and neighboring islands.

Djinis questions whether the regulatory bodies put the gambling operators
through comprehensive enough background checks, noting it can cost Nevada
hundreds of thousands of dollars to research a Vegas operation. Or if they pay
attention to the identity of their customers. Or if they have the systems to
recognize whether a customer is gambling or simply using his account to move
money.

"Because a casino provides an array of financial services, they're just as
vulnerable to money-laundering activity as a bank would be,'' Djinis said. "Some
of the Internet outfits are specifically encouraging activity drawn against
credit cards. They'll accept Western Union and other wire transfer payments. So
while it sounds like just a person at a (computer) and a virtual casino, there
is still potential for conducting financial activity, which may or may not be
related to gaming."

In Antigua, money laundering is a crime. And officials there say if the U.S.
wants to pass along a tip about criminal activity, bring it on. The government
last year closed down six Russian banks that had offshore accounts after being
alerted by the U.S. State Department that the banks were suspected of laundering
profits from arms sales, drug trafficking, extortion and prostitution.

"It's a serious concern," acknowledged Gyneth McAllister, who oversees the
gambling industry in Antigua. "How one launders money is through placing
fraudulent or bogus bets, creating players who don't exist. So if there's
unnatural action, that's what we're looking for.

"Ultimately, we've been told there is no way we will be able to regulate 100
percent, that we must set priorities. The priority is to ensure that the player
is protected."

LOAD-DATE: December 29, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1997 The Atlanta Constitution

                              703 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 15, 2015 Thursday

Ohio: Cleveland man indicted for money laundering

LENGTH: 325 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Columbus: Department of Justice has issued the following news release:



  A Cleveland man was indicted on three counts of money laundering for accepting
$20,000 in drug proceeds, said Steven M. Dettelbach, U.S. Attorney for the
Northern District of Ohio.





 Matthew J. King, 44, accepted $20,000 in cash and then wrote two checks
totaling $4,000 in early 2014. The funds were provided for the purpose of money
laundering that had been represented to King were the proceeds of the
distribution of controlled substances, according to the indictment.



 This case is being prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorney Michelle Baeppler
following an investigation by the Northern Ohio Law Enforcement Task Force. The
NOLETF is a task force comprised of investigators from the Federal Bureau of
Investigation, Cleveland Division of Police, Cuyahoga Metropolitan Housing
Authority, Drug Enforcement Administration, Internal Revenue Service, Cuyahoga
County Sheriff's Office, Ohio Bureau of Criminal Investigation and the police
departments of Cleveland Heights, Euclid, Lakewood, the Regional Transit
Authority, Westlake and Shaker Heights. The NOLETF is also one of the initial
Ohio High Intensity Drug Trafficking Area initiatives, which supports and helps
coordinate numerous Ohio drug task forces in their efforts to eliminate or
reduce drug trafficking in Ohio.



 If convicted, the defendants' sentences will be determined by the court after a
review of the federal sentencing guidelines and factors unique to the case,
including the defendant's prior criminal record (if any), the defendant's role
in the offense and the characteristics of the violation.



 An indictment is only a charge and is not evidence of guilt. A defendant is
entitled to a fair trial in which it will be the government's burden to prove
guilt beyond a reasonable doubt.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              704 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Monitor (McAllen, Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              May 12, 2014 Monday

Ex-constable candidate Bobby Maldonado pleads guilty to money laundering

BYLINE: Ildefonso Ortiz, The Monitor, McAllen, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 401 words


May 12--MCALLEN -- Former lawman and Hidalgo County constable candidate Robert
"Bobby" Maldonado pleaded guilty Monday morning to money laundering charges.

Maldonado initially was arrested in Victoria in February 2012, when a state
trooper pulled him over along U.S. Highway 59 and a police dog led the trooper
to the trunk of his Chrysler sedan. Inside, authorities found and seized
$1,068,000 in cash bundles. Soon after his arrest, federal agents raided his
lakeside mansion north of Mercedes. At the home authorities found various exotic
animals, including bison, kangaroos and snakes.

After the 2012 arrest, Maldonado had been free on bond until late last year. But
when the case went federal, authorities arrested him in early November on the
new charges. He was expected to go to trial next week before U.S. District Court
Judge Randy Crane, but late Friday, Maldonado's case was set for re-arraignment
Monday morning.

During Monday's hearing, Crane accepted Maldonado's guilty plea and set his
sentencing hearing for July 21, at which time he could face a prison term of up
to 20 years and a $500,000 fine, the U.S. Attorney's Office said in a prepared
statement.

Maldonado was the target of a lengthy federal investigation for his alleged
dealings with a Mexican drug cartel, from which some of the money was funneled
into his unsuccessful bid for constable and into other pachangas, according to
Monitor archives.

Maldonado had transported drug money from Detroit, Chicago, Birmingham and other
northern cities to the Rio Grande Valley for at least 12 years, taking a
percentage of the funds transported, according to court records.

Federal agents had followed Maldonado to South Carolina, where he was suspected
of picking up the money, but they lost track of him near Houston, according to
Monitor archives. The agents asked for help from other agencies, leading to the
traffic stop.

Maldonado was terminated from the Texas Department of Public Safety in 1994
after allegations that he pointed a handgun at a man who was with his estranged
wife. The charges were later dismissed and his peace officer's license was not
suspended.

Maldonado worked at the Hidalgo County Sheriff's Office for several years as a
narcotics investigator and left in 2007.

iortiz@themonitor.com

___ (c)2014 The Monitor (McAllen, Texas) Visit The Monitor (McAllen, Texas) at
www.themonitor.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20140512-MC-Ex-constable-candidate-Bobby-Maldonado-pleads-guilty-to-money-
laundering-0512-20140512

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MC


                           Copyright 2014 The Monitor

                              705 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                           January 12, 2006 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Drug, terror rings find new ways to launder money;
Report: Prepaid ATM cards, Internet help move cash out of USA

BYLINE: Donna Leinwand

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5A

LENGTH: 537 words


WASHINGTON -- Drug traffickers and suspected terrorists are using prepaid ATM
cards and Internet-based payment systems to help launder billions of dollars
each year, the Treasury Department reported Wednesday in what it called the
first government-wide analysis of money laundering in the USA.

The analysis described security weaknesses throughout the U.S. financial system
that enable criminals to hide illicitly obtained money, and to sneak it out of
the country. The report, which included contributions from 16 federal agencies,
will be used to help officials devise a national strategy to fight money
laundering, Treasury Undersecretary Stuart Levey said.

Smuggling cash in bulk remains criminals' favorite method for moving money out
of the USA, said Marcy Foreman, investigations director for U.S. Immigration and
Customs Enforcement. The report also detailed a dozen other money-laundering
methods used by criminals, including what it called the increasingly prevalent
use of prepaid cash cards that can be purchased anonymously at retail and
check-cashing stores across the nation.

Such cards are designed to make things easier for students, immigrants and
others among the estimated 75 million people in the USA who do not have bank
accounts, the report said. Those buying the cards can have a certain value
recorded on them, and then the cardholders can use the cards to withdraw the
money from automated teller machines around the world.

However, the cards also allow foreign drug traffickers to move money to their
home countries without having to sneak bundles of cash past Customs agents -- or
use bank accounts that leave paper trails, the report said. It noted that
companies that issue cash cards outside the USA do not have to comply with U.S.
anti-money-laundering laws, but that such cards can be used at ATMs in this
country.

"The volume of dirty money circulating through the United States is vast, and
criminals are enjoying new advantages with globalization," the report said.

Levey said it's unclear how much money in the USA is made from criminal
enterprises. The White House Office of National Drug Control Policy estimates
sales of illicit drugs in the USA produce $65 billion a year for traffickers.
The United Nations estimates illicit drug revenue in the USA, Canada and Mexico
to be $142 billion a year.

"The key to ending drug trafficking is to wipe out the money side," Drug
Enforcement Administration chief Karen Tandy said. The DEA seized $2 billion in
2005, up from $500 million in 2003, she said.

Recent arrests by U.S. agents reflect the complexity of some schemes. Last week,
Mohummed Islam Uddin, 39, of Hamtramck, Mich., pleaded guilty to running an
unlicensed money-services business that sent $3 million to Bangladesh with
little or no documentation of the transactions.

Uddin used U.S. currency from local people who wanted money transferred to
Bangladesh. He then would buy prepaid phone cards, an ICE report said. The cards
then were resold in Bangladesh for local currency by a merchant who distributed
the proceeds to the intended recipients of the money transfers, ICE said. The
scheme allowed Uddin to avoid paying transfer fees and to convert U.S. dollars
to Bangladeshi currency.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, B/W, Adrienne Lewis, USA TODAY, Source: Treasury Dept. (Bar
graph)
PHOTO, B/W, USA TODAY

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2006 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              706 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                    August 26, 1999, Thursday, Metro Edition

BUSINESS IN BRIEF

BYLINE: Staff reports and news services

SOURCE: Constitution

SECTION: Business; Pg. 3G

LENGTH: 370 words

ATLANTA: Paragon files reorganization plan
Paragon Trade Brands Inc. filed a plan of reorganization with the Bankruptcy
Court for the Northern District of Georgia. The plan is an alternative to the
proposal made by the private investment company Wellspring Capital Management
LLC to acquire Norcross-based Paragon, a diaper maker whose shares are traded on
the over-the-counter Bulletin Board. Paragon rejected an earlier Wellspring
offer but said it is still in talks with the company. Paragon said its
reorganization plan calls for the company to cancel its current equity and
distribute notes and new common shares to unsecured creditors. If shareholders
approve Paragon's plan, they will get a combination of warrants and new shares,
plus a portion of proceeds, if any, of claims assigned to a litigation trust.


NATION: Bank's role in laundering of money questioned
The chairman of the House Banking Committee said Wednesday that Congress must
investigate whether the Bank of New York was duped or willingly aided an alleged
money-laundering scheme that federal investigators say involves the Russian mob.
In Moscow, Russia's finance minister denied his government was linked to the
multibillion-dollar scheme, which has been described as potentially one of the
biggest occurrences of money-laundering ever uncovered in the United States.

PEOPLE: Exide's new hire expected to cut debt
Exide Corp. named Federal-Mogul Corp. executive Alan Johnson president and chief
operating officer as it works to cut debt and shed less profitable units.
Johnson, 51, was most recently executive vice president of Federal- Mogul's
powertrain systems division, a unit with $ 3 billion in annual sales and more
than 20,000 employees. Exide hired its chairman and chief executive, Robert
Lutz, from Chrysler in November to reorganize a company that faced shareholder
lawsuits, the departure of managers including former Chief Executive Arthur
Hawkins and a Florida inquiry into alleged illegal sales practices. Exide agreed
in May to pay $ 2.75 million to end Florida's inquiry.  Johnson started with
Federal-Mogul in 1969, and his jobs included vice president and general manager
of its oil seals operations.

LOAD-DATE: August 26, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1999 The Atlanta Constitution

                              707 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              February 11, 1986, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition

5 HELD IN SCHEME FOR LAUNDERING MILLIONS OF DOLLARS IN DRUG PROFITS

BYLINE: By JUDITH CUMMINGS, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section A; Page 16, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 738 words

DATELINE: LOS ANGELES, Feb. 10


Government agents have arrested five people suspected of involvement in
laundering money in connection with a multimillion-dollar drug trade centered in
Los Angeles and Miami, Federal prosecutors said today.

According to Robert C. Bonner, the United States Attorney in Los Angeles, and
Leon B. Kellner, the United States Attorney in Miami, Federal agents since last
September have seized 254 pounds of cocaine and $11.6 million in cash in
connection with the case. Mr. Bonner said the cash was the largest amount ever
seized ''in a single coordinated drug case.''

The five men include three Venezuelan nationals arrested in Miami Friday,
another Venezuelan arrested in Los Angeles the same day and a fifth man,
described as a Uruguayan, who was picked up in New York City.

They have been charged with conspiracy in connection with violations of Federal
laws on currency reporting and disguising the sources of money.

Agents Posed as Intermediaries

Prosecutors described the operation as a ''nationwide money-laundering
service,'' saying the suspects tried to manipulate deposits of currency and
electronic transfers of money for ''major narcotics traffickers'' dealing in
large quantities of cocaine mainly in Florida and California.

In the investigation Federal undercover agents, working secretly with two
commercial banks, one in Los Angeles and the other in Miami, posed as American
intermediaries having connections with American bankers they said were willing
to violate currency reporting requirements, according to documents filed in the
case.

From the financial institutions that cooperated in the case, the money was
transferred to bank accounts in Panama as well as to banks in Miami and New
York, the documents say.

The documents say that the suspects made payments to the undercover agents to
prevent reports of large currency transactions from being filed. But, according
to the documents, the cooperating American institutions filed reports on the
cash deposits.

One Transaction Was $1 Million

Financial institutions are required by law to report any cash transaction of
$10,000 or more to the Treasury Department. The transactions intercepted by the
undercover agents ranged from $103,350 to more than $1 million in a single
transaction, the Government said.

Since last September, 23 such currency transactions were conducted through the
cooperating bank in California alone, the documents said.

Those arrested were identified as Carlos Sarmiento-Arechederra and Roberto del
Pino Sousa, who were arrested in Miami and who the investigators say headed the
nationwide operation; Oswaldo Vera, also arrested in Miami; Enrique Fernandez,
arrested in Los Angeles, and Luis Morales, the man arrested in New York. The
latter three are described as employees or couriers.

The case was handled as a joint project by the United States Customs Service,
the Internal Revenue Service and Federal prosecutors in Miami and Los Angeles.

Foreign Traffickers Got Profits

According to an affidavit by Lorraine Brown, a special agent with the Customs
Service, the Sarmiento organization ''moves millions of dollars in United States
currency outside the country for the purpose of moving drug profits back into
the hands of drug traffickers outside the United States.''

She said Mr. Sarmiento and his collaborator, Mr. del Pino, operating from both
Venezuela and Colombia, had employed Mr. Vera and Mr. Fernandez as their
representatives in Los Angeles to receive from Los Angeles drug traffickers the
cash that was to be laundered.

Miss Brown's affidavit said meetings were held at restaurants, parking lots,
street corners and private apartments in Los Angeles and in Orange County, where
transfers were made using canvas bags, cardboard cartons and at times the
switching of vehicles.

She described it as a sophisticated operation, in which the ring's couriers used
portable beeper devices to maintain contact with each other.

A Customs Service special agent, Awilda Villafane of Miami, an undercover agent
in the case, reported that Mr. Sarmiento offered undercover agents commissions
of from 1.5 percent to 2.5 percent of cash transactions for help in
circumventing reporting laws.

He said the suspects kept financial records coded with ''computer numerals'' to
disguise the identities of clients and associates.

The financial institutions that cooperated in the case were not identified.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company

                              708 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 28, 2016 Friday

Canton Man Sentenced for Money Laundering

LENGTH: 277 words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office for the United States Attorneys, District of South Dakota
has issued the following news release:



  United States Attorney Randolph J. Seiler announced that a Canton, South
Dakota, man convicted of money laundering was sentenced on October 24, 2016, by
U.S. District Judge Karen E. Schreier.





 Kenneth Hunsucker, age 51, was sentenced to 24 months in custody.



 He was indicted on the charges of Interstate Transportation of Stolen Property,
Wire Fraud, and Money Laundering by a federal grand jury on December 2, 2014.
He pled guilty to Money Laundering on July 25, 2016.



 Hunsucker opened "Canton PC Repair" in the spring of 2013.  Two months later he
began using the "Canton PC Repair" business name to sell stolen merchandise on
eBay.  Hunsucker paid individuals for items he knew were stolen and also
provided them with a list of items he would like to purchase. Many of the items
he sold were stolen from merchants in the Sioux Falls area.  He then sold the
stolen merchandise on eBay and collected the proceeds through four different
PayPal accounts.  In the 16 months from May 2013 until September 2014, Hunsucker
received nearly $120,000 from the sale of stolen merchandise.



 This case was investigated by the South Dakota Division of Criminal
Investigation, Lincoln County Sheriff's Office, Federal Bureau of Investigation,
and the Internal Revenue Service.  Assistant U.S. Attorney Jeffrey C. Clapper
prosecuted the case.



 Hunsucker will self-report to the custody of the U.S. Marshals Service at a
later date.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              709 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                The Independent

                            April 12 1989, Wednesday

Credit Suisse rapped over role in Lebanese money laundering

BYLINE: From FRANCES WILLIAMS in Geneva

LENGTH: 429 words


CREDIT SUISSE, Switzerland's third-largest bank, has been rapped over the
knuckles by the Federal Banking Commission, the official supervisory body, for
its role in a dollars 1bn money-laundering scandal, dubbed the 'Lebanese
Connection'. But the commission has stopped short of accusations of impropriety.

In a report published yesterday, the commission says that between 1985 and 1988
two Lebanese brothers, Jean and Barkev Magharian, deposited 1.4bn Swiss francs (
pounds 509m) cash in their Credit Suisse accounts.


As early as 1986 the bank's internal auditing service warned that the Magharian
brothers' activities 'risked badly tarnishing' the bank's operations and
recommended an investigation to see whether the funds could have been derived
from crime.

The commission says the Credit Suisse management interpreted this report in the
narrowest fashion to confirm that the bank had not breached the letter of the
'Diligence Convention' or gentleman's agreement.

This requires the banks to establish the ownership of funds deposited with them
and to turn away money they believe to be the proceeds of crime.

Though formally correct, the management's decision scarcely represented a
credible solution to the problem, the commission report says.

The brothers were arrested last November in the Italian-speaking Swiss canton of
Ticino, on suspicion of masterminding a drugs money laundering operation through
Swiss banks and currency trading companies.

They have not yet been charged in Switzerland, but last month they were indicted
by courts in California and New York on laundering and drugs charges and formal
extradition proceedings are pending.

The scandal has already forced the resignation of Elisabeth Kopp, the Swiss
Justice Minister, and the early retirement of the Federal Public Prosecutor,
Rudolf Gerber.

Money-laundering is not yet a crime in Switzerland, but a new law is being
drafted. The chairman of the Federal Banking Commission, Dr Hermann Bodenmann,
said yesterday that this law would punish 'ordinary cases' of negligence by the
banks, which the banks have fought long and hard, but apparently unsuccessfully,
to prevent. The law will not, however, be retrospective.

The commission report adds that, in the absence of tougher internal controls by
the banks, it proposes to issue a directive governing their cash operations, now
conducted 'at a very low level of responsibility'. New directives will also aim
to strengthen the role of the banks' internal auditing services.

Business and City Page 23

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1989 Independent Print Ltd

                              710 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                            April 1, 2015 Wednesday

Former Federal Agents Charged with Bitcoin Mo Ney Laundering and Wire Fraud

LENGTH: 792  words


Two former federal agents have been charged with wire fraud, money laundering
and related offenses for stealing digital currency during their investigation of
the Silk Road, an underground black market that allowed users to conduct illegal
transactions over the Internet. The charges are contained in a federal criminal
complaint issued on March 25, 2015, in the Northern District of California and
unsealed today.


Assistant Attorney General Leslie R. Caldwell of the Justice Department's
Criminal Division, U.S. Attorney Melinda Haag of the Northern District of
California, Special Agent in Charge David J. Johnson of the FBI's San Francisco
Division, Special Agent in Charge José M. Martinez of the Internal Revenue
Service-Criminal Investigation's (IRS-CI) San Francisco Division, Special Agent
in Charge Michael P. Tompkins of the Justice Department's Office of the
Inspector General Washington Field Office and Special Agent in Charge Lori
Hazenstab of the Department of Homeland Security's Office of the Inspector
General in Washington D.C. made the announcement.
Carl M. Force, 46, of Baltimore, was a Special Agent with the Drug Enforcement
Administration (DEA), and Shaun W. Bridges, 32, of Laurel, Maryland, was a
Special Agent with the U.S. Secret Service (USSS). Both were assigned to the
Baltimore Silk Road Task Force, which investigated illegal activity in the Silk
Road marketplace. Force served as an undercover agent and was tasked with
establishing communications with a target of the investigation, Ross Ulbricht,
aka "D
read Pirate Roberts." Force is charged with wire fraud, theft of government
property, money laundering and conflict of interest. Bridges is charged with
wire fraud and money laundering.
According to the complaint, Force was a DEA agent assigned to investigate the
Silk Road marketplace. During the investigation, Force engaged in certain
authorized undercover operations by, among other things, communicating online
with "Dread Pirate Roberts" (Ulbricht), the target of his investigation. The
complaint alleges, however, that Force then, without authority, developed
additional online personas and engaged in a broad range of illegal activities
calculated to bring him personal financial gain. In doing so, the complaint
alleges, Force used fake online personas, and engaged in complex Bitcoin
transactions to steal from the government and the targets of the investigation.
Specifically, Force allegedly solicited and received digital currency as part of
the investigation, but failed to report his receipt of the funds, and instead
transferred the currency to his personal account. In one such transaction, Force
allegedly sold information about the government's investigation to the target of
the investigation. The complaint also alleges that Force invested in and worked
for a digital currency exchange company while still working for the DEA, and
that he directed the company to freeze a customer's account with no legal basis
to do so, then transferred the customer's funds to his personal account.
Further, Force allegedly sent an unauthorized Justice Department subpoena to an
online payment service directing that it unfreeze  his personal account.
Bridges allegedly diverted to his personal account over $800,000 in digital
currency that he gained control of during the Silk Road investigation. The
complaint alleges that Bridges placed the assets into an account at Mt. Gox, the
now-defunct digital currency exchange in Japan. He then allegedly wired funds
into one of his personal investment accounts in the United States mere days
before he sought a $2.1 million seizure warrant for Mt. Gox's accounts. Bridges
self-surrendered today and will appe ar before Magistrate Judge Maria-Elena
James of the Northern District of California at 9:30 a.m. PST this morning.
Force was arrested on Friday, March 27, 2015, in Baltimore and will a ppear
before Magistrate Judge Timothy J. Sullivan of the District of Maryland at 2:30
p.m. EST today.
The charges contained in the complaint are merely accusations, and the
defendants are presumed innocent unless and until proven guilty.
The case was investigated by the FBI's San Francisco Division, the IRS-CI's San
Francisco Division, the Department of Justi ce Office of the Inspect or General
and the Department of Homeland Security Office of th e Inspector General in
Washington D.C. The Treasury Department's Financial Crimes Enforcement Network
also provided assistance with the investigation of this case. The case is being
prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorneys Kathryn Haun and William Frentzen of the
Northern District of California and Trial Attorney Richard B. Evans of the
Criminal Division's Public Integrity Section. 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              711 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The Financial Express (Bangladesh)

                           February 26, 2015 Thursday

Citigroup unit probed over money laundering

LENGTH: 336 words

DATELINE: Bangladesh


Bangladesh, Feb. 26 -- Citigroup Inc said additional government authorities have
started probes of possible breaches of anti-money laundering laws at its Banamex
USA unit, an international news agency reported.

The Financial Crimes Enforcement Network, a unit of the U.S. Treasury, and the
California Department of Business Oversight have asked the company for
information on its compliance with the Bank Secrecy Act and anti-money
laundering rules, Citigroup disclosed in an annual filing with the US Securities
and Exchange Commission on Wednesday.

The disclosure comes one year after Citigroup revealed a criminal probe by a
federal grand jury in Massachusetts and inquiries from the US Federal Deposit
Insurance Corp into the matter.

Citigroup said it is cooperating with the investigations.

Banamex USA is an affiliate of Mexico City-based Banamex, which Citigroup bought
in 2001 and which operates a few branches in the United States.

The filing on Wednesday also showed that Citigroup has reduced its estimate of
possible unreserved legal costs to $4 billion from $5 billion at the end of
September. Citigroup said in January it was recording $2.9 billion in expenses
in the fourth quarter to bolster its legal reserves.

Banamex is the second-largest bank in Mexico and was once seen as a model of
Citigroup's strategy of capitalizing on growth in emerging markets. But
Banamex's standing, and Citigroup's management of the subsidiary, were called
into question in 2013 when it lost money on loans to Mexican homebuilding
companies and again in 2014 when it disclosed losses from apparent fraud in
lending to a supplier of Pemex, the Mexican oil company.

Manuel Medina-Mora, who rose from being CEO of Banamex to chief executive of
Citigroup's global consumer business, said last week that he will retire in
June.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from The Financial Express. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 The Financial Express
                              All Rights Reserved

                              712 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                    September 1, 1999, Wednesday, Edition 1

RUSSIAN FINANCIER DENIES MONEY LAUNDERING

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 804 words


shirt . . . the money looked a lot cleaner and brighter after
 that'

 Semyon Mogilevich, on allegations of money laundering

scandals linked

to ex-convict MOSCOW (AP-CP) - A reputed Russian mob leader linked to a
 Canadian financial scandal denies accusations that he was
 involved in the laundering of billions of dollars through an
 American bank.

 ''I can only dream of such money. . . . All these accusations are the
nightmarish delirium of the FBI,'' Semyon Mogilevich told the Moskovsky
Komsomolets newspaper.

''If I could earn - not steal - a third of that money, my life would be a
success.''

Mogilevich said in recent interviews that he had only laundered money only once
in his life.

''I washed $5 worth of Russian currency I'd left in my shirt, not noticing that
they had been left in the pocket. I want to say that the money looked a lot
cleaner and brighter after that.''

Mogilevich, whose name is sometimes spelled Semion Mogilevitch, has been closely
associated with YBM Magnex International Inc., an industrial magnet maker listed
on the Ontario and Alberta stock markets until early last year.

YBM was later fined $3 million (U.S.) in June for conspiracy to commit
securities and mail fraud in the United States.

Mogilevich has long denied any involvement with organized crime, though he has
been linked to a company called Benex, which had accounts at the Bank of New
York that raised the suspicion of U.S. investigators.

Money laundering is the process of moving ill-gotten gains through a series of
bank accounts until they appear to be legitimate profits from legal businesses.

No one has been charged with wrongdoing in the alleged laundering of between
$4.2 billion and $10 billion by the Russian mob through the Bank of New York.

The case is potentially the biggest money-laundering affair ever uncovered in
the United States.

On Friday, the Bank of New York fired a London-based executive, Lucy Edwards,
who was in charge of its Eastern European operations. The bank would not
elaborate on Edwards' dismissal.

A Russian-born Bank of New York executive, Natasha Gurfinkel Kagalovsky, has
been suspended. Her husband, Russian businessman Konstantin Kagalovsky, has also
been implicated in the scandal.

In an interview on Russian television Saturday, Konstantin Kagalovsky denied he
and his wife were involved in the scheme. He said the scandal was being blown
out of proportion by U.S. politicians battling about aid to Russia, which is
expected to be a sensitive issue in next year's U.S. presidential election.

Mogilevich told Moskovsky Komsomolets that he's just an ''average businessman''
who left his homeland for love.

Mogilevich, who has dual Russian-Israeli citizenship and wealth estimated by
Britain's National Criminal Intelligence Service in 1995 at $100 million (U.S.
), made light of early stints in Soviet jails.

He joked that he was worth ''less than $10 billion'' and said he did not know
major Russian mob figures.

The 53-year-old Mogilevich, born in the Ukrainian capital Kiev, took a degree in
economics from Lvov University.

He said he had his first brush with the law in 1972 when, in typical Soviet
fashion during an era of chronic shortages, he joined a queue to find out what
was on sale at the other end.

Mogilevich said the lineup turned out to be a Ukrainian nationalist rally where
his moustache, typical of those sported by nationalists, was taken as a sign of
protest by a police officer who ordered him: ''Shave off those whiskers,
quick!''

He played down other offences that earned him two jail sentences, one for three
years and another for four years, linked to the stiff laws of the Soviet era
against holding or dealing in foreign currency.

Mogilevich rejected a suggestion that he had formed contacts with organized
crime during that period.

''All that was 22 years ago. From the vantage of my 53 years, I see those were
simply youthful follies,'' he said.

In 1996, at a U.S. Senate subcommittee meeting, he was named as the leader of
one of 25 so-called ''Eurasian'' organized crime groups operating in the United
States.

Tax authorities in Hungary, where he is a resident, say they are investigating
for possible breaches of accounting rules.

Mogilevich's mother was a doctor and his father head of a printing factory, a
profession Mogilevich followed, but despite success he said he moved to Hungary
in 1990.

Why?

''Love!'' he said.

''I met a girl, a Hungarian. In April, 1989, we got hitched.

''But Moscow life scared her - a different mentality. She told me to move to
Budapest.''

There, Mogilevich said, he began to build his fortune by selling equipment
desperately needed by the disintegrating Soviet Union.

With files from Reuters


LOAD-DATE: September 1, 1999

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1999 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.

                              713 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

               March 13, 1993, Saturday, SATURDAY SECOND EDITION

11 arrested as $8 million worth of drugs seized

BYLINE: By Bruce Campion-Smith Toronto Star

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A4

LENGTH: 411 words


   The RCMP have arrested 11 people and seized $8 million worth of heroin,
cocaine and hashish in an investigation into money laundering by drug dealers.

During the eight-month case, undercover officers travelled to New York, Los
Angeles and Buffalo posing as money launderers and drug traffickers, Staff
Sergeant Tom Brown said yesterday.

Those targeted by the operation were "major" cocaine and heroin traffickers who
used Toronto as their base, Brown said.

He said the arrests should have an impact on the availability of drugs locally.

"But we're not naive enough to believe that by debilitating two or three groups
that it's going to shut it off," he said.

The investigation was led by the RCMP's Milton drug section and involved the
co-operation of the force's Montreal drug section, the Royal Hong Kong police
and offices of the U.S. Drug Enforcement Agency.

Seizures and purchases during the operation included:

* More than 2 kilograms (4.4 pounds) of heroin with a street value of $5.28
million.

* More than 25 kilograms (55 pounds) of cocaine, worth $2.79 million.

* 12 kilograms (26.4 pounds) of hashish worth $180,000.

* $821,890 in cash that was the proceeds of drug trafficking.

Undercover officers also bought a Mack 10 fully automatic machine pistol, Brown
said.

"We achieved probably even more than we had hoped to achieve than at the start
of the project," he said.

"It was directed to a large degree at the laundering of money, which was the
proceeds of drug trafficking, primarily cocaine," Brown said.

The unsuspecting traffickers dealt with officers who claimed they were capable
of laundering drug money, Brown said. By the end of the investigation, the
traffickers had laundered $2.5 million in U.S. funds through the police
officers.

Police started to round up the men on Tuesday during a reverse sting operation
that saw officers offering to sell cocaine to suspects.

Michele Coscia, 32, of Lake Shore Blvd. W. is charged with four counts of
trafficking, seven counts of conspiracy to traffic, five counts of conspiracy to
import, eight counts of money laundering, seven counts of conspiracy to launder
money and one count possession of proceeds of trafficking.

Others charged include residents of Hamilton, St. Catharines, Mississauga, and
North York, as well as five men from Quebec.

The investigation is continuing and further arrests are expected, Brown said.

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1993 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.

                              714 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                       MX

                           February 8, 2006 Wednesday
                               Melbourne Edition

NHL coach named in gambling ring scandal

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 251  words


SLAP SHOT

Phoenix Coyotes associate coach and former NHL player Rick Tocchet has been
named as a suspect in a gambling ring.

New Jersey State Police said Tocchet was identified as veteran state trooper
James Harney's alleged partner and financier in the ring.

Harney was arrested on Monday and charged with official misconduct, promoting
gambling, money laundering and conspiracy.

Tocchet was charged with promoting gambling, money laundering and conspiracy and
has been served a summons.

He is expected to answer charges in New Jersey.

Police said the investigation, named Operation Slap Shot, revealed a sports
betting system that processed more than 1000 wagers that exceeded a total of
$1.7 million on professional and college sporting events during a 40-day period.

The release also said that the clientele of the ring included professional
athletes, past and present, and celebrities.

The investigation began in October, 2005, when members of the New Jersey State
Police Organised Crime Bureau discovered information that Harney was a partner
in the bookmaking ring.

The investigation also led to the arrest of James Ulmer, who was charged with
promoting gambling, money laundering and conspiracy, and revealed alleged ties
to the Bruno-Scarfo crime family.

Tocchet, an 18-year veteran who is in his first season as associate coach with
Phoenix, appeared in 1144 regular season games with six teams.

In stints with Philadelphia, Pittsburgh, Los Angeles, Boston, Washington and
Phoenix, the forward scored 440 goals.

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MEL


                   Copyright 2006 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              715 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             Sydney MX (Australia)

                           February 8, 2006 Wednesday
                                  SYD Edition

NHL coach named in gambling ring scandal

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 251  words


SLAP SHOT

Phoenix Coyotes associate coach and former NHL player Rick Tocchet has been
named as a suspect in a gambling ring.

New Jersey State Police said Tocchet was identified as veteran state trooper
James Harney's alleged partner and financier in the ring.

Harney was arrested on Monday and charged with official misconduct, promoting
gambling, money laundering and conspiracy.

Tocchet was charged with promoting gambling, money laundering and conspiracy and
has been served a summons.

He is expected to answer charges in New Jersey.

Police said the investigation, named Operation Slap Shot, revealed a sports
betting system that processed more than 1000 wagers that exceeded a total of
$1.7 million on professional and college sporting events during a 40-day period.

The release also said that the clientele of the ring included professional
athletes, past and present, and celebrities.

The investigation began in October, 2005, when members of the New Jersey State
Police Organised Crime Bureau discovered information that Harney was a partner
in the bookmaking ring.

The investigation also led to the arrest of James Ulmer, who was charged with
promoting gambling, money laundering and conspiracy, and revealed alleged ties
to the Bruno-Scarfo crime family.

Tocchet, an 18-year veteran who is in his first season as associate coach with
Phoenix, appeared in 1144 regular season games with six teams.

In stints with Philadelphia, Pittsburgh, Los Angeles, Boston, Washington and
Phoenix, the forward scored 440 goals.

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

MATP

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MXS


                   Copyright 2006 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              716 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 10, 2013 Tuesday

New Mexico: Albuquerque Man Pleads Guilty to Federal Wire Fraud and Money
Laundering Charges

LENGTH: 843  words

DATELINE: Santa Fe


United States Attorney's Office for the District of New Mexico has issued the
following press release:

Rodney Chavez, 47, of Albuquerque, N.M., pleaded guilty this morning to wire
fraud and conspiracy to commit money laundering charges under a plea agreement
that requires him to serve a 63 month prison sentence and pay full restitution,
estimated at $590,250.00, to the victims of his criminal conduct.  The guilty
plea was announced by Acting U.S. Attorney Steven C. Yarbrough and Dawn Mertz,
Special Agent in Charge of the Phoenix Division of IRS Criminal Investigation.

Chavez and his co-defendants, Wayne Brian Church, Jr., 27, and Joshua G. Ellis,
43, both of Albuquerque, were charged in Jan. 2012, with wire fraud and money
laundering charges in a 22-count indictment that generally alleged that the
three men defrauded investors in a real estate venture of more than $800,000.
Chavez and Church were arrested based on the charges in the indictment in Feb.
2012.  Ellis has yet to be arrested and is considered a fugitive.

After Church pleaded guilty in Aug. 2012 to a felony information charging him
with conspiracy to commit wire fraud, Chavez and Ellis were charged in a
21-count superseding indictment that was filed in Oct. 2012.  The superseding
indictment charged Chavez and Ellis with conspiracy to commit wire fraud and
five substantive wire fraud offenses.  It also charged Chavez with conspiracy to
launder the proceeds generated by their fraudulent activities and 14 substantive
money laundering offenses, and sought forfeiture of the proceeds of the
defendants' unlawful activities.

During today's plea hearing, Chavez pleaded guilty to Counts 6 and 7 of the
superseding indictment, charging him with wire fraud and conspiracy to commit
money laundering, respectively.  In his plea agreement, Chavez admitted that,
between March 2010 and April 2011, he designed and executed a scheme to defraud
a group of investors of their interest in certain properties located in Puerto
Peñasco, Mexico.  Chavez embarked on the scheme after learning that the
investors were interested in selling the properties at a substantial loss after
realizing that they would not be able to recoup the full amount of their
original investments.  In March 2010, Chavez contacted a representative of the
investor group under an assumed identity and entered into an agreement to sell
the properties on behalf of the investors with the understanding that the
investors would receive a return of 30% of their original investments.  Despite
his stated intention to sell the properties and distribute the agreed amount to
the investors, Chavez admitted that he never intended to honor that agreement
and instead intended to defraud the investors by selling the properties and
retaining the proceeds for himself.

According to the plea agreement, while falsely assuring investors of his efforts
to sell the properties on their behalf, Chavez hired a real estate agent to sell
the properties and sold five properties, the sales of which generated
approximately $847,370.52 in proceeds.  After the proceeds were wire-transferred
to a bank in Albuquerque with assistance from Church, Chavez did not distribute
the proceeds to the investors.  Instead, Chavez and Church kept the proceeds and
conspired to conceal the source of the proceeds by transferring the money to
bank accounts held in the names of businesses they exclusively controlled.  None
of the proceeds from the sale of properties were returned to the investors.

"Rodney Chavez took advantage of investors who already had lost the value of
their investments by falsely promising to help them recoup part of their losses
and instead using their proceeds to line his own pockets.  Ultimately, the truth
caught up to Rodney Chavez and he will spend more than five years in prison for
his fraudulent conduct," said Acting U.S. Attorney Steven C. Yarbrough.
"Protecting investors from fraudulent schemes like the one perpetuated by Chavez
and his cohorts is a priority for my Office, and those who commit these crimes
will be aggressively tracked down and prosecuted."

"Mr. Chavez preyed on his victims through a pattern of lies and deceit.  He
created an elaborate scheme that he used to steal.  By pleading guilty today and
accepting responsibility, Mr. Chavez has taken a positive first step in making
amends for the harm he has caused the victims in this case," stated IRS Criminal
Investigation Special Agent in Charge Dawn Mertz.

Chavez will remain in custody pending his sentencing hearing, which has yet to
be scheduled.  Church remains on conditions of release pending his sentencing
hearing when he faces a maximum penalty of 30 years in prison.  The charges in
the superseding indictment against Ellis are merely accusations and he is
presumed innocent unless proven guilty beyond a reasonable doubt in a court of
law.

The case was investigated by the IRS Criminal Investigation and is being
prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorney John C. Anderson.

For more information please visit: http://www.justice.gov/usao/nm

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              717 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            September 9, 2013 Monday

New Mexico: Albuquerque Man Pleads Guilty to Federal Wire Fraud and Money
Laundering Charges

LENGTH: 822  words

DATELINE: Santa Fe


United States Attorney's Office for the District of New Mexico has issued the
following press release:

Rodney Chavez, 47, of Albuquerque, N.M., pleaded guilty this morning to wire
fraud and conspiracy to commit money laundering charges under a plea agreement
that requires him to serve a 63 month prison sentence and pay full restitution,
estimated at $590,250.00, to the victims of his criminal conduct.  The guilty
plea was announced by Acting U.S. Attorney Steven C. Yarbrough and Dawn Mertz,
Special Agent in Charge of the Phoenix Division of IRS Criminal Investigation.

Chavez and his co-defendants, Wayne Brian Church, Jr., 27, and Joshua G. Ellis,
43, both of Albuquerque, were charged in Jan. 2012, with wire fraud and money
laundering charges in a 22-count indictment that generally alleged that the
three men defrauded investors in a real estate venture of more than $800,000.
Chavez and Church were arrested based on the charges in the indictment in Feb.
2012.  Ellis has yet to be arrested and is considered a fugitive.

After Church pleaded guilty in Aug. 2012 to a felony information charging him
with conspiracy to commit wire fraud, Chavez and Ellis were charged in a
21-count superseding indictment that was filed in Oct. 2012.  The superseding
indictment charged Chavez and Ellis with conspiracy to commit wire fraud and
five substantive wire fraud offenses.  It also charged Chavez with conspiracy to
launder the proceeds generated by their fraudulent activities and 14 substantive
money laundering offenses, and sought forfeiture of the proceeds of the
defendants' unlawful activities.

During today's plea hearing, Chavez pleaded guilty to Counts 6 and 7 of the
superseding indictment, charging him with wire fraud and conspiracy to commit
money laundering, respectively.  In his plea agreement, Chavez admitted that,
between March 2010 and April 2011, he designed and executed a scheme to defraud
a group of investors of their interest in certain properties located in Puerto
Peñasco, Mexico.  Chavez embarked on the scheme after learning that the
investors were interested in selling the properties at a substantial loss after
realizing that they would not be able to recoup the full amount of their
original investments.  In March 2010, Chavez contacted a representative of the
investor group under an assumed identity and entered into an agreement to sell
the properties on behalf of the investors with the understanding that the
investors would receive a return of 30% of their original investments.  Despite
his stated intention to sell the properties and distribute the agreed amount to
the investors, Chavez admitted that he never intended to honor that agreement
and instead intended to defraud the investors by selling the properties and
retaining the proceeds for himself.

According to the plea agreement, while falsely assuring investors of his efforts
to sell the properties on their behalf, Chavez hired a real estate agent to sell
the properties and sold five properties, the sales of which generated
approximately $847,370.52 in proceeds.  After the proceeds were wire-transferred
to a bank in Albuquerque with assistance from Church, Chavez did not distribute
the proceeds to the investors.  Instead, Chavez and Church kept the proceeds and
conspired to conceal the source of the proceeds by transferring the money to
bank accounts held in the names of businesses they exclusively controlled.  None
of the proceeds from the sale of properties were returned to the investors.

"Rodney Chavez took advantage of investors who already had lost the value of
their investments by falsely promising to help them recoup part of their losses
and instead using their proceeds to line his own pockets.  Ultimately, the truth
caught up to Rodney Chavez and he will spend more than five years in prison for
his fraudulent conduct," said Acting U.S. Attorney Steven C. Yarbrough.
"Protecting investors from fraudulent schemes like the one perpetuated by Chavez
and his cohorts is a priority for my Office, and those who commit these crimes
will be aggressively tracked down and prosecuted."

"Mr. Chavez preyed on his victims through a pattern of lies and deceit.  He
created an elaborate scheme that he used to steal.  By pleading guilty today and
accepting responsibility, Mr. Chavez has taken a positive first step in making
amends for the harm he has caused the victims in this case," stated IRS Criminal
Investigation Special Agent in Charge Dawn Mertz.

Chavez will remain in custody pending his sentencing hearing, which has yet to
be scheduled.  Church remains on conditions of release pending his sentencing
hearing when he faces a maximum penalty of 30 years in prison.  The charges in
the superseding indictment against Ellis are merely accusations and he is
presumed innocent unless proven guilty beyond a reasonable doubt in a court of
law.

For more information please visit: http://www.justice.gov/usao/nm

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              718 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                             April 30, 2006 Sunday

SLC-area man accused of fraud, money laundering

BYLINE: The Salt Lake Tribune

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 181 words


Counterterrorist agents arrested five men, one in Utah and four in California,
on Wednesday as part of an investigation into the U.S. connections of a
suspected senior al-Qaida operative imprisoned in Iraq.

The federal indictments against the men - all of whom have ties to Utah and all
of whom are related to accused terrorist Shawqi Omar - involve only fraud and
money laundering. But FBI agents say some of the money allegedly stolen in
various schemes wound up in Jordan, and they want to know whether that cash has
ended up in the hands of terrorists.

The Omar family has extensive ties in Jordan, where Shawqi Omar moved his family
in 1995 and where he now stands accused of helping terrorist mastermind Abu
Musab al-Zarqawi plot a chemical attack.

Omar's brother Sharif was arrested at his home in the Salt Lake City suburb of
Cottonwood Heights. In a U.S. District Court hearing Thursday in Salt Lake City
attended by his wife, Hana, and other family members, Sharif Omar pleaded not
guilty to charges of bank fraud and money laundering and was released after
surrendering his passport.

LOAD-DATE: April 30, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Sarif Omar is being arraigned on federal money laundering and fraud
charges at federal court. Here Omar is escorted from courthouse to waiting car.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved

                              719 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Bankers Close Ranks After Laundering Charges;
How Laundering Scheme Worked, According to US

                           October 13, 1988, Thursday

By YVETTE D. KANTROW

DATELINE: NEW YORK


With offices in places as diverse as the United States, France, Panama, Uruguay,
the Bahamas, and Britain, Bank of Credit and Commerce International was
allegedly able to keep $14 million in illegal drug money moving fast and often
enough to make it virtually untraceable.

When the U.S. Customs Service first began its money-laundering investigation,
the Medellin drug cartel scheme involved blank checks written against illegal
funds deposited in Tampa, Fla. But once BCCI officials lent their suggestions to
the launderers, the scheme escalated into a multinational plan, with money
traveling through numerous loans, certificates of deposits, legitimate bank
accounts, and international wire transfers. According to the Customs Service,
here is how the scheme worked:

Cash generated by drug deals in New York, Chicago, Detroit, Houston, Miami, Los
Angeles, and Philadelphia was picked up by an U.S. Customs undercover agent. It
was deposited at a bank in the city of the drug deal and then sent via wire
transfers to an undercover bank account in Tampa. Sometimes, the money was
physically transported to Tampa and directly deposited into the bank account.

In the scheme's early days, the conspiracy's principal player, identified as
Gonzalo Mora, was given blank checks written against the Tampa account. The
value of the checks, which were signed by the holder of the clandestine account,
allegedly was filled in by Mr. Mora. He then forwarded the checks to the funds'
owners - the suppliers of the drugs sold in the deal.  Sometimes Mr. Mora sold
checks on what Customs called the "currency black market."

Beginning in October 1987, the launderers sometimes used a variation of this
scheme. The funds in the Tampa account were transferred by wire to a BCCI
account in Panama owned by a Panamanian corporation. Mr. Mora then received
blank checks signed by that corporation.

According to Customs, the conspiracy became more sophisticated in December 1987,
at the suggestion of BCCI officials. Under the newer method, funds in the Tampa
account were wire-transferred via a New York bank to a foreign bank. Once the
money reached the foreign bank, it was placed in a 90-day certificate of
deposit.

At the same time, a representative from BCCI in Miami would meet with undercover
agents and secure a loan to be made to the agents by BCCI in Panama. The loan
would be guaranteed by the funds in the foreign CD. An account would then be
opened at BCCI Panama to receive the loan's proceeds. Mr. Mora would then
receive blank checks written against the BCCI Panama account.

In May 1988, a new laundering method was initiated after undercover agents met
with BCCI officials in Europe, the Customs report said,.

Under the new scheme, BCCI accounts were established for nine corporations in
four countries. These included legitimate cash-generating businesses in the
United States that agreed to cooperate with Customs' undercover operation. The
most recent transaction conducted under this complex plan worked this way:

Funds deposited in Tampa were wire-transferred via New York to BCCI in
Luxembourg, where they were then wired to BCCI in London. The money was then
placed in a CD. BCCI in Nassau made a loan backed by the CD in London. BCCI in
Nassau, as instructed by Mr. Mora, wired the proceeds of the loan to a bank
account in Uruguay. The account in Uruguay was controlled by a Colombian drug
kingpin.

According to the Customs report, Mr. Mora ordered similarly complex transactions
to send money to other foreign accounts held by drug chieftains. The
transactions involved various combinations of corporate bank accounts
established under the scheme. In all cases, funds were placed in BCCI branches
in specific countries while loans were generated by the bank's branches in other
countries. The schemers were careful to combine different accounts and branches
in each transaction so as not to reveal a pattern.

About 25% of the laundered funds in the BCCI case reached the people who
controlled the drug funds via these types of transactions. The blank check
schemes accounted for the remaining 75%.

SECTION: Pg. 1

LENGTH: 690 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1988 American Banker, Inc.

                              720 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    June 15, 1988, Wednesday, Final Edition

D.C. Bank Official's House Searched in Laundering Probe;
2 Ex-Employees Also Named in Affidavit

BYLINE: Caryle Murphy, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: METRO; PAGE D1

LENGTH: 483 words


Federal agents investigating an alleged $ 370,000 money-laundering operation
searched the Northern Virginia homes of a McLachlen National Bank vice president
and two former employees, according to law enforcement officials and a search
warrant.

Internal Revenue Service agents Monday night searched the home of McLachlen Vice
President Henry C. Sy, who lives at 3999 Bradwater St., Fairfax City, and the
Fairfax residence of Karen A. Davis and Norma J. Vidal, 1607 Belle Haven Rd. No
charges have been filed and no arrests made, officials said.

According to an affidavit filed Monday in U.S. Magistrate's Court in Alexandria,
the IRS "has probable cause to believe that [Sy, Davis and Vidal] have been
engaged in an illegal money-laundering operation for at least the past year."

According to the affidavit, Sy made two quick trips to New York last month, on
one occasion spending only an hour there. "Short plane trips of this type,
particularly to known drug-trafficking areas such as New York, are consistent
with couriering drugs or money," the affidavit stated.

McLachlen counsel Ruth Prokop said the bank, one of the District's smallest and
oldest, is conducting an internal investigation after being told of the
searches.

Sy could not be reached for comment; Vidal refused to discuss the incident.

The affidavit by IRS agent John S. Fowler documented deposits since May 1987
totaling $ 283,320 into accounts held by Sy at Sovran and Riggs banks. About $
65,000 of the deposits were transferred to accounts held by Davis and Vidal. In
addition, deposits totaling $ 87,000 have been made into the women's accounts
since last July, the affidavit said.

"None of these three have known legitimate sources of income which could explain
these deposits," the affidavit stated.

In most cases, the deposits were made in currency totaling just less than $
10,000. Deposits of $ 10,000 or more require financial institutions to report
the transaction to the IRS. Officials at Riggs and Sovran notified the IRS about
"suspicious currency transactions" connected to Sy's deposits, the affidavit
stated.

Sy, who began working at McLachlen six years ago as a teller trainee, is manager
of the bank's branch at 11th and G streets NW, the document stated. He and his
wife, Thelma, reported $ 33,312 taxable income in 1986, it said.

Davis and Vidal worked "in low-level positions" under Sy but left the bank's
employ last year, Fowler wrote. A few months ago, the women traveled to the
Cayman Islands "for unknown purposes," he stated. The house they live in was
purchased by Davis in December for $ 230,000. A records search showed no
mortgage on the property, indicating "it must have been purchased with cash or
cashier's check," Fowler wrote.

McLachlen, which has $ 170 million in assets and eight offices in the District,
recently was purchased by Citizens Bank Corp. of Maryland.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: DC NEWS

                       Copyright 1988 The Washington Post

                              721 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    June 15, 1988, Wednesday, Final Edition

D.C. Bank Official's House Searched in Laundering Probe;
2 Ex-Employees Also Named in Affidavit

BYLINE: Caryle Murphy, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: METRO; PAGE D1

LENGTH: 483 words


Federal agents investigating an alleged $ 370,000 money-laundering operation
searched the Northern Virginia homes of a McLachlen National Bank vice president
and two former employees, according to law enforcement officials and a search
warrant.

Internal Revenue Service agents Monday night searched the home of McLachlen Vice
President Henry C. Sy, who lives at 3999 Bradwater St., Fairfax City, and the
Fairfax residence of Karen A. Davis and Norma J. Vidal, 1607 Belle Haven Rd. No
charges have been filed and no arrests made, officials said.

According to an affidavit filed Monday in U.S. Magistrate's Court in Alexandria,
the IRS "has probable cause to believe that [Sy, Davis and Vidal] have been
engaged in an illegal money-laundering operation for at least the past year."

According to the affidavit, Sy made two quick trips to New York last month, on
one occasion spending only an hour there. "Short plane trips of this type,
particularly to known drug-trafficking areas such as New York, are consistent
with couriering drugs or money," the affidavit stated.

McLachlen counsel Ruth Prokop said the bank, one of the District's smallest and
oldest, is conducting an internal investigation after being told of the
searches.

Sy could not be reached for comment; Vidal refused to discuss the incident.

The affidavit by IRS agent John S. Fowler documented deposits since May 1987
totaling $ 283,320 into accounts held by Sy at Sovran and Riggs banks. About $
65,000 of the deposits were transferred to accounts held by Davis and Vidal. In
addition, deposits totaling $ 87,000 have been made into the women's accounts
since last July, the affidavit said.

"None of these three have known legitimate sources of income which could explain
these deposits," the affidavit stated.

In most cases, the deposits were made in currency totaling just less than $
10,000. Deposits of $ 10,000 or more require financial institutions to report
the transaction to the IRS. Officials at Riggs and Sovran notified the IRS about
"suspicious currency transactions" connected to Sy's deposits, the affidavit
stated.

Sy, who began working at McLachlen six years ago as a teller trainee, is manager
of the bank's branch at 11th and G streets NW, the document stated. He and his
wife, Thelma, reported $ 33,312 taxable income in 1986, it said.

Davis and Vidal worked "in low-level positions" under Sy but left the bank's
employ last year, Fowler wrote. A few months ago, the women traveled to the
Cayman Islands "for unknown purposes," he stated. The house they live in was
purchased by Davis in December for $ 230,000. A records search showed no
mortgage on the property, indicating "it must have been purchased with cash or
cashier's check," Fowler wrote.

McLachlen, which has $ 170 million in assets and eight offices in the District,
recently was purchased by Citizens Bank Corp. of Maryland.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: DC NEWS

                       Copyright 1988 The Washington Post

                              722 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

BCCI Investigation to Go Deeper;
Federal, State Prosecutors Probe Money Laundering

                            June 5, 1991, Wednesday

By JAMES R. KRAUS

DATELINE: NEW YORK


Federal and New York state prosecutors are continuing to investigate BCCI
Holdings for money laundering, despite a major restructuring proposed by the
Luxemborg-based company.

"Our investigation is going to go forward," said a spokesman for the Manhattan
district attorney's office. If the restructuring hampered the agency's
investigation, the spokesman added, it could be construed as an obstruction of
justice.

The Justice Department is also proceeding with its investigation, a spokesman
confirmed.

The Manhattan district attorney's office and the Justice Department are
separately investigating whether BCCI used branches in New York, California, and
Miami, and its First American Bankshares Inc. unit, as part of an international
money-laundering network. Restructuring Opposed

In an apparent response to the investigations, BCCI plans to dissolve its
current structure and reemerge as three separate banks.

The restructuring is strongly opposed by John Kerry, chairman of the Senate's
subcommittee on terrorism, narcotics, and international operations. Mr. Kerry
says this plan would make it difficult to regulate the company.

BCCI's restructuring can go forward if approved by the Federal Reserve Board.
Fed officials could not be reached for comment. Conviction Inaugurates Changes

BCCI, which is owned by the Abu Dhabi royal family and government, agreed to
shut down its U.S. offices last year after its Tampa agency was convicted of
money laundering.

Regulators have also ordered the company to sell its controlling interests in
First American Bankshares, the biggest bank in Washington, D.C., and
Independence Bank of California, a community bank in Encino, Calif.

Investigations into BCCI are part of a broader effort by federal and state
authorities to crack down on narcotics money laundering.

An estimated $110 billion worth of illegal narcotics are sold annually in the
United States, according to the Manhattan district attorney's office. More than
$10 billion is funneled through New York-based financial institutions, the
agency says.
The American Banker

SECTION: Pg. 2

LENGTH: 353 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1991 American Banker, Inc.

                              723 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           August 17, 2016 Wednesday

Washington: Eight Charged with Conspiring to Traffic Synthetic Drugs into United
States from China

LENGTH: 938  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Department of Justice has issued the following news release:



 Seven individuals who are alleged to have been members of a conspiracy that
trafficked controlled substances, including controlled substance analogues (also
called synthetic drugs) from Asia that eventually made their way to the streets
of Harrisonburg for distribution, have been indicted by a federal grand jury
sitting in the United States District Court for the Western District of Virginia
in Harrisonburg.



 After the synthetic drugs arrived in the United States, this conspiracy
distributed them to locations in the Western District of Virginia, New York,
Illinois, Pennsylvania, Oregon, North Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia, Texas,
Ohio and Michigan. An eighth man, who has pled guilty to being part of the
conspiracy, has admitted to providing the drugs to a sub-distributor in
Harrisonburg, United States Attorney John P. Fishwick Jr. announced today.

 In a superseding indictment filed under seal July 19, 2016 and unsealed in
recent weeks following the arrests and initial court appearances of the
defendants, the grand jury has charged Jason Bradley, 38, of Chicago, Illinois,
his wife, Deborah Ryba, 37, also of Chicago, Ryan Buchanan, 35, of Downers
Grove, Illinois, Brian Lister, 29, of Buffalo Grove, Illinois, Nicholas
Purintun, 30, of Downers Grove, Illinois, Nayna Taylor, 55, of Charlotte, North
Carolina and Edward Taylor, 66, of Charlotte, North Carolina.

 According to the superseding indictment, from March 2011 to October 2015, the
defendants conspired to traffic controlled substances, including controlled
substance analogues, from China and other Asian countries to the United States,
including areas in the Western District of Virginia, for the purpose of human
consumption.  At times during the conspiracy, Jason Bradley and Deborah Bradley
lived in China and Thailand and shipped synthetic drugs directly to other
members of the conspiracy, who then redistributed them to various locations
throughout the United States.  The superseding indictment also alleges that some
members of the conspiracy engaged in a conspiracy to commit money laundering
transactions.

 A related conspirator, Robert Justin Schroeder, 36, also from the Chicago,
Illinois area, pled guilty under seal in May 2016 to one count of conspiracy to
distribute and possess with the intent to distribute controlled substance
analogues, and one count of conspiracy to launder money.  Schroeder&#8217;s
guilty plea was unsealed recently in Federal Court in Harrisonburg.  Schroeder
has admitted that the synthetic drugs would arrive from China packaged in a
variety of ways to avoid detection, including smuggled inside of cosmetic
fingernail dryers, children&#8217;s toys and stuffed animals.  Schroeder also
admitted that one of his sub-distributors was located in the Harrisonburg-area,
and that this individual obtained controlled substance analogues from Schroeder
and redistributed them to customers throughout the Harrisonburg-area in the
Western District of Virginia.  According to Schroeder, this conspiracy was a
major wholesale supplier of synthetic drugs to distributors who were shut down
during Operation Log Jam, the DEA&#8217;s nationwide federal roundup of
synthetic drug distributors in 2012.  Schroeder admitted that the conspiracy
earned over 1 million dollars selling the synthetic drugs.

 Those charged in the recently unsealed superseding indictment are as follows:





   Jason Bradley, 38, of Chicago, Illinois: one count of drug trafficking
conspiracy, one count of conspiracy to import controlled substances (including
controlled substance analogues), and two counts of money laundering conspiracy.



   Deborah Ryba, 37, of Chicago, Illinois: one count of drug trafficking
conspiracy, one count of conspiracy to import controlled substances (including
controlled substance analogues), and two counts of money laundering conspiracy.



   Ryan Buchanan, 33, of Downers Grove, Illinois: one count of drug trafficking
conspiracy, one count of conspiracy to import controlled substances (including
controlled substance analogues), and two counts of money laundering conspiracy.



   Brian Lister, 29, of Buffalo Grove, Illinois: one count of drug trafficking
conspiracy, one count of conspiracy to import controlled substances (including
controlled substance analogues), and one count of money laundering conspiracy.



   Nicholas Purintun, 30, of Downers Grover, Illinois: one count of drug
trafficking conspiracy, one count of conspiracy to import controlled substances
(including controlled substance analogues), and one count of money laundering
conspiracy.



   Nanya Taylor, 55, of Charlotte, North Carolina: one count of drug trafficking
conspiracy.



   Edward Taylor, 66, of Charlotte, North Carolina: one count of drug
trafficking conspiracy.



 The investigation of the case was conducted by the Drug Enforcement
Administration (DEA), the Internal Revenue Service (IRS), the Department of
Homeland Security (DHS), the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI), United
States Postal Inspection Service (USPIS), Virginia State Police, Michigan State
Police, and the Burlington Police Department in North Carolina.  Assistant
United States Attorney Grayson A. Hoffman will prosecute the case for the United
States.

 A Grand Jury Indictment is only a charge and not evidence of guilt.  The
defendant is entitled to a fair trial with the burden on the government to prove
guilt beyond a reasonable doubt.




 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              724 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The International Herald Tribune

                            February 5, 2010 Friday

Tighter controls are proposed to combat money laundering

BYLINE: Lynnley Browning

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 454 words

ABSTRACT

A Senate report said inadequate controls on money laundering at American banks
and unregulated American lawyers, real estate agents and lobbyists allowed
millions of dollars to enter the United States.

FULL TEXT

A suitcase containing $1 million in shrink-wrapped bills, hand-carried into New
York by the former president of Gabon for his daughter to buy an apartment.
Purchases of a stretch Hummer H2 armored limousine and C-130 Hercules military
transport planes for a civil war in Angola. And a shell company named Sweet
Pink, used to funnel millions of dollars into the United States from Equatorial
Guinea.

Those and other deals and money transfers took place in recent years because of
inadequate controls on money laundering at large American banks and unregulated
American lawyers, real estate agents and lobbyists, according to a Senate report
released late Wednesday.

The 325-page report by the Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations, which held
a hearing Thursday,  sheds new light on how banks like Citigroup, Wachovia and
Bank of America unwittingly shifted hundreds of millions of dollars on behalf of
African politicians and their relatives and associates.

The banks ended up closing or restricting the accounts and cooperated with the
subcommittee, offering comments on individual transactions.

In all cases, the Senate report said, the banks ignored controls intended to
prevent money laundering and related screens on ''politically exposed persons,''
or PEP - high-risk clients from countries with high levels of corruption.

''Laundered money is used to train and provide support for terrorists and
terrorism,'' Senator Carl Levin, head of the panel, said at the hearing,
according to The Associated Press. ''If we want to credibly lead efforts to stop
illegal money abroad, we've got to stop it here at home as well.''

The report recommended strengthening regulations against money laundering at
banks and revoking exemptions for lawyers and other third parties from
restrictions on money laundering in the USA Patriot Act. It recommends that
Congress pass laws requiring people who form corporations to disclose the true
owners.

The report, contains four case studies.

''Together, these four case histories demonstrate the need for the United States
to strengthen its PEP controls to prevent corrupt foreign officials, their
relatives and close associates from using U.S. professionals and financial
institutions to conceal, protect and utilize their ill-gotten gains,'' it said.

One case detailed how Pierre Falcone, an Algerian known to be an arms dealer,
now imprisoned in France, had used nearly 30 accounts at a Bank of America
branch to funnel millions of dollars through the United States over 18 years.

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2010 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved

                              725 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Australian

                           November 2, 2016 Wednesday
                               Australian Edition

Australia terrorist links to cartels

BYLINE: Mark Schliebs EXCLUSIVE

SECTION: THENATION; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 478  words


Hezbollah and its associates have been using Australia to launder money for
international drug cartels, with at least one -locally-based contact now helping
security agencies to bring them down.

A year after Australian authorities helped bust a major international money-
laundering organ-isation allegedly headed by Pakistan's Altaf Khanani, Hezbollah
associates in Colombia, West Africa and Europe are accused of moving $500,000
out of Australia in 2014.

So far, only -Mohammad Ahmad Ammar, has been taken to the US for prosecution
following the sting operation involving agents and informants for the Drug
-Enforcement Administration and the Australian Criminal -Intelligence
Commission.

Ammar last week pleaded not guilty to eight charges in a Florida court, six
relating to money laundering and two counts of unlawfully using a communication
device.

An alleged accom-plice and fellow Hezbollah associate, Hassan Mohsen Mansour, is
under French house arrest while the US seeks to extradite him for unrelated
money--laundering -charges.

Mansour allegedly asked an unidentified Aus-tralia-based contact to help launder
the money - not knowing that person had become an ACIC informer. ACIC declined
to comment yesterday.

Ammar, 24, was arrested and taken to Florida for prosecution last month. He
holds Lebanese, Colombian, British and US citizenship and operated from
Medellin, Colombia where he allegedly worked closely with drug cartel Oficina de
-Envigado.

US prosecutors allege that Ammar and his Los Angeles-based father, Ahmed Ammar,
are Hezbollah associates, and that he has "numerous ties" to the group's
"business affairs component" - which raises money for external operations,
including arms purchases for its fighters in Syria and Iraq.

Hezbollah's External Security Organisation, a declared terrorist group in
Australia, has carried out attacks around the world. Hezbollah itself is not
listed in Australia as a terrorist group.

"He (Ammar) is known for -facilitating the laundering of -illicit monies from or
through Holland, Spain, the UK, Australia and Africa," US authorities -alleged
in court documents seen by The Australian.

Mansour is also accused by US authorities of unspecified criminal activity that
goes -beyond money laundering and drug trafficking. "Hassan Mohsen Mansour is a
Hezbollah associate, known to be involved in multifaceted criminal activity, not
simply money laundering or drug trafficking," the court documents -allege.

"His level of participation in BAC affairs is significant, working directly with
established members of -Hezbollah."The revelations came after The Australian
reported in January that ACIC and Australian Federal Police were involved in
investigating Khanani's group - linked to al-Qa'ida, Hezbollah, Chinese Triads
and drug cartels in -Colombia and Mexico - and its presence in Australia.
Khanani is in custody in the US.

LOAD-DATE: November 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: The Australian


                   Copyright 2016 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              726 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 25, 2016 Saturday

Mexican National Sentenced To More Than 15 Years On Money Laundering And Drug
Trafficking Charges

LENGTH: 366  words

DATELINE: New York



 Office for the United States Attorneys, Middle District of Florida has issued
the following news release:



  United States District Judge Elizabeth A. Kovachevich today sentenced Edgar
Yanez-Gutierrez (32, Nayarit, Mexico) to 15 years and 8 months in federal prison
for conspiring to commit money laundering and conspiring to distribute cocaine,
methamphetamine, and marijuana. He pleaded guilty on February 24, 2016.





 According to the court documents, Yanez-Gutierrez was part of a large-scale
drug trafficking organization (DTO) that shipped cocaine, methamphetamine, and
marijuana from California to drug distribution and money laundering cells
throughout the United States, including Florida, Ohio, North Carolina, Nevada,
New Jersey, New York, Alabama, and Arkansas. Yanez-Gutierrez fled from
California to Mexico in 2011, but was later arrested and extradited to the
United States in December 2015. To date, 27 others have been prosecuted in the
Middle District of Florida for their roles in this DTO.



 "This sentencing is another step toward the total dismantling of a dangerous
transnational drug trafficking operation, further emphasizing that criminals
cannot hide behind international borders and escape justice." said Susan L.
McCormick, special agent in charge of HSI Tampa. "HSI will continue to work with
our international law enforcement partners to make our country and communities
safer."



 The case was prosecuted by Assistant United States Attorney Christopher F.
Murray. It was investigated by U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement's
Homeland Security Investigations, with assistance from other federal, state, and
local agencies as part of an Organized Crime Drug Enforcement Task Force
(OCDETF) investigation. The principal mission of the OCDETF program is to
identify, disrupt, and dismantle the most serious drug trafficking and money
laundering organizations, and those primarily responsible for the nation's drug
supply. The Office of International Affairs, Department of Justice, assisted
with Yanez-Gutierrez's extradition to the United States.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: June 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              727 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         The Brownsville Herald (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             May 23, 2012 Wednesday

Tamaulipas businessman indicted

BYLINE: Madeline Buckley, The Brownsville Herald, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 261 words


May 23--A federal grand jury in Brownsville returned an indictment Tuesday
accusing a Mexican businessman of laundering bribes paid by the Gulf Cartel.

The case is part of a wide-ranging money laundering investigation that includes
moves to seize property owned by a former Tamaulipas governor.

Fernando Alejandro Cano Martinez, 55, of Ciudad Victoria, Mexico, is charged
with money laundering and bank fraud in a two-count indictment filed Tuesday.

The indictment alleges that for more than a decade, Cano, who is a fugitive,
used Texas businesses to launder bribes paid by the Gulf Cartel to Mexican
elected officials.

The scheme, perpetrated since 1998, yielded millions of dollars in assets,
mostly in Texas real estate, the indictment says.

Cano is also accused of obtaining bank loans by submitting false information.

The U.S. Attorney's Office in the Southern and Western districts of Texas also
on Tuesday filed civil actions to seize two properties prosecutors say are owned
by former Tamaulipas governor Tomas Jesus Yarrington Ruvalcaba.

The civil complaints allege that Yarrington used illicit funds to purchase a
condominium on South Padre Island and a property in San Antonio.

Yarrington acquired millions of dollars in payments from drug operations while
holding office, the complaint says.

Yarrington, who was governor of Tamaulipas from 1999 to 2005, also is a former
mayor of Matamoros.

___ (c)2012 The Brownsville Herald (Brownsville, Texas) Visit The Brownsville
Herald (Brownsville, Texas) at www.brownsvilleherald.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: May 24, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120523-BV-Tamaulipas-businessman-indicted-20120523

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BV


                     Copyright 2012 The Brownsville Herald

                              728 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 25, 2014 Saturday

Washington: Head of the Gulf Cartel Appears in Beaumont Federal Court on Drug
Trafficking Charges

LENGTH: 699  words

DATELINE: Washington


The Drug Enforcement Administration, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

Drug Enforcement Administration Special Agent in Charge Joseph M. Arabit,
Houston Division and U.S. Attorney John M. Bales announced today that the
current head of the Mexican drug trafficking organization, the Gulf Cartel, or
Cartel del Golfo, has made an initial appearance in the Eastern District of
Texas on drug trafficking charges.

Juan Francisco Saenz-Tamez, 23, of Camargo, Tamaulipas, Mexico, was arrested by
federal agents on Oct. 9, 2014 while shopping in Edinburg, Texas.

A federal investigation into the large-scale trafficking of illegal drugs from
Mexico into the Eastern District of Texas led to the identity of Saenz-Tamez.
The investigation revealed thousands of kilograms of cocaine and marijuana were
shipped into the Eastern District of Texas and then to locations across the
nation, including Florida, Ohio, Michigan, Mississippi, Louisiana, Washington
D.C., Pennsylvania, Tennessee, Maryland and Georgia.

Saenz-Tamez was indicted by a federal grand jury on Sep. 5, 2013 and charged
with conspiracy with intent to distribute cocaine, conspiracy with intent to
distribute marijuana, and conspiracy to money launder. Saenz-Tamez was
transported from McAllen, Texas to Beaumont where he appeared before U.S.
Magistrate Judge Zack Hawthorn for a detention hearing and initial appearance
today.

If convicted, Saenz-Tamez faces a minimum of 10 years and up to life in federal
prison for the drug charges and up to 20 years in federal prison for the money
laundering charge.

"Juan Francisco Saenz-Tamez became the head of the Gulf Cartel following the
2013 arrest of former leader Mario Ramirez-Trevino," said DEA Administrator
Michele M. Leonhart. "He moved steadily up the cartel ranks, working as a
lookout, record keeper, plaza boss, and finally its leader. Thanks to the quick
actions of DEA and our local partners, we were able to identify and safely
arrest Saenz-Tamez while he was in the United States. He oversaw much of the
violence and bloodshed that has plagued Mexico and DEA is pleased he will face
justice in the United States."

"The news that Juan Saenz-Tamez has been arrested is further proof that justice
is prevailing in Mexico," said U.S. Attorney Bales. "I am encouraged that the
efforts of so many law enforcement officers are now paying off. Congratulations
to them and I look forward to seeing Saenz-Tamez answer for his crimes in a
Beaumont courtroom."

"The arrest of Juan Francisco Saenz-Tamez, will put a stop to his role in the
distribution of illegal drugs and the laundering of drug proceeds," said IRS-CI
Special Agent in Charge Lucy Cruz. "Laundering their profits is as important and
essential to drug traffickers as the distribution of their illegal drugs. IRS CI
is proud to provide assistance as we work alongside our law enforcement partners
to bring these criminals to justice."

This case is the result of ongoing Organized Crime Drug Enforcement Task Force
(OCDETF) joint investigations, Operation South Park, Operation La Mano Negra,
Operation Frontera Chica and Operation Iceberg. The principal mission of the
OCDETF program is to identify, disrupt and dismantle the most serious drug
trafficking, weapons trafficking and money laundering organizations, and those
primarily responsible for the nation's illegal drug supply.

This joint law enforcement investigation was led by the U.S. Drug Enforcement
Administration and Homeland Security Investigations, Internal Revenue Service -
Criminal Investigation, United States Marshals Service, Texas Department of
Public Safety, Texas Attorney General's Office, National Guard of Texas - Joint
Counterdrug, Beaumont Police Department, Houston Police Department, Nacogdoches
Police Department, Jefferson County Sheriff's Office, and the Harris County
Sheriff's Office. This case is being prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorney John
Craft.

A grand jury indictment is not evidence of guilt. All defendants are presumed
innocent until proven guilty beyond a reasonable doubt in a court of law.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              729 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Monitor (McAllen, Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             May 21, 2014 Wednesday

Several Mission residents indicted in money laundering, drug scheme

BYLINE: Karen Antonacci, The Monitor, McAllen, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 314 words


May 21--Five men and three women were arrested Tuesday after an indictment
alleged various money laundering charges and one count of drug trafficking.

A grand jury handed up an indictment against the eight people alleging they
funneled funds gathered from trafficking marijuana through eight bank accounts
with Wells Fargo and Bank of America, according to a U.S. Attorney's Office news
release. If convicted, the eight people could face a maximum of 20 years in
prison and an additional 10 years in federal prison.

The people arrested are:

--Francisco Canchola, 39, of Mission.

--Antonio Medina-Soto, 24, of Mission.

--Efren Amescua, 39, of Mission.

--Brenda Amescua, 19, of Mission.

--Luz Medina, 36, of Mission.

--Carlos Flores, 26, of Mission.

--Maria Amescua, 43, of Mission.

--Prudencio Villalobos, 45, of Jackson, Georgia.

Assistant U.S. Attorney Julie Hampton, who is prosecuting the case, is expected
to ask that the eight people be kept behind bars without bond while the case
moves forward, the news release said.

Canchola and Medina-Soto are also charged with conspiracy to possess with intent
to distribute more than 1,000 kilograms of marijuana. If convicted, they will
face between 10 years and life in federal prison.

The indictment also mentioned the federal government intends to seek $700,000
from the defendants as well as any money in those Wells Fargo and Bank of
America accounts.

The investigation was lead by the Drug Enforcement Administration; the Internal
Revenue Service-Criminal Investigation; ICE's Homeland Security Investigations;
the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives; the Mission Police
Department; U.S. Customs and Border Protection and the U.S. Marshals Service,
the news release said.

kantonacci@themonitor.com

___ (c)2014 The Monitor (McAllen, Texas) Visit The Monitor (McAllen, Texas) at
www.themonitor.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140521-MC-Several-Mission-residents-indicted-in-money-laundering
-drug-scheme-0521-20140521

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MC


                           Copyright 2014 The Monitor

                              730 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                Investment News

                                 March 21, 2011

'Friend' of Ned is convicted of mail fraud

BYLINE: Jessica Toonkel; jtoonkel@investmentnews.com

SECTION: Pg. 15 Vol. 15

LENGTH: 306  words


A Rhode Island man was convicted last week of mail fraud and money laundering
after creating a fictitious friendship with Fidelity Investments chairman Edward
"Ned" Johnson III as a way to bilk investors.

Rocco P. DeSimone was convicted of seven counts of mail fraud and one count of
money laundering in U.S. District Court in Providence, R.I.

He faces up to 20 years in federal prison for each of the counts of mail fraud
and up to 10 years for the single count of money laundering. He was cleared of
two additional counts of mail fraud.

Sentencing for Mr. DeSimone, who is close to completing a prison term from a
2005 tax evasion conviction, will be July 14.

One of the counts involved his using Mr. Johnson's name to lure investors, said
Jim Martin, public information officer for the U.S. Attorney General's Office in
Rhode Island.

The focus of the case was an invention called Drink Stik, which allows a soldier
to drink while wearing a gas mask. Prosecutors said that Mr. DeSimone promised
the inventor, Robert McKittrick, that in exchange for a third of the patent, he
would use his access to wealthy individuals to market the product.

Prosecutors said that Mr. DeSimone then scammed investors by persuading them to
buy shares in Drink Stik by claiming falsely that major corporations, including
Fidelity, were interested in buying the invention for millions of dollars.

One investor, Frederick Weissberg of California, paid $400,000 for shares of
Drink Stik and another invention.

And another investor, gave Mr. DeSimone thousands of dollars after being told
that his investment would grow to $1 million.

Prosecutors will attempt to force Mr. DeSimone to forfeit $4.9 million in
property and $1.2 million in cash he got via the scam.

"Fidelity Investments is not involved in the issue," Jennifer Engle, a
spokeswoman, wrote in an e-mail.

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IN


                      Copyright 2011 Crain Communications
                              All Rights Reserved

                              731 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                          China Daily - Africa Weekly

                                 July 28, 2015

Central bank increases effort to combat money laundering

BYLINE: ZHENG YANGPENG

LENGTH: 520  words


China's central bank and other government agencies have vowed to step up efforts
to combat money laundering, following recent high-profile cases.

A teller counts money in a bank in Ganyu county, eastern Jiangsu province. The
IMF is expected to declare soon that the currency is now fairly valued.
[Photo/China Daily]

Ministries, Supreme People's Court promise to work together more

China's central bank and other government agencies have vowed to step up efforts
to combat money laundering, following recent high-profile cases.

A statement on the People's Bank of China website on Monday said that an
inter-ministerial meeting led by the bank to discuss combating illegal money
transfers was held in Beijing on Friday.

Guo Qingping, a vice-governor of the bank, delivered a report on China's
anti-money-laundering efforts and outlined further plans.

To improve the effectiveness of such work, delegates attending the meeting from
more than 20 departments, including the Ministry of Public Security and the
Supreme People's Court, agreed to strengthen inter-ministerial coordination.

They also agreed to focus on addressing the "institutional roots" of the problem
and to step up efforts in the nonfinancial sector.

They decided to set up a statistics system to combat money laundering and to
increase surveillance on such crimes being committed through the Internet.

The meeting followed several high-profile cases involving Chinese banks'
overseas branches.

In June, Italian prosecutors accused Bank of China, the country's fourth-largest
State-owned lender, along with 297 individuals[#xff0d]mostly Chinese citizens
living in Italy[#xff0d]of transferring about $5.1 billion earned illegally there
to China.

They alleged that nearly half of the money was transferred between 2006 and 2010
through the bank's Milan branch.

Bank of China later said it had ordered all overseas branches to strictly follow
the financial regulations of China and the countries in which it operates, and
that all its business "must be legal".

In another case, the US Federal Reserve told China Construction Bank to
strengthen its anti-money-laundering framework, the first such action by the US
central bank against one of China's four largest State-owned banks.

China Construction Bank has not yet responded publicly.

Last week's inter-ministerial meeting also examined a working plan for China to
submit its evaluation of anti-money-laundering efforts and terrorist financing
at the request of the Financial Action Task Force.

China is a member of this body, an intergovernmental organization that develops
and promotes policies to combat money laundering.

Stanley Lubman, a lecturer at the School of Law at the University of California,
Berkeley, wrote in an article, "As China's international economic relations
continue to expand, China must be willing to cooperate to detect and punish
cross-border crimes that are multiplying."

He also noted that when foreign authorities investigating money laundering cases
seek cooperation from Chinese banks, they often encounter difficulties such as
"inconsistent cooperation, incompatible legal systems and China's secrecy laws".

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1497


                    Copyright 2015 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              732 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                December 16, 1997, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

METRO NEWS BRIEFS: NEW YORK;
Leasing Company Guilty Of Money Laundering

SECTION: Section B; Page 4; Column 5; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 155 words


A equipment leasing company from California has pleaded guilty to charges of
money laundering that were filed after a five-year investigation into the resale
of stolen computer parts, Federal officials said yesterday.

The company, the Oliver-Allen Corporation, was fined $100,000 by Judge I. Leo
Glasser in Federal District Court in Brooklyn. Officials said the company also
forfeited $780,000. Prosecutors had accused Oliver-Allen of making four
purchases of stolen parts worth $2.1 million. A salesman, Mark A. Taylor of
Duluth, Ga., forfeited $77,000.

The investigation, which began on Staten Island, has led to 16 convictions since
1993, officials said.

In a related proceeding in Criminal Court on Staten Island Mr. Taylor and a vice
president of the company, John M. Howe of Kentfield, Calif., pleaded guilty to
possessing stolen property, a misdemeanor. Judge William Garnett ordered them to
pay court costs.

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company

                              733 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   November 11, 1999, Thursday, Final Edition

Federal Bank Oversight Faulted; Testimony, Treasury Report Hit Anti-Money-
Laundering Effort

Kathleen Day, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. E02

LENGTH: 671 words



Federal officials have done a lousy job policing against money laundering at the
nation's banks, according to Senate testimony yesterday and a report by the
inspector general of the U.S. Treasury.

"The U.S. has become the largest repository of ill-gotten gain in the world,"
said Raymond W. Baker, a businessman who owned manufacturing plants and other
businesses in Nigeria and is now a guest scholar on economics at the Brookings
Institution.

Baker testified during hearings by the Senate's Permanent Subcommittee on
Investigations into the lucrative world of private banking and its vulnerability
to money laundering. Private banking caters to wealthy clients who want to move
money around the world to avoid taxes or other government encounters. Money
laundering involves moving money obtained through ill-gotten means through a web
of transactions that make its origins and its ultimate owner hard to trace.

"The bottom line is that anti-money-laundering efforts are not working.
Officials know it but claim they cannot figure out why," he said. "The laws are
inadequate and even the laws that do exist are inadequately enforced."

U.S. Treasury officials would not comment yesterday on why no top bank official
or major bank has ever been seriously sanctioned for money laundering.

The hearings come as the inspector general of the U.S. Treasury prepares to
release an audit that found serious deficiencies in a key banking regulatory
agency's oversight of private bank units and other bank operations often
targeted by money launderers.

The agency is the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, or OCC, a unit of
the Treasury that regulates national banks. The inspector general spent seven
months in 1998 looking at 82 audits the OCC had conducted the previous year of
anti-money-laundering operations. A draft of the audit says the OCC failed to
"perform a complete examination" in 38 of the 82 examinations reviewed.

It says the OCC failed to "follow up on indicators of suspicious activity" and
to "perform sufficient review of high-risk accounts." In 44 cases--more than
half the time--"examinations lacked adequate workpaper documentation to support
the examination work performed and conclusions reached," the draft report says.

OCC spokesman Robert M. Garsson said, "These are old cases, and in 1997 we took
a lot of steps to improve our ability to detect and deal with money laundering."

The subcommittee has intended to shed light on private banking by focusing on
Citigroup, the nation's largest bank when ranked by assets, and several
well-documented cases where Citigroup secretly transferred hundreds of millions
of dollars around the world for foreign politicians or their relatives during
the 1990s. In each case the politicians were suspected by government officials
either here or in their home country of moving money obtained illegally.

The OCC and the Federal Reserve Board went to the Citigroup board of directors
in early 1997 to underscore their concern that Citigroup was vulnerable to money
laundering. They cited Citigroup's record of having ignored repeated internal
audits over several years warning that the company's private bank routinely
failed to follow policy intended to protect the bank from money laundering.

No civil money penalties or other enforcement actions were brought against
Citigroup because, federal officials say, no legal violations were identified
and because they say the bank was cooperating to fix the problem, albeit slowly.

"In reality the business community does not feel particularly constrained by the
regulations that exist," Baker said. He and others, including Rep. Maxine Waters
(D-Calif.), argue that tolerance of ill-gotten money ultimately hurts the
country by promoting drug use and violence.

Convicted money launderer Antonio Giraldi testified at Senate hearings yesterday
that the practices he followed in his career at American Express, Citibank and
Bankers Trust were standard throughout the industry.

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1999 The Washington Post

                              734 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                               The Times (London)

                          December 31, 2008 Wednesday
                                   Edition 1

Law cracks down on honey laundering as smuggler gangs cash in on bee crisis;
United States

BYLINE: Chris Ayres

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 31

LENGTH: 578 words


While scientists urgently investigate the sudden and inexplicable collapse of
bee colonies in America and Europe, "honey laundering" is taking over from money
laundering among international criminals.

As the name suggests, the scam involves disguising drums of honey from China by
selling it to a third party, usually a distributor in another part of the world,
then repackaging it and re-exporting it.

An investigation by the Seattle Post Intelligencer found that several tons of
Chinese honey have passed through ports in Tacoma, Washington, and Long Beach,
California, this year after being fraudulently repackaged as the product of
Russia.

Other shipments have been routed through India, Malaysia, Australia, Indonesia,
and Thailand. In one particularly brazen case, drums of Chinese honey were
marked "Polish Light Amber Honey".

The elaborate subterfuge is to avoid health and safety checks, along with the
import fees, and other tariffs imposed by the United States and other countries
on Chinese food products "dumped" on the market at below the cost of production.

Elise Gagnon, president of Odem International, one of North America's largest
honey importers, told the Intelligencer: "There are more crooks than ever, and
it has become a real nasty business out there. They gamble and almost none get
caught. So they keep corrupting the system."

The country's National Honey Board says the United States is one of the world's
biggest honey consumers, buying up to 450 million pounds each year. With retail
prices currently at $4.39 a pound, that makes the industry worth almost $2
billion annually.

Before the sudden disappearance of bee colonies that began in 2006, a phenomenon
known as colony collapse disorder, the United States was able to produce almost
two thirds of the honey it consumed. Today that figure is closer to a third.

As harmless as honey laundering might sound, health officials say that unless
something is done, the problem could result in a repeat of the tainted baby milk
and pet food scandals that dominated headlines this year.

The reason dates back to 1997, when Chinese beehives were almost wiped out by a
bacterial epidemic. Instead of destroying the hives, beekeepers treated them
with chloramphenicol, a toxic antibiotic linked by the US Food and Drug
Administration and other health authorities around the world to aplastic
anaemia, a serious blood disorder.

The practice has since been outlawed in China but even today some Chinese honey
remains tainted, and random checks on shipments are still carried out at US
ports. Chloramphenicol is not the only problem with Chinese imports. Last year
health officials in Florida found traces of two other antibiotics, ciprofloxacin
and enrofloxacin, in honey and blends of honey syrup from China.

Environmentalists believe that finding a solution to colony collapse disorder is
the best way to stop Chinese honey imports, but some have accused the United
States Department of Agriculture of being too slow in committing funds to study
the phenomenon, the cause of which is suspected to be pesticides, pathogens, or
a lack of genetic diversity.

While the honey industry is relatively small, environmentalists say, the
consequences of a total collapse in bee populations could be devastating. A
recent study by the Journal of Economics found that the annual value of insect
pollination, of which bees make up a large part, was $215 billion, or about 9.5
per cent of global agriculture trade.

LOAD-DATE: December 31, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TIM


                    Copyright 2008 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              735 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Blade (Toledo, Ohio)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           December 5, 2012 Wednesday

Attorney general says Internet cafe businesses 'ripe for money-laundering'

BYLINE: Jim Provance, The Blade, Toledo, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 462 words


Dec. 05--COLUMBUS -- A bill that likely would put most Internet cafes using
electronic "sweepstakes" machines out of business is expected to clear its
legislative logjam today when a committee votes on the measure.

Attorney General Mike DeWine warned a House committee that doing nothing is not
an option.

"It is ripe for organized crime," he said. "It is ripe for money laundering. We
do know that some of the money is going not only out of the state of Ohio, but
at least some of it is going overseas. We know that for a fact.

"So as attorney general, quite frankly, my hands are tied until you untie them,"
Mr. DeWine said. "Law enforcement's hands are tied until you untie them.
Whatever you do, please do something."

Opponents of the cafes argue that the sweepstakes machines look and operate like
slot machines that are legal in Ohio only at its four voter-approved casinos.
Lawmakers also have sanctioned slotslike video lottery terminals at new
racetrack parlors as an extension of the lottery.

The General Assembly earlier this year put a moratorium on the opening of any
sweepstakes cafes through June 30 and required businesses to register with the
state. More than 800 did.

As amended on Tuesday by the House Judiciary and Ethics Committee, House Bill
605 would prohibit cash payouts and cap the value of prizes at $10. That could
lead most of these businesses to decide it's not worth it, said the bill's
sponsor, Rep. Matt Huffman (R., Lima).

"This is the fundamental question," he said. "Do we want to have for-profit
gambling throughout the state of Ohio? There's only one other state that does
that, and that's Nevada."

Rep. Tom Letson (D., Warren) said the measure looks like a "casino-protection"
or "racetrack-protection" bill.

"If that's the kind of myth that we are going to tell ourselves, that we are
going to this end of it because this end of it is better, why don't we just
license and tax these and put that money to good use?" he asked. "When did we
become anti-job, because that's kind of what this does?"

Elaine and Roger Ribby of East Toledo, who patronize a local Internet cafe, made
the trip to Columbus to listen to Tuesday's testimony.

"It's a smoke-free, alcohol-free environment because I don't smoke and I don't
drink," Mrs. Ribby said. "I hide out from the kids and grandkids there. It
created a lot of jobs in our community. We need jobs there bad. It's a nice
place to go and relax."

She took issue with the suggestion that the machines are gambling, because she
is not paid in cash winnings but rather in additional Internet and long-distance
phone minutes.

"We're not playing," she said. "We're using phone time."

___ (c)2012 The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) Visit The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) at
www.toledoblade.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: December 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20121205-TO-Attorney-general-says-Internet-cafe-businesses-ripe-for-money-
laundering-1205-20121205

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TO


                            Copyright 2012 The Blade

                              736 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Australian

                            November 26, 2010 Friday
                         1 - All-round Country Edition

Top US Republican facing life in prison

SECTION: WORLD; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 299  words


AUSTIN, TEXAS: The aggression that made Tom DeLay one of the most powerful
Republican members of the US congress also proved to be his downfall yesterday
when a jury convicted him on two charges that could send him to prison for
decades.

Jurors deliberated for 19 hours before returning guilty verdicts on charges of
money laundering and conspiracy to commit money laundering in a scheme to
illegally funnel corporate money to Texas candidates in 2002.

The former house majority leader faces up to life in prison on the money
laundering charge, although prosecutors had yet to recommend a sentence.

After the verdicts were read, DeLay hugged his daughter Danielle and his wife,
Christine. He whispered into his daughter's ear that he could not get a fair
trial in Austin. DeLay had unsuccessfully tried to get the trial moved out of
Austin, the most liberal city in one of the most Republican states. DeLay's lead
lawyer, Dick DeGuerin, said they planned to appeal.

``This is an abuse of power. It's a miscarriage of justice, and I still maintain
that I am innocent. The criminalisation of politics undermines our very system
and I'm very disappointed in the outcome,'' DeLay said outside court.

He remains free on bond, and several witnesses were expected to be called during
the punishment phase of his trial, scheduled to begin on December 20.

Prosecutors said DeLay, who once held the No 2 job in the House of
Representatives and whose tough tactics earned him the nickname ``the Hammer'',
used his political action committee to illegally channel $US190,000 in corporate
donations into 2002 Texas legislative races through a money swap.

DeLay and his lawyers maintained the former Houston-area congressman did nothing
wrong as no corporate funds went to Texas candidates and the money swap was
legal.

LOAD-DATE: November 25, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AUS


                   Copyright 2010 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              737 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

               October 20, 1992, Tuesday, DAILY: TORONTO EDITION

Jordan to testify

SECTION: SECTION 4, INSIDE SPORT; Pg. 66, Sports Shorts

LENGTH: 56 words

DATELINE: Charlotte, NC


   NBA star Michael Jordan has been called to testify in the trial of James
(Slim) Bouler, who is charged with laundering drug money for a cocaine ring. The
Chicago Bulls star first said he gave Bouler a US$57,000 cheque to help build a
golf driving range. He was later quoted as saying the money was to pay off
gambling debts.


LOAD-DATE: November 6, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: GLOSSARY

                       Copyright 1992 Financial Post Ltd.

                              738 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily Regional Times

                              May 24, 2015 Sunday

Pakistani national convicted for drug conspiracy, money laundering in US

SECTION: Vol. VIII No. 861

LENGTH: 560  words


A Pakistani national has been convicted by a US court for running an
international drug trafficking scheme and committing money laundering crimes
that he carried out with his partners based in countries like India and
Pakistan. Aijaz Sarfraz, a resident of Karachi, who was arrested in 2012, has
been found guilty of conspiracy to manufacture and distribute controlled
substances and international money laundering crimes. A Texas court convicted
him last week for his role in illegally importing and distributing millions of
counterfeit pills throughout the US.

Sarfraz, 49, was found guilty on two charges, conspiracy to manufacture and
distribute controlled substances and an international money laundering
conspiracy, according to officials with the US Attorney's Office. Related US
Magistrate Judge Don Bush yesterday granted a preliminary order of forfeiture,
awarding the government more than $38.9 million based on a portion of the
proceeds earned through the illegal venture between 2009 and 2012. He faces up
to 20 years in federal prison on each of the two charges. A sentencing date has
not been set. According to information presented in court, Sarfraz and his
co-conspirators operated numerous illegal websites through which they
distributed millions of illicit controlled substances to Internet customers
throughout the United States. Those pills included popular prescription
medications as OxyContin, Percocet, Adderall, Ritalin, Hydrocodone, Xanax,
Valium, Ambien among others. The counterfeit drugs were generally manufactured
in China, Singapore, Malaysia, India, Pakistan and Hong Kong. The pills, which
were made to look like authentic prescription medications approved for use in
the US when validly prescribed by a physician, often contained incorrect active
pharmaceutical ingredients or the wrong quantity and dosage strength of those
substances. No physicians or medical professionals of any kind were involved at
any stage of the drug distribution process. Anyone with access to the Internet,
a credit card and a physical mailing address could order drugs from the criminal
organisation without a prescription or limits on quantity desired. According to
Justice Department key members of the group operated in Pakistan, India, the
United Arab Emirates, and other foreign countries.

Bulk pill shipments containing 25,000 to 50,000 or more pills at a time were
shipped to ground operatives living in the US, who would re-ship the pills to
co-conspirators operating in other parts of the country and fulfil Internet drug
orders by drop-shipping individual pill bottles to Internet customers. Evidence
presented at trial established that the drug trafficking organisation was
capable of distributing upwards of 1 million pills or more per month on an
average. This is believed to be one of the largest cases of its kind ever
prosecuted in the United States in terms of pill quantities involved. Sarfraz
and other conspirators also caused money to be moved back into the US through
foreign banks and shell companies for the purpose of funding US operations by,
for example, purchasing bulk pill bottles, postage and other shipping supplies,
as well as paying ground operatives. It is estimated that the criminal
enterprise may have generated as much as $100 million or more in proceeds
between 2009 and 2012, the Justice Department said.

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2015 Regional Times
                              All Rights Reserved

                              739 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 17, 2014 Thursday

Senior Fraud Investigator Job

LENGTH: 717  words


Washington, D.C.: American Bankers Association has issued the following news
release:

Senior Fraud Investigator Job
Job ID:  19185539
Position Title:  Senior Fraud Investigator Job
Company Name:  Comerica Incorporated
Location(s):  Livonia, Michigan, 48150, United States

Posted:  July 16, 2014
Job Function:  Banking
Entry Level:  No
APPLY FOR THIS JOB
Apply URL:  http://jobs.comerica.com/job/Livonia-Senior-Fraud-...
Save Job  Email Job  Print Job
Job Description
Senior Fraud Investigator-1402756

Anti-Money Laundering Compliance Analyst

We invite you to explore the award-winning culture, people, rewards and
opportunities that make Comerica Bank so special. Make your next career choice a
confident one. The Anti-Money Laundering Compliance Analyst is responsible for
reviewing and researching transaction activity to determine if additional
investigation is required.

Position Competencies

Successful incumbents are creative, make good decisions, possess strong problem
solving skills, deal with ambiguity, have interpersonal savvy, build effective
relationships with peers and can manage their time well.

Reporting Informantion/Location

This Anti-Money Laundering Compliance Analyst position is located in Livonia, MI
and reports to the Vice President, Anti-Money Laundering Operations Manager.
This position has no direct reports.

Position Responsibilities
1.Review and research transaction activity to determine if activity warrants the
filing of a Suspicious Activity Report.
2. Investigate, research and prepare documentation related to the investigations
of money laundering. This is accomplished by performing a detailed review of
data generated from automated systems designed for detection of potential
criminal activity and suspicious activity reporting purposes.
3. Communicate with branch offices and business units to obtain information
regarding customers and their transaction activity.
4. Gather and maintain support documentation relating to Suspicious Activity
Reports.
5. Work with the Fraud Services staff to facilitate the detection and reporting
of money laundering activity.
6. Assist with implementing upgrades to automated systems.
7. Develop a working understanding of automated alert systems and their unique
report parameters.
8. Provide education with respect to various anti-money laundering schemes and
characteristics.

Total Rewards

We know that our employees are critical to our overall success. We are dedicated
to investing in their future to maintain long-term relationships for lasting
commitments. One of the ways we do this is to offer a comprehensive package of
compensation and benefits programs which are regularly reviewed to maintain them
at competitive levels. Your salary will be commensurate with your work
experience.

Relocation

Relocation assistance is not provided for this position.

Travel

Travel is not required of this position.

Qualifications
- Bachelor's degree from an accredited university or 6 years of financial
services experience
- 4 years of financial services experience
- 1 year experience in MS Office and local area networks (i.e. Lotus Notes,
Hogan)
- 1 year experience with basic banking systems (i.e. currency transaction
reporting, customer information and transaction based systems)
- 1 year Federal Banking Regulation (Bank Secrecy Act/Patriot Act) experience

Comerica Incorporated (NYSE: CMA) is a financial services company headquartered
in Dallas, Texas, and strategically aligned by the Business Bank, the Retail
Bank, and Wealth Management. Comerica's more than 9,000 colleagues focus on
relationships, and helping people and businesses be successful. In addition to
Texas, Comerica Bank locations can be found in Arizona, California, Florida and
Michigan, with select businesses operating in several other states, as well as
in Canada and Mexico.

Upon offer, Comerica conducts a comprehensive background check and a drug test.
Additionally, a fingerprint check is completed.

Comerica is proud to be an Equal Opportunity
Employer-Minority/Female/Disability/Veteran, committed to workplace diversity.

Primary Location: US-MI-Livonia
Job: Risk/Audit/Fraud/Corporate Security
Schedule: Full-time
Shift: Day Shift

Work Hours (Example: 8:00am - 5:00pm Monday - Friday): 8:00am - 5:00pm Monday -
Friday

Travel
: No

For more information please visit: http://www.aba.com

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              740 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     March 10, 2000, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Money-laundering bill called flawed Diplomacy would prevail over tough action,
senator says

BYLINE: Thomas A. Fogarty

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 2B

LENGTH: 384 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON -- A Clinton administration proposal to stem offshore
money laundering wouldn't do the job, Sen. Charles Schumer, D-N.Y.,
said Thursday.

Schumer testified before the House Banking Committee, which is
expected to act on bipartisan legislation aimed at shutting down
banking havens around the globe. The targets are so-called brass-plate
banks in places such as the Bahamas or Cayman Islands.


The banks move ill-gotten money into the banking mainstream for
criminals, terrorists and corrupt officials.

The administration wants authority to respond to specific countries
or individual transactions that hint at money laundering by severing
business relationships between U.S. banks and the offshore banks.

The administration also wants to mine information about transactions
from U.S. banks, including identities of the foreign owners of
U.S. accounts.

Deputy Treasury Secretary Stuart Eizenstat said the proposal is
part of a strategy to "eliminate the scourge of money laundering."

Schumer said the bill is flawed because the decision whether to
act would be made on a case-by-case basis by the Treasury secretary
after consulting Cabinet officials, including the secretary of
State. As a result, Schumer said, tough action would be sacrificed
to diplomacy.

"When the State Department argues against cutting off the Bahamas
by saying we'll lose their vote in the United Nations, that argument
will almost always prevail," Schumer said.

He and a bipartisan group of House and Senate members, including
House Banking Committee Chairman Jim Leach, R-Iowa, have been
touting legislation that would automatically shut down business
between U.S. banks and counterparts in nations where regulation
is lax and transactions are shrouded in secrecy.

The bill would obligate U.S. banks to know the business of foreign
customers just as they must now know the business of domestic
customers.

Leach also said he has backed off plans to subpoena former Bank
of New York executive Lucy Edwards and her husband, Peter Berlin,
who have pleaded guilty to federal charges in connection with
the laundering of $ 7 billion from Russia. Law enforcement officials
told Leach that congressional testimony could interfere with cases
against others.

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, AP; A strategy: Deputy Treasury Secretary Stuart Eizenstat
says the bill is intended to help 'wipe out the scourge of money laundering.'

                      Copyright 2000 Gannett Company, Inc.

                              741 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                          The Daily Telegraph (London)

                            August 8, 2012 Wednesday
                                   Edition 2;
                                National Edition

Call for money-laundering inquiry

BYLINE: Helia Ebrahimi

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 21

LENGTH: 218 words


PARLIAMENT should launch a far-reaching investigation into money-laundering to
protect UK banks from a growing "anti-British" bias in the US, according to an
influential member of the Treasury Select Committee.

John Mann MP has called for a formal inquiry based in the UK that would be
"unbiased and fair" in the aftermath of US allegations about Standard Chartered.

"We don't want to whitewash any potential problems with UK banks but money
laundering is not a British problem," said Mr Mann. "American banks are doing
the same and worse and there are numerous US banks involved in drugs cases in US
courts. So, what we have here is a clear political agenda that has merged with a
domestic American agenda to shift financial markets from London to New York."

Boris Johnson, the Mayor of London, also warned that regulation in New York
should not become "a self-interested attack on London's status as the
pre-eminent financial centre."

Last month, HSBC was accused by a US Senate committee of facilitating money
laundering.

Mr Mann said the UK Government needed to "respond" to the growing international
problem of money laundering by investigating the problem with a balanced
political view.

Standard Chartered, which yesterday defended its position, said it did not
believe it was necessary to conduct a UK inquiry.

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DTL


                  Copyright 2012 Telegraph Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              742 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 24, 2014 Saturday

Washington: Laredo Couple Enter Pleas in Mexican Mafia Case

LENGTH: 367  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Department of Justice, The Government of USA has issued the following news
release:

Carlos Contreras, 33, and his wife Ana Rosa Contreras, 31, have entered guilty
pleas in relation to a massive drug trafficking and money laundering case
involving members of the Texas Mexican Mafia prison gang, announced United
States Attorney Kenneth Magidson.

The two Laredo residents were charged along with several other members and
associates of the Texas Mexican Mafia in an indictment alleging conspiracy to
possess with intent to distribute heroin, cocaine and methamphetamine and money
laundering.

Carlos Contreras entered a plea today to conspiracy to possess with the intent
to distribute 10 kilograms of heroin, while his wife pleaded guilty to money
laundering. Both have admitted to purchasing their residence in the prestigious
Lakeside subdivision with the proceeds of drug sales. As a result of their
pleas, the government is seeking the forfeiture of the residence, valued at more
than $300,000.

Mr. Contreras faces a minimum of 10 years and up to life in prison as well as a
possible $10 million fine. His wife could receive up to a maximum of 20 years in
federal prison and $500,000 fine, or twice the pecuniary gain.

To date, the 21 defendants arrested thus far in the investigation have all
entered guilty pleas before U.S. Magistrate Judge Guillermo R. Garcia and are
pending sentencing at varying times before U.S. District Judge Diana Saldana.
The indictment remains sealed as to those charged but not as yet in custody.

The indictment is part of an Organized Crime Drug Enforcement Task Force
(OCDETF) investigation named "Operation X3," investigated by the FBI, Drug
Enforcement Administration, Homeland Security Investigations and Internal
Revenue Service - Criminal Investigation. They were assisted at different times
by the U.S. Marshals Service, police departments in Laredo, Austin and San
Marcos, Customs and Border Protection, Texas Department of Public Safety -
Criminal Investigations Division and the LaSalle County Sheriff's Office. The
case is being prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorneys Andy Guardiola and James
Hepburn.

For more information please visit: http://www.justice.gov

LOAD-DATE: May 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              743 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Pittsburgh Post-Gazette (Pennsylvania)

                            July 30, 2008 Wednesday
                                 SOONER EDITION

OTHER LAWMAKERS CHARGED WITH CRIMES SINCE 2000

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. A-1

LENGTH: 171 words


Sen. Larry Craig, R-Idaho, arrested in a bathroom sex sting at Minneapolis
airport, pleaded guilty to disorderly conduct.

Rep. Rick Renzi, R-Ariz., charged with extortion, wire fraud, money laundering,
other crimes in Arizona land swap.

Rep. William Jefferson, D-La., charged with racketeering, soliciting bribes and
money laundering in connection with business deals in Africa.

Former Rep. Tom DeLay, R-Texas, charged with felony money laundering and
conspiracy in connection with Republican fundraising efforts.

Former Rep. Bob Ney, R-Ohio, pleaded guilty to conspiracy and making false
statements in trading political favors for gifts and campaign donations from
lobbyist Jack Abramoff.

Former Rep. Randy Cunningham, R-Calif., pleaded guilty to collecting $2.4
million in homes, yachts, antique furnishings and other bribes in a corruption
scheme.

Rep. William Janklow, R-S.D., convicted of vehicular homicide after his car
struck and killed a motorcyclist.

Rep. James Traficant, D-Ohio, convicted of racketeering and accepting bribes.

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 P.G. Publishing Co.

                              744 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

             February 21, 2002, Thursday, 0 South Pinellas Edition

Where cash launderers can meet their hunters

BYLINE: CHUCK MURPHY

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 845 words

DATELINE: MIAMI BEACH



A walk through the cavernous banquet room at the Fontainebleau Hotel offers a
clear indication that this is not your typical South Florida convention.

For starters, not everyone wears a name tag. And among the convention materials
is the slogan "You can't play the game if you don't know the rules."

The game is money laundering. And, starting Wednesday, the Fontainebleau became
a headquarters of sorts for those who do it and those who want to catch those
who do it.

Turning ill-gotten gains into legitimate cash is as old as money itself, but the
attacks of Sept. 11 and the legislation that followed have changed the landscape
for everyone from bankers to travel agents.

So more than 800 people have come here, to a town that became synonymous with
money laundering in the cocaine cartel-fueled 1980s, for the Seventh Annual
International Money Laundering Conference.

They are gathered in a hotel trapped in time somewhere between Jackie Gleason
and Meyer Lansky. A place where every U.S. president since Dwight Eisenhower has
stayed, but also where mobsters mingled with strippers in the infamous "Boom
Boom Room" of the 1970s.

The conference guest list includes investigators from as close as Miami and as
far away as Scotland Yard. There are bankers from Macedonia and money exchangers
from Haiti. And, according to conference host Charles Intriago, there are
undoubtedly a few among those who paid $ 1,500 in tuition who would rather not
flaunt their identities.

"What? You get a crowd of 900 here, they're not all going to be Mother Teresa,"
said Intriago, a Ecuador-born Miami lawyer who founded a newsletter on money
laundering issues in 1989 and has watched it grow beyond his imagination.

He explained that his conference serves a legitimate purpose: educating banks,
police and the public on the latest in money laundering techniques and laws.
Anything he and his panels of government and retired-government experts teach
has already been exploited by the bad guys, Intriago said.

"Ivan Boesky read the Wall Street Journal, didn't he?" Intriago asked, referring
to the notorious inside trader of the 1980s. "All we do is provide information,
just like the Wall Street Journal. Only with a much smaller circulation."

Back in 1989, when Intriago first put out his Money Laundering Alert newsletter,
his friends thought he was crazy.

"It's a fad, they said," Intriago recalled. "This will all pass and you're going
to lose your shirt."

But the art of money laundering, and a desire to track those who try to hide the
proceeds of crime, flourished. After revelations that the Sept. 11 hijackers had
easily moved money into and out of U.S. banks, including Florida's SunTrust,
Congress and several states passed laws that force broad new responsibilities on
banks and, for the first time, securities dealers.

In his resort-casual shirt and hoop earrings, Ronald Roberts stands out among
the blue suits and wing tips at Seminar 3: "Money Laundering in the Securities
Industry."

But Roberts, compliance officer for Chase Bank in the U.S. Virgin Islands, is
all business.

"I had to come to keep up with the developments since Sept. 11," Roberts said.
"We really have to be on the lookout more than ever now."

As a result of the USA Patriot Act, enacted and signed in October, banks,
stockbrokers and even jewelry stores and boat dealers will be required to take a
more active role in recognizing and reporting large cash transactions and
suspicious patterns.

Those changes are still being drafted at agencies like the Department of the
Treasury, the IRS and the National Association of Securities Dealers, but
retired IRS agent Michael R. McDonald nicely summed up the new responsibilities
for a crowd of 600 at his seminar, "Basic Training on Money Laundering":

"If you think that transaction stinks, it stinks."

In the exhibition hall, Tom Spillane was hoping to get some legitimate business
out of the conference.

Spillane sells money laundering detection systems for a British company, Retail
Decisions PLC. He can go on at some length about custom account profiling,
unusual activity reports and things called neural networks, which mimic the
human brain in detecting how money launderers change tactics.

But, when it comes to knowing whether the customer who might pose as a bank
executive to purchase his software is really a terrorist or a drug dealer,
Spillane acknowledges that there is no way for him to tell.

"Well, we don't know that without doing some due diligence on the customer. What
we have is a tool. And it is just one tool," Spillane said.

Outside, at a beachside cocktail reception on the Fontainebleau's expansive
lawn, Jean Claude Saliba picked through his ziti and looked out at the crowd.

"I guess we all come here for the same reason," said Saliba, who works for a
subsidiary of Unibank Haiti. "After Sept. 11, you have to be in good shape in
your business. The rules are getting tougher and tougher."

- Times researchers Caryn Baird, Cathy Wos and Mary Mellstrom contributed to
this report.


LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 2002 Times Publishing Company

                              745 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             May 8, 2013 Wednesday
                                 Met 2 Edition

Ofï¬cer charged with money laundering

BYLINE: Peter Hermann

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B03

LENGTH: 441 words


A D.C. police officer was charged Tuesday with money laundering in connection
with an alleged drug-trafficking scheme in the Pittsburgh and Baltimore areas.
Federal authorities say more than $2 million in proceeds from cocaine was
hidden.

Officer Jared K. Weinberg, 28, was taken into custody Monday at the 4th District
police station, according to a department spokeswoman. The charges in a
complaint filed in U.S. District Court in Pittsburgh allege a broad conspiracy
that includes meetings in which prosecutors say large amounts of cash were
exchanged at apartment buildings in Howard County and at the Mall in Columbia.

Authorities said the allegations predate the officer's time on the D.C. force.
The investigation appears to have begun before Weinberg was hired in February
2012.

Gwendolyn Crump, a D.C. police spokeswoman, said that because information about
the investigation was kept confidential by federal authorities, it did not
surface in background checks made during the hiring process. The officer does
not have a criminal record in Maryland or the District. Neither he nor his
attorney could be reached to comment.

Crump said that Weinberg has been put on administrative leave and that his
police powers have been suspended. He was released on his own recognizance at a
hearing in federal court in Washington on Tuesday and ordered to report to the
federal Pretrial Services Agency in Pittsburgh by Friday.

Weinberg, who at the time of the allegations in 2010 and 2011 earned a $6,500
salary as a lifeguard at a fitness club in Elkridge, is one of more than a dozen
defendants named in a drug- and money-laundering case that includes his father,
according to court documents.

Federal prosecutors allege that Weinberg helped hide profits from the operation
by setting up accounts at 29 banks in Baltimore, Chicago and New York in which
305 deposits were made totaling $1.8 million. In addition, officials say,
alleged drug money was used to pay for apartments in Columbia, Elkridge and
Pikesville for members of the group, including Weinberg.

Some of the defendants have been charged with drug counts, while others face
money-laundering charges. A spokeswoman for the U.S. attorney's office for the
Western District of Pennsylvania said all the cases are pending. Some of the
charges were filed months ago, and those cases are in the pretrial-motion phase.

The criminal complaint says the suspected drug supplier enlisted the help of the
Weinbergs and others to "rent apartments in the Baltimore, Maryland area . . .
used during his frequent trips to Baltimore to conduct the business of his
cocaine enterprise."

peter.hermann@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2013 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved

                              746 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                            March 18, 2006 Saturday
                              2 Late Tampa Edition

Jury convicts Texan of bribing federal agent

SECTION: TAMPA & STATE; Pg. 6B

LENGTH: 304 words

DATELINE: TAMPA


Fidencio Estrada wanted to know if he was being investigated for drugs. He
wanted to know if there were any outstanding warrants in his name. He wanted
help bringing his family to the United States. He wanted protection from law
enforcement.

According to a federal jury, he paid for all of this with bribes.

The jurors found Estrada, 37, of Roma, Texas, guilty of bribing a federal agent
and money laundering. He was convicted Thursday on 17 counts, including
conspiracy to commit bribery, bribery, conspiracy to commit money laundering and
money laundering.

He will be sentenced June 23 and faced as much as 40 years in prison and
$750,000 in fines.

According to testimony and evidence presented at trial, Estrada paid at least
$11,000 between December 1999 and 2000 to Rafael Francisco Pacheco Jr., who was
a co-defendant. At the time, Pacheco was a U.S. Customs Service special agent
operating out of Tampa who enforced federal narcotics and money laundering laws.

Estrada used other people to send the bribes using Western Union money transfers
from Texas to Pacheco in Tampa, structuring the payments so Estrada's identity
was concealed. In return, prosecutors said, Pacheco illegally used access to a
restricted law enforcement database to see if Estrada was being investigated.

Pacheco also told several law enforcement officers that Estrada was an informant
to get Estrada's family visas to enter the United States. Labeling Estrada an
informant - which he was not - also shielded him from drug arrests.

Pacheco pleaded guilty Dec. 7 to all 27 counts against him, including conspiracy
to commit bribery, bribery, obstruction of justice, conspiracy to commit money
laundering, money laundering, misusing a federal computer database and making
false statements to federal law enforcement officers. He will be sentenced this
month.

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2006 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved

                              747 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 22, 2014 Wednesday

Texas: Head of the Gulf Cartel Appears in Beaumont Federal Court on Drug
Trafficking Charges

LENGTH: 694  words

DATELINE: Austin


United States Attorney's Office for the Eastern District of Texas has issued the
following press release:

U.S. Attorney John M. Bales announced today that the current head of the Mexican
drug trafficking organization, the Gulf Cartel, or Cartel del Golfo, has made an
initial appearance in the Eastern District of Texas on drug trafficking charges.

Juan Francisco Saenz-Tamez, 23, of Camargo, Tamaulipas, Mexico, was arrested by
federal agents on Oct. 9, 2014 while shopping in Edinburg, Texas.

A federal investigation into the large-scale trafficking of illegal drugs from
Mexico into the Eastern District of Texas led to the identity of Saenz-Tamez.
The investigation revealed thousands of kilograms of cocaine and marijuana were
shipped into the Eastern District of Texas and then to locations across the
nation, including Florida, Ohio, Michigan, Mississippi, Louisiana, Washington
D.C., Pennsylvania, Tennessee, Maryland and Georgia.

Saenz-Tamez was indicted by a federal grand jury on Sep. 5, 2013 and charged
with conspiracy with intent to distribute cocaine, conspiracy with intent to
distribute marijuana, and conspiracy to money launder.  Saenz-Tamez was
transported from McAllen, Texas to Beaumont where he appeared before U.S.
Magistrate Judge Zack Hawthorn for a detention hearing and initial appearance
today.

If convicted, Saenz-Tamez faces a minimum of 10 years and up to life in federal
prison for the drug charges and up to 20 years in federal prison for the money
laundering charge.

"The news that Juan Saenz-Tamez has been arrested is further proof that justice
is prevailing in Mexico," said U.S. Attorney Bales.  "I am encouraged that the
efforts of so many law enforcement officers are now paying off. Congratulations
to them and I look forward to seeing Saenz-Tamez answer for his crimes in a
Beaumont courtroom."

"Juan Francisco Saenz-Tamez became the head of the Gulf Cartel following the
2013 arrest of former leader Mario Ramirez-Trevino," said DEA Administrator
Michele M. Leonhart. "He moved steadily up the cartel ranks, working as a
lookout, record keeper, plaza boss, and finally its leader. Thanks to the quick
actions of DEA and our local partners, we were able to identify and safely
arrest Saenz-Tamez while he was in the United States.  He oversaw much of the
violence and bloodshed that has plagued Mexico and DEA is pleased he will face
justice in the United States."

"The arrest of Juan Francisco Saenz-Tamez, will put a stop to his role in the
distribution of illegal drugs and the laundering of drug proceeds," said IRS-CI
Special Agent in Charge Lucy Cruz.  "Laundering their profits is as important
and essential to drug traffickers as the distribution of their illegal drugs.
IRS CI is proud to provide assistance as we work alongside our law enforcement
partners to bring these criminals to justice."

This case is the result of ongoing Organized Crime Drug Enforcement Task Force
(OCDETF) joint investigations, Operation South Park, Operation La Mano Negra,
Operation Frontera Chica and Operation Iceberg.  The principal mission of the
OCDETF program is to identify, disrupt and dismantle the most serious drug
trafficking, weapons trafficking and money laundering organizations, and those
primarily responsible for the nation's illegal drug supply.

This joint law enforcement investigation was led by the U.S. Drug Enforcement
Administration and Homeland Security Investigations, Internal Revenue Service -
Criminal Investigation, United States Marshals Service, Texas Department of
Public Safety, Texas Attorney General's Office, National Guard of Texas - Joint
Counterdrug, Beaumont Police Department, Houston Police Department, Nacogdoches
Police Department,  Jefferson County Sheriff's Office, and the Harris County
Sheriff's Office.  This case is being prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorney John
Craft.

A grand jury indictment is not evidence of guilt.  All defendants are presumed
innocent until proven guilty beyond a reasonable doubt in a court of law.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              748 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 21, 2014 Tuesday

Texas: Head of the Gulf Cartel Appears in Beaumont Federal Court on Drug
Trafficking Charges

LENGTH: 694  words

DATELINE: Austin


United States Attorney's Office for the Eastern District of Texas has issued the
following press release:

U.S. Attorney John M. Bales announced today that the current head of the Mexican
drug trafficking organization, the Gulf Cartel, or Cartel del Golfo, has made an
initial appearance in the Eastern District of Texas on drug trafficking charges.

Juan Francisco Saenz-Tamez, 23, of Camargo, Tamaulipas, Mexico, was arrested by
federal agents on Oct. 9, 2014 while shopping in Edinburg, Texas.

A federal investigation into the large-scale trafficking of illegal drugs from
Mexico into the Eastern District of Texas led to the identity of Saenz-Tamez.
The investigation revealed thousands of kilograms of cocaine and marijuana were
shipped into the Eastern District of Texas and then to locations across the
nation, including Florida, Ohio, Michigan, Mississippi, Louisiana, Washington
D.C., Pennsylvania, Tennessee, Maryland and Georgia.

Saenz-Tamez was indicted by a federal grand jury on Sep. 5, 2013 and charged
with conspiracy with intent to distribute cocaine, conspiracy with intent to
distribute marijuana, and conspiracy to money launder.  Saenz-Tamez was
transported from McAllen, Texas to Beaumont where he appeared before U.S.
Magistrate Judge Zack Hawthorn for a detention hearing and initial appearance
today.

If convicted, Saenz-Tamez faces a minimum of 10 years and up to life in federal
prison for the drug charges and up to 20 years in federal prison for the money
laundering charge.

"The news that Juan Saenz-Tamez has been arrested is further proof that justice
is prevailing in Mexico," said U.S. Attorney Bales.  "I am encouraged that the
efforts of so many law enforcement officers are now paying off. Congratulations
to them and I look forward to seeing Saenz-Tamez answer for his crimes in a
Beaumont courtroom."

"Juan Francisco Saenz-Tamez became the head of the Gulf Cartel following the
2013 arrest of former leader Mario Ramirez-Trevino," said DEA Administrator
Michele M. Leonhart. "He moved steadily up the cartel ranks, working as a
lookout, record keeper, plaza boss, and finally its leader. Thanks to the quick
actions of DEA and our local partners, we were able to identify and safely
arrest Saenz-Tamez while he was in the United States.  He oversaw much of the
violence and bloodshed that has plagued Mexico and DEA is pleased he will face
justice in the United States."

"The arrest of Juan Francisco Saenz-Tamez, will put a stop to his role in the
distribution of illegal drugs and the laundering of drug proceeds," said IRS-CI
Special Agent in Charge Lucy Cruz.  "Laundering their profits is as important
and essential to drug traffickers as the distribution of their illegal drugs.
IRS CI is proud to provide assistance as we work alongside our law enforcement
partners to bring these criminals to justice."

This case is the result of ongoing Organized Crime Drug Enforcement Task Force
(OCDETF) joint investigations, Operation South Park, Operation La Mano Negra,
Operation Frontera Chica and Operation Iceberg.  The principal mission of the
OCDETF program is to identify, disrupt and dismantle the most serious drug
trafficking, weapons trafficking and money laundering organizations, and those
primarily responsible for the nation's illegal drug supply.

This joint law enforcement investigation was led by the U.S. Drug Enforcement
Administration and Homeland Security Investigations, Internal Revenue Service -
Criminal Investigation, United States Marshals Service, Texas Department of
Public Safety, Texas Attorney General's Office, National Guard of Texas - Joint
Counterdrug, Beaumont Police Department, Houston Police Department, Nacogdoches
Police Department,  Jefferson County Sheriff's Office, and the Harris County
Sheriff's Office.  This case is being prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorney John
Craft.

A grand jury indictment is not evidence of guilt.  All defendants are presumed
innocent until proven guilty beyond a reasonable doubt in a court of law.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              749 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Advertiser

                            January 18, 1993 Monday

Chief suspect in drug haul brought back

BYLINE: CINDY WOCKNER

LENGTH: 399 words


CANBERRA: A former Sydney resident allegedly at the centre of a huge money
laundering scam and $77 million drug haul will be extradited to Sydney tomorrow
from the United States.

It is alleged the former gold trader and US national, who had lived on Sydney's
north shore, laundered some of the proceeds of a $77 million cannabis
importation by selling gold bullion in Hong Kong.

Fabio Benjamin (Ben) Garcia, 55, was arrested by the FBI in Los Angeles last
August on behalf of the National Crime Authority, after what is believed to be
the biggest money laundering probe undertaken by Australia.

The arrest followed FBI raids on Garcia's Californian home and simultaneous NCA
raids on Sydney business premises.

Garcia will be charged with money laundering offences and conspiring with others
to launder part of the proceeds of a 10-tonne cannabis importation into
Australia in 1989.

An NCA spokeswoman said the authority applied for Garcia's extradition last year
and a San Francisco hearing had ordered the extradition go ahead.

Garcia's arrest and extradition follows a three-year NCA investigation involving
law enforcement bodies in the US, Canada, the United Kingdom, France, Hong Kong,
Pakistan, United Arab Emirates, Netherlands, Switzerland, Vanuatu and Singapore.

Four others allegedly involved in the scam have been committed for trial on
major money laundering and drug charges.

The NCA estimates about $2.5 billion is made out of drugs or "black crime" each
year in Australia and about $1.8 billion of that is available to be laundered.

A 1991 NCA report into money laundering highlighted the attractiveness of
laundering money through the gold industry.

The report called for tough regulations for gold bullion dealers.

It said that gold was a good way to launder money because no restrictions exist
on the sale or purchase of bullion in Australia and gold bullion can be moved in
or out of the country with no requirement to report to Customs.

The NCA found the major ways to launder money through gold were: FALSELY
claiming funds had come from gold mining, involving the purchase of a mining
lease and then the theft or purchase of gold, which is then melted down to
resemble natural gold. This gold is then sold as the product of a mining lease.

PURCHASING gold bullion and shipping it overseas, with the funds returned as a
legitimate income.

LOAD-DATE: November 28, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: ADV

                   Copyright 1993 Nationwide News Pty Limited

                              750 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Advertiser

                            January 18, 1993 Monday

Chief suspect in drug haul brought back

BYLINE: CINDY WOCKNER

LENGTH: 399 words


CANBERRA: A former Sydney resident allegedly at the centre of a huge money
laundering scam and $77 million drug haul will be extradited to Sydney tomorrow
from the United States.

It is alleged the former gold trader and US national, who had lived on Sydney's
north shore, laundered some of the proceeds of a $77 million cannabis
importation by selling gold bullion in Hong Kong.

Fabio Benjamin (Ben) Garcia, 55, was arrested by the FBI in Los Angeles last
August on behalf of the National Crime Authority, after what is believed to be
the biggest money laundering probe undertaken by Australia.

The arrest followed FBI raids on Garcia's Californian home and simultaneous NCA
raids on Sydney business premises.

Garcia will be charged with money laundering offences and conspiring with others
to launder part of the proceeds of a 10-tonne cannabis importation into
Australia in 1989.

An NCA spokeswoman said the authority applied for Garcia's extradition last year
and a San Francisco hearing had ordered the extradition go ahead.

Garcia's arrest and extradition follows a three-year NCA investigation involving
law enforcement bodies in the US, Canada, the United Kingdom, France, Hong Kong,
Pakistan, United Arab Emirates, Netherlands, Switzerland, Vanuatu and Singapore.

Four others allegedly involved in the scam have been committed for trial on
major money laundering and drug charges.

The NCA estimates about $2.5 billion is made out of drugs or "black crime" each
year in Australia and about $1.8 billion of that is available to be laundered.

A 1991 NCA report into money laundering highlighted the attractiveness of
laundering money through the gold industry.

The report called for tough regulations for gold bullion dealers.

It said that gold was a good way to launder money because no restrictions exist
on the sale or purchase of bullion in Australia and gold bullion can be moved in
or out of the country with no requirement to report to Customs.

The NCA found the major ways to launder money through gold were: FALSELY
claiming funds had come from gold mining, involving the purchase of a mining
lease and then the theft or purchase of gold, which is then melted down to
resemble natural gold. This gold is then sold as the product of a mining lease.

PURCHASING gold bullion and shipping it overseas, with the funds returned as a
legitimate income.

LOAD-DATE: November 28, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: ADV

                   Copyright 1993 Nationwide News Pty Limited

                              751 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                            Crain's Detroit Business

                            December 8, 2003, Monday

Canadian found guilty of fraud, money laundering

BYLINE: Robert Ankeny

SECTION: Pg. 31

LENGTH: 171 words


A federal court jury in Detroit has convicted a Canadian consultant of fraud and
money laundering in connection with his role in a fabricated textile cartel that
involved Ilene Moses, former clothing manufacturer and owner of SMS Inc. of
Detroit.

Lawrence Anderson of Vancouver, British Columbia, was found guilty after a
four-week trial before U.S. District Judge Patrick Duggan of wire fraud, mail
fraud, bank fraud, money laundering, conspiracy and lying to the FBI. Anderson
faces a prison term of up to 20 years and fines of $500,000. Sentencing is not
yet scheduled.

Evidence in the trial established that Anderson aided and abetted Moses,
formerly of Grosse Pointe, in defrauding Michigan National Bank and Swiss
Cantobank International out of about $26 million between 1983 and 1988,
officials said.

The fraud involved use of shell companies and phony paperwork which helped
Moses' business look real to auditors and bankers. Moses is in poor health and
her trial on the charges has been postponed.

LOAD-DATE: December 08, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 2003 Crain Communications, Inc.

                              752 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    November 9, 1993, Tuesday, FIRST EDITION

WRITER'S ROYALTY ON LINE?

BYLINE: Alex Pham

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 150 words


The National Writers Union says it is planning to sue some of the country's
biggest newspapers and computer information services to determine if writers
should be paid every time their materials are read or reproduced from electronic
sources. Writers now sell stories to newspapers, which then sell the stories to
on-line computer services.

MONEY LAUNDERING? A federal grand jury is investigating whether a current and a
former employee of American Express Bank International, Antonio Giraldi and
Lourdes Reategui, were involved in a $ 30 million drug money laundering case,
The Wall Street Journal reported Monday. The bank, a unit of American Express,
lends to wealthy customers and their businesses. Ricardo Aguirre-Villagomez was
charged in February with laundering money for a Mexican drug cartel; Giraldi and
Reategui are suspected of helping the alleged Mexican drug smuggler.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Moneyline

A QUICK READ ON THE TOP MONEY NEWS OF THE DAY

                      Copyright 1993 Gannett Company, Inc.

                              753 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Florida Banking Firm Hits Charges Of Drug-Related Cash Laundering

                          December 15, 1982, Wednesday

By MERWIN SIGALE

DATELINE: MIAMI


The indictment of Great American Bank of Dade County for participation in the
alleged laundering of narcotics-related profits was ''a disservice to both law
enforcement and the Miami banking community,'' the bank's parent holding company
said Tuesday.

In a statement, Great American Banks Inc., the holding company based in North
Miami, said the bank was ''a victim of the alleged money-laundering scheme which
occurred almost three years ago.''

''The inability of the U.S. Attorney and Internal Revenue Service to distinguish
between criminals and victims of crimes is regrettable,'' the statement added.
Along with the bank, three former officials of Great American Bank of Dade
County were indicted.

It was alleged that about $97 million in illegal drug money was laundered for
Colombian narcotic traffickers in 1980.

Pleads Not Guilty

Great American's lawyers entered a plea of not guilty Tuesday in United States
District Court in Miami.

The potential criminal fines against the bank could exceed $7 million. It was
the first time a Florida bank has been charged with complicity in the laundering
of drug money. The investigation was part of Operation Greenback, a multiagency
federal effort to crack down on this type of laundering.

The indictment of the bank has uncertain implications for the pending merger of
Great American Banks Inc. into Barnett Banks of Florida Inc., the second largest
bank holding company in Florida. That merger is awaiting federal and state
regulatory approval.

If such approval comes soon, Great American would cease to exist as a separate
entity next year, possibly before the pending prosecution can be completed.

Some attorneys familiar with banking and criminal law said prosecutors could
have a tougher time getting a conviction and substantial fines if the defendant
were Barnett and not Great American.

U.S. Attorney Stanley Marcus declined to say whether he has contacted the
regulatory agencies to ask for a delay of the merger decision. But Mr. Marcus
said he doubts that the merger would affect the government's case.

''Great American is the entity that's been indicted, and it will be the entity
prosecuted,'' he said. He also said the indictment raises no threat to
depositor's accounts at Great American.

Barnett Didn't Expect Indictment

Great American Banks is headed by Marvin L. Warner, the Cincinnati financier and
former U.S. Ambassador to Switzerland.  Mr. Warner also controls ComBanks Inc.,
a bank holding company in Winter Park, Fla.

In the merger agreement, Barnett agreed to accept liability for criminal and
civil litigation pending against Great American at the time of the merger.

''We were aware of the investigation, but we didn't expect the bank to be
indicted,'' said Stephen A. Hansel, Barnett's executive vice president and chief
financial officer. ''Information we have indicates the bank will be exonerated.
We don't expect to change our plans.''

But Mr. Hansel said Barnett, if it chooses, could pull out of the merger if it
can show that Great American suffered a ''material change'' in its financial
condition after the merger agreement was signed.

SECTION: Pg. 3

LENGTH: 529 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1982 American Banker, Inc.

                              754 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                               May 1, 2015 Friday

Utah jury finds Wendover casino 'high roller' guilty of drug-money laundering
scheme

BYLINE: By Jennifer Dobner The Salt Lake Tribune

SECTION: NEWS; State

LENGTH: 368 words


A Utah man once considered a "high roller" in West Wendover's casinos has been
convicted by a jury on drug, money laundering and tax charges stemming from a
money laundering scheme that involved pumping nearly $400,000 in drug money
through slot machines.

The verdict for Robert Thomas Rust was handed down Thursday in Salt Lake City's
3rd District Court after a three-day trial.

Jurors found the 35-year-old Rust guilty on one count of second-degree felony
money laundering, one count of third-degree felony distribution of a controlled
substance and two counts of third-degree felony tax evasion.

Rust faces a prison term of one-to 15 years for the second-degree felony and
punishments of up to five years in prison for each of the third-degree felonies
when he is sentenced by Judge Paul Parker on June 8.

Court papers say Rust and his wife, Susana Montano Rust, 41, used slot machines
at the Wendover Nugget Hotel and Casino to launder $384,569 ccc funds
investigators say the couple allegedly acquired through the sale of
methamphetamine from their home in Sandy between January 2011 and May 2012.

Investigators found that in one month alone, Rust pumped more than $150,000 into
casino slots, the documents say. The practice of running criminal proceeds
through a casino and claiming the money as gambling winnings has been commonly
used, prosecutors say, however such funds are considered taxable income.

Charging documents contend the Rusts could never legitimately have had so much
money for gambling. State and federal tax returns for 2011 show Rust worked at a
restaurant earning roughly $18,700 annually. Susana Rust worked for a commercial
cleaning company, and earned only about $8,000 annually, the documents state.

Rust was not originally charged with any drug crimes, when prosecutors first
filed the case in 2013. He had been scheduled for a trial last November, but
failed to appear. He was arrested in January.

Prosecutors had also charged Susana Rust as a co-defendant in her husband's
case, but has never been arrested. A warrant for her arrest is outstanding.

Court papers also show the Utah Attorney General's Office is seeking to seize
$37,154.37 and one of the Rust's vehicles.

jdobner@sltrib.com

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved

                              755 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 23, 2014 Friday

Washington: Laredo Husband and Wife Enter Pleas in Mexican Mafia Case

LENGTH: 367  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

Carlos Contreras, 33, and his wife Ana Rosa Contreras, 31, have entered guilty
pleas in relation to a massive drug trafficking and money laundering case
involving members of the Texas Mexican Mafia prison gang, announced United
States Attorney Kenneth Magidson.

The two Laredo residents were charged along with several other members and
associates of the Texas Mexican Mafia in an indictment alleging conspiracy to
possess with intent to distribute heroin, cocaine, and methamphetamine and money
laundering.

Carlos Contreras entered a plea today to conspiracy to possess with the intent
to distribute 10 kilograms of heroin, while his wife pleaded guilty to money
laundering. Both have admitted to purchasing their residence in the prestigious
Lakeside subdivision with the proceeds of drug sales. As a result of their
pleas, the government is seeking the forfeiture of the residence, valued at more
than $300,000.

Mr. Contreras faces a minimum of 10 years and up to life in prison, as well as a
possible $10 million fine. His wife could receive up to a maximum of 20 years in
federal prison and $500,000 fine or twice the pecuniary gain.

To date, the 21 defendants arrested thus far in the investigation have all
entered guilty pleas before U.S. Magistrate Judge Guillermo R. Garcia and are
pending sentencing at varying times before U.S. District Judge Diana Saldana.
The indictment remains sealed as to those charged but not as yet in custody.

The indictment is part of an Organized Crime Drug Enforcement Task Force
(OCDETF) investigation named Operation X3, investigated by the FBI, Drug
Enforcement Administration, Homeland Security Investigations, and Internal
Revenue Service-Criminal Investigation. They were assisted at different times by
the U.S. Marshals Service; police departments in Laredo, Austin, and San Marcos;
Customs and Border Protection; Texas Department of Public Safety-Criminal
Investigations Division; and the LaSalle County Sheriff's Office. The case is
being prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorneys Andy Guardiola and James Hepburn.

For more information please visit: http://www.fbi.gov


LOAD-DATE: May 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              756 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 22, 2014 Thursday

Washington: Laredo Husband and Wife Enter Pleas in Mexican Mafia Case

LENGTH: 367  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

Carlos Contreras, 33, and his wife Ana Rosa Contreras, 31, have entered guilty
pleas in relation to a massive drug trafficking and money laundering case
involving members of the Texas Mexican Mafia prison gang, announced United
States Attorney Kenneth Magidson.

The two Laredo residents were charged along with several other members and
associates of the Texas Mexican Mafia in an indictment alleging conspiracy to
possess with intent to distribute heroin, cocaine, and methamphetamine and money
laundering.

Carlos Contreras entered a plea today to conspiracy to possess with the intent
to distribute 10 kilograms of heroin, while his wife pleaded guilty to money
laundering. Both have admitted to purchasing their residence in the prestigious
Lakeside subdivision with the proceeds of drug sales. As a result of their
pleas, the government is seeking the forfeiture of the residence, valued at more
than $300,000.

Mr. Contreras faces a minimum of 10 years and up to life in prison, as well as a
possible $10 million fine. His wife could receive up to a maximum of 20 years in
federal prison and $500,000 fine or twice the pecuniary gain.

To date, the 21 defendants arrested thus far in the investigation have all
entered guilty pleas before U.S. Magistrate Judge Guillermo R. Garcia and are
pending sentencing at varying times before U.S. District Judge Diana Saldana.
The indictment remains sealed as to those charged but not as yet in custody.

The indictment is part of an Organized Crime Drug Enforcement Task Force
(OCDETF) investigation named Operation X3, investigated by the FBI, Drug
Enforcement Administration, Homeland Security Investigations, and Internal
Revenue Service-Criminal Investigation. They were assisted at different times by
the U.S. Marshals Service; police departments in Laredo, Austin, and San Marcos;
Customs and Border Protection; Texas Department of Public Safety-Criminal
Investigations Division; and the LaSalle County Sheriff's Office. The case is
being prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorneys Andy Guardiola and James Hepburn.

For more information please visit: http://www.fbi.gov


LOAD-DATE: May 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              757 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                American Banker

                            August 23, 2011 Tuesday

Florida's Ocean Bank Hit with Massive Anti-Money Laundering Fine

BYLINE: Joe Adler

SECTION: REGULATION & REFORM Vol. 176 No. 163

LENGTH: 689  words


Miami-based Ocean Bank faces a nearly $11 million fine to settle charges it
turned a blind eye to drug traffickers allegedly using the bank to launder
money.

The settlement â(EURO)" which prosecutors, investigators and numerous regulators
announced concurrently â(EURO)" was a stunning indictment of the $3.6
billion-asset bank's anti-money laundering efforts.

Authorities said despite the risk of the bank being used by launderers, it
failed to institute adequate controls required by the Bank Secrecy Act.
Specifically, authorities cited five accounts they said had ties to drug
organizations, including three allegedly holding currency and wire transfers
from Mexican "casas de cambio" controlled by the Bernal-Palacios trafficking
organization. Officials said Ocean ignored certain "red flags" in the five
accounts, including unusually large deposits of as much as $140,000 and deposits
consisting of thousands of money orders and travelers checks, among other
warning signs.

The fine, totaling more than $10.9 million, represents illegal narcotics
proceeds that officials say were laundered through the five accounts.

"Ocean Bank has a responsibility to not turn a blind eye to the money laundering
activities of drug traffickers," Mark Trouville, a Drug Enforcement
Administration special agent in charge of the Miami Field Division, said in a
press release issued jointly with other agencies. "In this instance, Ocean Bank
failed in its duty to the public and now faces justice."

Officials announced the unsealing of a "criminal information" charging Ocean
Bank with, according to the press release, "willfully failing to establish an
anti-money laundering program from 2001 through 2008," in violation of the BSA.
Yet Ocean, the largest privately held bank headquartered in Florida, may not
face further prosecution.

Under the agreement, prosecution is deferred for two years as a result of the
fine and will be dismissed completely if the bank fulfills requirements to
improve its BSA program outlined in consent orders issued by the Federal Deposit
Insurance Corp., the state's Office of Financial Regulation and the Financial
Crimes Enforcement Network.

Fincen found several deficiencies in the bank's anti-money laundering program,
including that it failed to report suspicious activities indicative of money
laundering, and did not operate a program "commensurate with the risks inherent
with its business lines and geographical reach."

"The bank's failure to respond to such risk with commensurate systems and
controls was both systemic and longstanding," Fincen Director James H. Freis Jr.
said in a press release.

In its order, Fincen said the bank had failed to develop an effective BSA
program despite the fact that 28% of all of its customers reside outside U.S.
borders in areas vulnerable to money laundering, including Venezuela, and had
direct account relationships in the U.S. with so-called "politically exposed
persons."

"Given the high-risk nature of its account base, Ocean lacked adequate policies,
procedures and an effective system of internal controls reasonably designed to
assess and mitigate the risks of narcotics-related money laundering activity and
ensure the detection and reporting of suspicious transactions," Fincen said in
its order.

A press release issued by Ocean Bank said all five accounts targeted by
investigators had been closed, and the bank was making "meaningful enhancements"
to its BSA/AML program. In 2008, the bank "revamped" its senior management, and
this year appointed two new managers to specifically handle BSA issues and
regulatory risk. Meanwhile, the bank said the large fine was accounted for on
its balance sheet in the fourth quarter of 2010, and did not affect its capital
position.

"We have cooperated fully with the government's investigation, created an
enhanced due diligence/trending unit and training programs for officers,
employees and specifically for BSA department employees, added staff in the
compliance department, installed new software to strengthen BSA and AML tracking
and reporting, and made BSA and AML activities a priority for our staff," the
bank said.

URL: http://www.americanbanker.com

LOAD-DATE: August 26, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AMERICANBANKER_AB


                        Copyright 2011 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              758 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 19, 2014 Thursday

Texas: Man Sentenced to 14 Years in Federal Prison for Laundering Monetary
Proceeds from Sex Trafficking

LENGTH: 612  words

DATELINE: Austin


United States Attorney's Office for the northern District of Texas has issued
the following press release:

At a hearing concluding late Friday afternoon, Chief U.S. District Judge Sidney
A. Fitzwater sentenced Duc Luu, a naturalized U.S. citizen from Vietnam, to 14
years in federal prison for laundering monetary proceeds from sex trafficking,
announced U.S. Attorney Sarah R. Saldaña of the Northern District of Texas.

During the hearing, Chief Judge Fitzwater noted the horrific nature of the crime
and added that he was incapable of capturing its heinousness in words.  Chief
Judge Fitzwater also ordered Luu to pay $16,766 in restitution to the victim.

"I commend the dedication and hard work of law enforcement, not only in their
persistence in investigating this case, but in their efforts to locate and
rescue victims who may be unable to seek help themselves," said U.S. Attorney
Saldaña.  "This district remains vigilant in our efforts to vigorously and
aggressively prosecute human traffickers and hold them accountable for their
crimes."

Luu, 50, was indicted in August 2011, while he was living in Vietnam, on one
count of sex trafficking by force, fraud or coercion and two counts of money
laundering.  According to documents filed in the case, Luu travelled to Vietnam
on his U.S. passport, but shortly after his indictment, the U.S. initiated
efforts to arrest and extradite him.  Ultimately, the U.S. Department of State
revoked Luu's passport and Vietnam expelled him.  Luu was then arrested and
returned to the Northern District of Texas, where he made his initial appearance
in federal court on the charges in September 2012.

Luu pleaded guilty in August 2013 to two counts of money laundering.  According
to the stipulated facts in the factual resume, in October 2008, Luu caused
$12,000 to be wire-transferred from a bank in Texas to a bank in Vietnam,
knowing that the funds had been derived from sex trafficking.  Again, in July
2009, Luu caused $26,000 to be wire-transferred from a bank in Texas to the same
bank in Vietnam, knowing that these funds also were derived from sex
trafficking.  Luu was the sender and beneficiary of both wire transfers.

The victim testified at the sentencing hearing regarding the depraved acts of
the defendant in recruiting, grooming, manipulating, exploiting and subjecting
her to a fraud of the most serious nature.

"Individuals such as Mr. Luu, who use money laundering to conceal the true
source of their money run the risk of federal prosecution and imprisonment,"
said R. Damon Rowe, Special Agent in
Charge of the IRS-CI Dallas Field Office.  "IRS Criminal Investigation is
committed to unraveling money laundering schemes and assisting our law
enforcement partners to ensure that the type of criminal conduct engaged in by
Mr. Luu is not ignored.  Mr. Luu's sentence is a reminder to criminals that
money laundering schemes will be vigorously investigated and prosecuted."

"Even a harsh prison sentence seems inconsequential compared to the horrors
visited on the victim in this case," said Special Agent in Charge David Marwell
of HSI Dallas. "Nonetheless this is a stern warning to criminals who flee
justice that Homeland Security Investigations will continue to use our unique
authorities and international partnerships to bring criminals to justice, no
matter how far they run or in what country they hide."

IRS Criminal Investigation, U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement's (ICE)
Homeland Security Investigations (HSI), U.S. Department of State and the Garland
Police Department investigated.  Assistant U.S. Attorney Errin Martin
prosecuted.

For more information please visit: http://www.justice.gov/usao/txn

LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              759 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 17, 2014 Tuesday

Texas: Man Sentenced to 14 Years in Federal Prison for Laundering Monetary
Proceeds from Sex Trafficking

LENGTH: 612  words

DATELINE: Austin


United States Attorney's Office for the northern District of Texas has issued
the following press release:

At a hearing concluding late Friday afternoon, Chief U.S. District Judge Sidney
A. Fitzwater sentenced Duc Luu, a naturalized U.S. citizen from Vietnam, to 14
years in federal prison for laundering monetary proceeds from sex trafficking,
announced U.S. Attorney Sarah R. Saldaña of the Northern District of Texas.

During the hearing, Chief Judge Fitzwater noted the horrific nature of the crime
and added that he was incapable of capturing its heinousness in words.  Chief
Judge Fitzwater also ordered Luu to pay $16,766 in restitution to the victim.

"I commend the dedication and hard work of law enforcement, not only in their
persistence in investigating this case, but in their efforts to locate and
rescue victims who may be unable to seek help themselves," said U.S. Attorney
Saldaña.  "This district remains vigilant in our efforts to vigorously and
aggressively prosecute human traffickers and hold them accountable for their
crimes."

Luu, 50, was indicted in August 2011, while he was living in Vietnam, on one
count of sex trafficking by force, fraud or coercion and two counts of money
laundering.  According to documents filed in the case, Luu travelled to Vietnam
on his U.S. passport, but shortly after his indictment, the U.S. initiated
efforts to arrest and extradite him.  Ultimately, the U.S. Department of State
revoked Luu's passport and Vietnam expelled him.  Luu was then arrested and
returned to the Northern District of Texas, where he made his initial appearance
in federal court on the charges in September 2012.

Luu pleaded guilty in August 2013 to two counts of money laundering.  According
to the stipulated facts in the factual resume, in October 2008, Luu caused
$12,000 to be wire-transferred from a bank in Texas to a bank in Vietnam,
knowing that the funds had been derived from sex trafficking.  Again, in July
2009, Luu caused $26,000 to be wire-transferred from a bank in Texas to the same
bank in Vietnam, knowing that these funds also were derived from sex
trafficking.  Luu was the sender and beneficiary of both wire transfers.

The victim testified at the sentencing hearing regarding the depraved acts of
the defendant in recruiting, grooming, manipulating, exploiting and subjecting
her to a fraud of the most serious nature.

"Individuals such as Mr. Luu, who use money laundering to conceal the true
source of their money run the risk of federal prosecution and imprisonment,"
said R. Damon Rowe, Special Agent in
Charge of the IRS-CI Dallas Field Office.  "IRS Criminal Investigation is
committed to unraveling money laundering schemes and assisting our law
enforcement partners to ensure that the type of criminal conduct engaged in by
Mr. Luu is not ignored.  Mr. Luu's sentence is a reminder to criminals that
money laundering schemes will be vigorously investigated and prosecuted."

"Even a harsh prison sentence seems inconsequential compared to the horrors
visited on the victim in this case," said Special Agent in Charge David Marwell
of HSI Dallas. "Nonetheless this is a stern warning to criminals who flee
justice that Homeland Security Investigations will continue to use our unique
authorities and international partnerships to bring criminals to justice, no
matter how far they run or in what country they hide."

IRS Criminal Investigation, U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement's (ICE)
Homeland Security Investigations (HSI), U.S. Department of State and the Garland
Police Department investigated.  Assistant U.S. Attorney Errin Martin
prosecuted.

For more information please visit: http://www.justice.gov/usao/txn

LOAD-DATE: June 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              760 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                             National Underwriter,
             Property & Casualty/Risk & Benefits Management Edition

                                 July 23, 2001

Captives Question Cayman 'Blacklist' Policies

BYLINE: By Caroline McDonald

SECTION: RISK MANAGEMENT; Pg. 42

LENGTH: 710 words


The Cayman government, in its successful effort to get the country off a
blacklist of money-laundering nations, might have gone too far in administering
the regulations involved, according to a local captive manager and the head of a
U.S. captives organization.

However, a Cayman official said the regulatory changes were minimal and that
such concerns were unwarranted.

Ian Kilpatrick, president of Crusader International Management Company in Grand
Cayman, voiced criticism in an interview after the minister of planning,
communication and works, Kurt Tibbetts, issued a statement July 6 promising to
clarify new anti-money laundering policies.  The government, in its moves to be
taken off the money-laundering blacklist of an international task force may have
gone too far, too soon with captive regulations, he said.

In his statement, Mr. Tibbetts announced that clarifications would be
forthcoming "within a few weeks," according to Cayman's daily newspaper, the
Caymanian Compass. In addition, he congratulated three other countries also
removed from the Financial Action Task Force black list -- Liechtenstein, Panama
and the Bahamas.

"There was a fear and a mad desire to get off the list because Cayman doesn't
want to be deemed to be a country that's money laundering," said Mr. Kilpatrick,
who is a Cayman resident.  "But calmer heads could have prevailed.  It could
have been done over a couple of years.  We could have had legislation that would
be acceptable to everyone and we would know how it was going to be administered.
At this point in time we don't."

Mr. Kilpatrick said his frustration stems from a recent experience with a client
changing his position within a captive.  New government procedures, he said,
held up the process.

"All of [his information] was on record," he said.  "We updated, and he updated
the files, and then he went through the financial reporting requirement and it
was taking weeks and weeks.  Why?  Because they had to check [him out] with
other reporting institutions.  Everybody is now treated as a criminal until
they're proven innocent."

Mike Mead, president of M. R. Mead & Company in Chicago and chairman of the
Captive Insurance Companies Association in Minneapolis, also expressed concerns
over Cayman's new procedures.

"My personal view is that the Cayman Law Assembly overreacted and took a lot of
steps that potentially will have some negative impact on some captives," he
said.  "I think what they're trying to do now is reshape their position so it's
not quite as harsh."

Many of Cayman's new requirements were "perfectly in order and appropriate," he
continued.  "But they went further than anyone else's."

Mr. Mead said the issue centers around the regulatory guidelines.  In Cayman, he
explained, guidelines on how to apply new laws are distributed to regulators.
"Some of the guidelines that I have seen went much further than the
legislation," he said.

For example, requirements on owners and directors of captives contain
"exhaustive due-diligence," he said.  "The regulatory and potential
administrative burden will potentially become gigantic, calling into question
the longstanding advantage of regulatory efficiencies formerly inherent in
Cayman."

But Gordon Rowell, head of insurance supervision of the Monetary Authority in
Grand Cayman, said he sees any problems as minimal.  "Quite frankly, we may have
been slow off the mark in issuing guidelines to explain these changes in clear
form, but I don't see them as a significant impact at all," he said.

Mr. Rowell said that changes affecting insurance regulation were few.  "For
example, director-shareholder approvals," he said.  "They wanted certain
references but we already were requesting those references anyway.  There is a
transition period as there is any time after you change a law, where people are
feeling their way to try to understand how these changes impact."

As for background checks, he said the only difference is the requirement of a
"police clearance certificate.  We require a sworn affidavit from the potential
director that they've never been convicted of a criminal offense," he said.
"That's really the only change.  As far as everything else goes, it's business
as usual."

LOAD-DATE: August 1, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Picture, Captive officials are concerned that the Cayman government, in
its 'mad desire' to get off an international money-laundering list, has imposed
a potentially 'gigantic' administrative burden on captive players.

                Copyright 2001 The National Underwriter Company

                              761 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Monitor (McAllen, Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            March 30, 2011 Wednesday

Police: Money seized from laundering operation

BYLINE: Ildefonso Ortiz, The Monitor, McAllen, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 415 words


March 30--MISSION -- A night of alcohol, drugs and sexual advances ended with
the arrest of three men and a seizure of more than $100,000 from an alleged
money-laundering operation, police said.

Rene Humberto Castelo, 21, Miguel Villarreal, 21, and Pedro Delgado, were
arrested early Sunday morning by Mission police who responded to the 2100 block
of Solar St. in connection with an attempted sexual assault, court records show.

On Tuesday morning, Castelo and Villarreal were charged each with one count of
money laundering, one count of fraudulent use of identifying information, one
count of possession of marijuana and one count of possession of a controlled
substance. Delgado was charged with only one count of possession of a controlled
substance-cocaine. The men were not charged with sexual assault.

A Mission municipal judge set a $90,000 for Castelo, an $85,000 bond for
Villarreal and a $15,000 bond for Delgado before sending them to the Hidalgo
County Jail.

On Sunday morning, a woman called Mission police from a convenience store on the
3300 block of Shary Road and told them that she and another woman had been taken
to the house willingly but were then groped and asked to perform sexual favors,
the criminal complaint states. When the women refused they were threatened, one
of them managed to flee and directed police to the residence.

When police arrived at the house, they detained the men, and during a pat-down,
they found Delgado to have 0.4 grams of cocaine and Castelo to have half a pill
of Clonazapam, according to the complaint. Authorities also noticed a smell of
marijuana coming from inside the residence and obtained a search warrant.

Inside the residence, authorities seized a total of $100,297 in different
denominations, three false Texas driver's licenses, one AK-47, one .308-caliber
assault rifle and one .204-caliber long rifle. Police also seized 28 cellular
phones of different models, two police scanners, one radio frequency jammer
various pieces of jewelry, 2 grams of Xanax and 0.2 ounces of marijuana.

Ildefonso Ortiz covers law enforcement and general assignments for The Monitor.
He can be reached at (956) 683-4437.

To see more of The Monitor, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.themonitor.com. Copyright (c) 2011, The Monitor, McAllen, Texas
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110330-MC-Police-Money-seized-from-laundering-operation-0330-20110330

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MC


                           Copyright 2011 The Monitor

                              762 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                 Aljazeera.net

                           November 25, 2010 Thursday

DeLay convicted of money laundering

LENGTH: 334 words


Tom DeLay, the former Republican majority leader in the US House of
Representatives, has been found guilty of money laundering.
DeLay was convicted by a Texas jury on Wednesday on charges of illegally
funnelling corporate money to Republican party election candidates in 2002.


Prosecutors said DeLay, who once held the Number 2 job in the lower house of
congress and whose heavy-handed style earned him the nickname "the Hammer," used
his political action committee to channel $190,000 in corporate donations into
Texas legislative races through a money swap.
He faces five years to life in prison on the money laundering charge and two to
20 years on charges of conspiracy to commit money laundering.
Speaking to reporters after the trial, DeLay said he was disappointed that the
jury had found him guilty. He said the verdicts were a "miscarriage" of justice
and he vowed to carry on.
Strengthening Republicans
During the three-week trial, prosecutors presented more than 30 witnesses and
volumes of emails and other documents as evidence.
Prosecutors said DeLay conspired with two associates, John Colyandro and Jim
Ellis, to channel donations into the Republican National Committee, which then
sent the same amount to seven Texas House candidates. Under Texas law, corporate
money cannot go directly to political campaigns.
Prosecutors claim the money helped Republicans take control of the Texas House.
That enabled the Republican majority to push through a DeLay-engineered
congressional redistricting plan that sent more Texas Republicans to Congress in
2004, and strengthened DeLay's political power.
The 2005 criminal charges in Texas, as well as a separate federal investigation
of DeLay's ties to disgraced former lobbyist Jack Abramoff, ended his 22-year
political career representing suburban Houston.
Except for a 2009 appearance on ABC's hit television show "Dancing With the
Stars,' DeLay has been out of the spotlight since resigning from Congress in
2006. He now runs a consulting firm.

LOAD-DATE: November 25, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 59


                  Copyright 2010 Aljazeera.net - Aljazeera.net
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved

                              763 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                             June 9, 2007 Saturday
                                  Main Edition

2 sentenced for laundering cash

BYLINE: GEORGE CHIDI; Staff

SECTION: GWINNETT NEWS; Pg. 3J

LENGTH: 186 words


A Duluth couple was sentenced in federal court Friday for laundering more than
$15 million in drug money.

Hoang Nguyen, 41, was sentenced to 19 years and seven months in prison for his
role as a professional money launderer for Canadian and U.S. drug dealers,
according to a news release from the office of David E. Nahmias, U.S. attorney
for the Northern District of Georgia.

Terri Nguyen, 34, Hoang's wife, received a 41-month sentence from U.S. District
Judge Beverly B. Martin.

The two were arrested in 2004 as part of a nationwide investigation into drug
money laundering between the United States, Canada and Asia. "Operation
Candybox," as it was called, resulted in the arrest of 176 people nationwide.

An investigation into trafficking in the drug ecstacy in Canada in 2002 led
authorities to an extensive money-laundering op-eration, Nahmias said in the
release.

The organization, centered in Atlanta, used businesses in the Asian-American
community to transfer large sums of cash out of the United States.

Drug money was filtered through local businesses, then moved to Vietnam,
Cambodia, Dubai and other countries.

LOAD-DATE: June 9, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2007 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                              764 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       The Daily Record (Baltimore, MD.)

                            August 14, 1995, Monday

Professionals Getting Hands Dirty by Laundering Money U.S. Attorney for Maryland
Casts Net, Accuses Real Estate Partner, Lawyer of Laundering Drug Proceeds:
Battaglia Sees Trend Emerging

BYLINE: By Jane Bowling; Daily Record Legal Affairs Writer

SECTION: Pg. 15

LENGTH: 512 words


On the heels of a Baltimore attorney's indictment last month for his alleged
participation in a scheme for laundering drug trafficking proceeds, Maryland's
U.S. Attorney announced Friday that a partner in a prominent Howard County real
estate company was facing similar charges.

"We're definitely seeing more professionals involved in money laundering," Lynne
A. Battaglia said. "Not just in Maryland, but across the country."

The government's long-running crackdown on drug crimes -- and improved law
enforcement techniques for tracing monetary transactions -- has pushed
traffickers to look for new ways to cover their tracks.

"Some of the old fashioned ways to launder money -- like shipping it overseas --
don't work well anymore," Battaglia said. "So more professionals are getting
involved."

Baltimore attorney Zell R. Margolis, 38, was charged with money laundering
violations last month, alongside a putative client.

Prosecutors alleged that Margolis ran $ 50,000 -- presented to him as drug
trafficking proceeds by an undercover Federal Bureau of Investigation agent --
through his law firm escrow account in a manner intended to avoid currency
reporting requirements.

On Friday, Philip Andrew Manglitz, a partner with Ronald Carter in a real estate
development company called Carman Associates, was charged with marijuana
possession with the intent to distribute, conspiracy and money laundering,
according to federal prosecutors.

It is alleged that Manglitz laundered marijuana trafficking proceeds by taking
hundreds of thousands of dollars in cash as payment for real property in the
posh Howard County housing developments built by Carman Associates.

According to the indictment, he would then record drastically understated sales
prices so that part of the cash stayed off the books.  Carman Associates is the
developer for Howard County's Glenwood Springs, Country Springs Estates,
Warfields Grant and Deertrack Estates, all located in upscale areas, prosecutors
said.  "What's unusual about this case is that it involves a lot of money,"
Battaglia said, although she would not comment on the total.

Her office coordinated with the Baltimore branch of the federal Drug Enforcement
Administration, Howard County's Police Department and the Internal Revenue
Service on the long investigation that led to Manglitz's indictment.

In June, 10 other alleged participants in a drug ring with ties in Mexico,
California and Virginia were indicted as a result of the investigation.

At that time, officials seized assets valued at more than $ 3 million and 1,100
pounds of marijuana with a reported retail value of $ 2 million.

The 10 defendants named previously were only charged with drug crimes, and not
money laundering.

Marijuana wholesaler Randolph Ayersman pleaded guilty to drug trafficking and
money laundering charges as a result of the investigation, and agreed to forfeit
more than $ 1 million in assets.

The charges against Manglitz carry potential sentences totaling 100 years,
according to the U.S. Attorney's office.


LOAD-DATE: August 15, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1995 The Daily Record Co.

                              765 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    San Gabriel Valley Tribune (California)

                          September 16, 2010 Thursday

Contractors for Azusa manufacturer indicted for bribing Mexico official

BYLINE: By James Figueroa, Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 362 words


A Mexican couple who worked on behalf of Azusa company Lindsey Manufacturing
have been charged in Los Angeles federal court in a bribery and laundering
scheme that helped secure sales contracts for the business.

Federal prosecutors said Wednesday that Enrique Faustino Aguilar Noriega, 56,
and Angela Maria Gomez Aguilar, 55, added as much as 30 percent to Lindsey's
invoices to a Mexico utility and used the extra money to buy a yacht and Ferrari
for a utility official.

Aguilar Noriega, of Cuernavaca, Mexico, faces seven counts including conspiracy
to violate the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and money laundering. Gomez
Aguilar, who was arrested while traveling from Houston to Mexico in August, is
charged with conspiracy and money laundering.

The couple acted as intermediaries for Lindsey, which makes emergency
restoration systems for public utilities, and Mexico's Federal Electricity
Commission, known as CFE.

The Aguilars allegedly paid utility official Nestor Moreno with more than
$170,000 in for his American Express bill, $600,000 for his relatives, a
$297,500 Ferrari Spider purchased in Beverly Hills and a $1.8 million yacht
purchased in Chula Vista

Lindsey Manufacturing is cooperating with authorities and wasn't aware that its
contracts were being used for bribes, Lindsey attorney Jan Handzlik told the
Wall Street Journal last month.

Through their Houston brokerage firm, Noriega and Aguilar received $5.33 million
in payments from Lindsey from September 2003 to May 2008, according to FBI
investigator Farrel Binder's testimony.

During the same period, Moreno awarded 19 CFE contracts worth about $14.9
million to Lindsey, Binder found.

Moreno voluntarily took a leave of absence from his position with CFE in August,
according to Mexican news reports.

The case is part of a larger FBI probe that began when ABB Switzerland reported
possible bribery by employees at its Sugarland, Texas, division, which also had
contracts with CFE.

Fernando Basurto, a former sales representative for ABB, later pleaded guilty to
criminal charges. John O'Shea, a former ABB general manager, was indicted in
relation to the case.

james.figueroa@sgvn.com

626-962-8811, ext. 2236

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2010 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Los Angeles Newspaper Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              766 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      East Valley Tribune (Mesa, Arizona)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            November 2, 2012 Friday

Gilbert man, sons arrested on suspicion of bank fraud, money laundering, ID
theft at Chandler store

BYLINE: Mike Sakal, East Valley Tribune (Mesa, Ariz.)

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 373 words


Nov. 02--A Gilbert father and his two sons are facing federal charges following
their arrests involving a $10 million money order scheme authorities say stemmed
from the Mama Mia Panaderia and Market in Chandler.

Gjergj Kol Mihilli, 60, of Gilbert, and his two sons, Nikolas George Mihilli,
35, and Nino Joseph Mihilli, 31, were arrested on suspicion of conspiracy, bank
fraud, money laundering and aggravated identity theft charges on Wednesday
following a 46-count indictment by a federal grand jury on Oct. 23, according to
Immigration and Customs Enforcement.

The 46-count indictment alleges the trio operated a money order fraud scheme
from the Mama Mia Panaderia and Market, 731 S. Arizona Ave., which is owned by
Gjergj Mihilli. In addition to food sales, the store offered a variety of
financial transaction services to customers, including money order sales.

According to the indictment, Gjergj Mihilli contracted with Merchants Bank of
California in order for the store to sell the bank's Unigram money orders. The
store also maintained two business accounts with Wells Fargo Bank. Beginning
around May 2010, the trio is alleged to have conspired to operate a scheme in
which the store issued thousands of false, worthless money orders, utilizing
fictitious names. These false money orders were then deposited into the Wells
Fargo business accounts, thus artificially inflating the account balances, so
that funds were made available to pay Merchants Bank for issuing the money
orders, according to ICE.

In order to execute the scheme, the defendants were required to continually
issue and deposit false money orders. The indictment alleges that the defendants
issued and deposited more than 10,000 false money orders totaling approximately
$10 million. A portion of those funds were unlawfully withdrawn by the
defendants for their personal and business use.

A woman who answered the phone at the market on Friday said they had no comment
about the charges.

The case is being prosecuted by the U.S. Attorney's office in Phoenix.

Contact writer: (480) 898-6533 or msakal@evtrib.com

___ (c)2012 East Valley Tribune (Mesa, Ariz.) Visit East Valley Tribune (Mesa,
Ariz.) at www.eastvalleytribune.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: November 3, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20121102-MZ-Gilbert-man-sons-arrested-on-suspicion-of-bank-fraud-money-
laundering-ID-theft-at-Chandler-store-1102-20121102

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MZ


                       Copyright 2012 East Valley Tribune

                              767 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                             June 23, 2007 Saturday
                                 Metro Edition

Chicken came with a side of drug money, feds charge;
The owner of Harold's Chicken Shack is charged with using the Minneapolis
restaurant for a money laundering operation.

BYLINE: Dan Browning, Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 701 words


Customers of Harold's Chicken Shack on W. Broadway have not been able to get
their cooked-to-order chicken, catfish, perch or shrimp for some time now. Signs
taped to the window say the cramped but popular takeout shop was closed "due to
a problem with our gas line" and will reopen as soon as it's fixed.

Under new ownership, perhaps.

According to recently unsealed court documents, federal investigators believe
the restaurant was used to help launder profits from a major cocaine
distribution ring that has allegedly operated in the Twin Cities since 1998.

Denis Otterness, a Bloomington detective working on the Drug Enforcement
Administration (DEA) Task Force, said in a sworn statement that the ring sold
large quantities of powder and crack cocaine in the Twin Cities.

According to his statement, the ring laundered money through a number of real
estate transactions, including the purchase and renovation of Harold's Chicken
Shack.

The investigation also revealed that the ring "is utilizing a rap music group
identified as `Street Kingz' to launder their drug proceeds," Otterness said in
his affidavit, which was unsealed Tuesday in U.S. District Court.

Otterness identified the leader of the drug ring as Antwoyn Spencer, 26, of
Brooklyn Park, who was indicted in May on drug and money-laundering charges.
Also charged were his brothers, Frederick Spencer, 28, of Minneapolis, and
Derrick Spencer, 25, of Maplewood, and Jovan Gentle, 26, whose address is
uncertain.

Attorneys for Antwoyn and Frederick Spencer declined to comment Friday. Derrick
Spencer's attorney could not be reached.

Antwoyn Spencer is also known as "Twig." A member of Street Kingz is also known
as Twig, but band members could not be reached Friday, and the newspaper could
not confirm Friday that they are the same person.

In a Street Kingz song titled "The Minnesota Anthem," the group recites a
history of drug dealing and gang life in "Murderapolis." Another song titled
"Gangsta" describes the bloody lifestyle and warns wannabes to steer clear.

According to Otterness, the DEA and Internal Revenue Service began investigating
what he called "the drug trafficking and money laundering activities of Antwoyn
Spencer" last June. Investigators said that Frederick Spencer was listed as
owner of the Harold's Chicken Shack, but Antwoyn Spencer was the true owner.

Four confidential informants provided information in the case, Otterness said.
One identified Antwoyn Spencer as an affiliate of the Gangster Disciples. But
Ron Ryan, commander of the Metro Gang Strike Force, said he does not show up in
a state law enforcement database on the gang.

One informant was arrested last August in Kansas City transporting 8 kilos of
cocaine; he said he was on his way from Houston to deliver it to Antwoyn
Spencer, according to the affidavit. The informant claimed he had previously
delivered more than 20 kilos to Antwoyn Spencer.

Another informant told authorities he bought 1.5 kilos of cocaine a week from
Antwoyn Spencer from 1999 to 2001. He said he started buying drugs from him
again in March 2005.

Antwoyn Spencer is charged with conspiracy to distribute powder and crack
cocaine, attempted possession with intent to distribute cocaine, and five counts
of money laundering. Derrick Spencer is charged with conspiracy, attempted
possession with intent to distribute, and two counts of distribution. Frederick
Spencer is charged with four counts of money laundering. And Gentle is charged
with conspiracy.

The indictment charges that $41,656 was spent on remodeling Harold's Chicken
Shack in 2004 to conceal the source of the drug money, and that $40,000 was used
to buy the building that housed the restaurant.

In addition, it says $22,900 went toward the purchase of Antwoyn Spencer's house
in Brooklyn Park in 2005, and $43,000 went toward the purchase of property in
the 3600 block of 3rd Avenue S. in Minneapolis in 2006.

Otterness recites additional allegations of money laundering and names some
other possible suspects in his affidavit, which was sworn out on June 8, more
than two weeks after the indictment was issued. He could not be reached Friday
for comment about whether additional charges are expected.

Dan Browning - 612-673-4493

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2007 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved

                              768 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Australian

                           November 2, 2016 Wednesday
                              Australian3 Edition

Australia terrorist links to cartels

BYLINE: Mark Schliebs; Exclusive

SECTION: THENATION; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 482  words


Hezbollah and its associates have been using Australia to launder money for
international drug cartels, with at least one -locally based contact now helping
security agencies to bring them down.

A year after Australian authorities helped bust a major international money-
laundering organ-isation allegedly headed by Pakistan's Altaf Khanani, Hezbollah
associates in Colombia, West Africa and Europe are accused of moving $500,000
out of Australia in 2014.

So far, only -Mohammad Ahmad Ammar has been taken to the US for prosecution
following the sting operation involving agents and informants for the Drug
-Enforcement Administration and the Australian Criminal -Intelligence
Commission.

Mr Ammar last week pleaded not guilty to eight charges in a Florida court, six
relating to money laundering and two counts of unlawfully using a communication
device.

An alleged accom-plice and fellow Hezbollah associate, Hassan Mohsen Mansour, is
under house arrest in France while the US seeks to extradite him for -unrelated
money--laundering -charges. Mr Mansour allegedly asked an unidentified
Aus-tralia-based contact to help launder the money - not knowing that person had
become an ACIC informer. ACIC declined to comment yesterday.

Mr Ammar, 24, was arrested and taken to Florida for prosecution last month. He
holds Lebanese, Colombian, British and US citizenship and operated from
Medellin, Colombia, where he allegedly worked closely with drug cartel Oficina
de -Envigado.

US prosecutors allege that Mr Ammar and his Los Angeles-based father, Ahmed
Ammar, are Hezbollah associates, and that he has "numerous ties" to the group's
"business affairs component" - which raises money for external operations,
including arms purchases for its fighters in Syria and Iraq.

Hezbollah's External Security Organisation, a declared terrorist group in
Australia, has carried out attacks around the world. Hezbollah itself is not
listed in Australia as a terrorist group.

"He (Ammar) is known for -facilitating the laundering of -illicit monies from or
through Holland, Spain, the UK, Australia and Africa," US authorities -alleged
in court documents seen by The Australian.

Mr Mansour is also accused by US authorities of unspecified criminal activity
that goes -beyond money laundering and drug trafficking. "Hassan Mohsen Mansour
is a Hezbollah associate, known to be involved in multifaceted criminal
activity, not simply money laundering or drug trafficking," the court documents
-allege.

"His level of participation in BAC affairs is significant, working directly with
established members of -Hezbollah."The revelations came after The Australian
reported in January that ACIC and Australian Federal Police were involved in
investigating Mr Khanani's group - linked to al-Qa'ida, Hezbollah, Chinese
triads and drug cartels in -Colombia and Mexico - and its presence in Australia.
Mr Khanani is in custody in the US.

LOAD-DATE: November 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: The Australian


                   Copyright 2016 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              769 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                             July 30, 2015 Thursday

Federal Jury Convicts Texas Couple of Drug and Money Laundering Conspiracies

LENGTH: 402  words


Aldo Villarreal, 46, of McAllen, Texas, was found guilty today by a federal jury
of conspiracy to possess and distribute cocaine and marijuana, and conspiracy to
commit money laundering, announced David Rivera, United States Attorney for the
Middle District of Tennessee. Villarreal's wife, Juana Edith Vela-Salinas, 41,
also of McAllen, Texas was found guilty of conspiracy to commit money laundering
,

The jury returned its verdict following a two-week trial before Senior U.S.
District Judge William J. Haynes, Jr.

The evidence at trial showed that, between 2008 and 2011, Villarreal was a
manager in an extensive drug operation that distributed hundreds of kilograms of
cocaine in Nashville and Atlanta, and distributed hundreds of kilograms of
marijuana in Nashville. The evidence at trial was that the drugs were imported
from Mexico into Texas before being transported to Atlanta and Nashville. The
evidence also showed that Villarreal and Vela-Salinas conspired to launder the
proceeds of that drug operation through a variety of methods, including the
purchase of used vehicles in Nashville and the subsequent sale of vehicles at El
Shadai, a used car lot the defendants owned and operated in Edinburg, Texas.

The underlying federal wiretap investigation was the same investigation about
which former Wilson County Sheriff's Office Deputy John Edwards sought to sell
information to targets of the investigation in 2011. Edwards was indicted for
obstruction of justice on April 20, 2011, and Judge Haynes sentenced Edwards to
serve 220 months in prison on May 2, 2012.

Villarreal faces a maximum penalty of life in prison, and a maximum fine of
$10,000,000, for his conviction on the drug conspiracy charge. Both defendants
face up to 20 years in prison, and a fine of up to the value of the funds they
laundered, for their convictions on the money laundering charge. The parties
agreed that the two forfeiture counts alleged in the indictment will be resolved
at sentencing by Senior Judge Haynes. A sentencing date has not yet been set.

The case was investigated by the FBI; the DEA; the Internal Revenue
Service-Criminal Investigation; the Department of Homeland Security; the
Metropolitan Nashville Police Department; the Wilson County Sheriff's Office,
and the Lebanon Police Department. The case was prosecuted by Assistant U.S.
Attorneys Brent A. Hannafan and Ben Schrader. 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              770 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 29, 2014 Friday

Washington: Former Lee Police Chief Charged with Fraud and Money Laundering

LENGTH: 687  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

The former Chief of the Lee Police Department (LPD) was charged today in U.S.
District Court in Springfield with wire fraud, mail fraud and money laundering.

Joseph Buffis, 56, of Pittsfield, Mass., was charged today in a superseding
indictment with three counts of wire fraud, mail fraud, and four counts of money
laundering. On Aug. 8, 2013, Buffis was charged in an initial indictment with
extortion and three counts of money laundering.

According to the superseding indictment, as the Lee Police Chief, Buffis
solicited public donations on behalf of the Edward J. Laliberte Toy Fund (Toy
Fund), ostensibly to use for toy purchases, primarily by sending notices on LPD
letterhead to a local newspaper, The Berskshire Eagle, for publications in its
print and online editions. The Eagle regularly published Buffis' Toy Fund
notices. Buffis' notices were materially fraudulent and false in that they
failed to disclose that Buffis was using a substantial part of the donations for
his personal use. Based upon Buffis's solicitations, individuals provided both
cash and check donations to the Toy Fund for distribution to needy families. In
addition, others donated toys to the Toy Fund, thus providing Buffis with a
reserve of toys that he could provide to applicants without having to use Toy
Fund monies.

As alleged in the superseding indictment, from January 2007 through December
2011, Buffis deposited 706 checks into the Toy Fund account from 343 different
donors totaling $52,105. During this same period, Buffis deposited cash into the
Toy Fund account only once: a deposit of $145 on Nov. 23, 2010. Buffis wrote
only one Toy Fund check of $250 to a needy family in December 2009. From Jan. 1,
2007 through Jan. 31, 2012, Buffis wrote approximately 53 checks totaling
approximately $51,044, a substantial portion of which he used for the benefit of
himself and his family. These checks included checks written to Buffis and/or
"Cash" and deposited into accounts which he owned with family members.

Also, in February 2012, Buffis extorted a $4,000 check Adonation,@ payable to
the Toy Fund from two individuals who were facing prostitution-related charges.
Buffis then deposited the check into the Toy Fund's bank account and quickly
withdrew $3,990 of these funds in three checks that he wrote to "Cash" but
deposited into a joint bank account that he operated with his wife. Buffis used
the diverted funds to pay various personal expenses. When law enforcement
commenced an investigation into this activity, Buffis repeatedly lied about the
disposition of these funds.

In addition, soon after Buffis became Chief in 2011, he arranged for the Town of
Lee to provide the LPD with four iPhones--one for himself and three for other
LPD officers. Rather than distribute the three iPhones to his LPD officers,
Buffis gave them to his wife and their two children for their own personal use.
From October 2011 to August 2013, Buffis caused the Town of Lee to mail Verizon
Wireless a series of checks totaling approximately $5,091 for the phones he gave
to his wife and children.

The charging statutes provide a sentence of no greater than 20 years in prison,
five years of supervised release, and a fine of $250,000 on each count. Actual
sentences for federal crimes are typically less than the maximum penalties.
Sentences are imposed by a federal district court judge based upon the U.S.
Sentencing Guidelines and other statutory factors.

United States Attorney Carmen M. Ortiz; Vincent B. Lisi, Special Agent in Charge
of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, Boston Field Division; and Timothy P.
Alben, Commissioner of the Massachusetts State Police, made the announcement
today. The case is being prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorney Steven H. Breslow
of Ortiz's Springfield Branch Office.

The details contained in the superseding indictment are allegations. The
defendant is presumed to be innocent unless and until proven guilty beyond a
reasonable doubt in a court of law.

For more information please visit: http://www.fbi.gov


LOAD-DATE: August 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              771 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  Isle of Man

                                  May 22, 2007

Poacher turned gamekeeper avoided IoM 'like the plague'

LENGTH: 310  words


MONEY launderers are not usually popular among those in the financial sector.
But launderer-turned financial crime consultant Ken Rijock drew a good crowd for
his presentation at the Villa Marina.

Mr Rijock talked the audience through his career from Vietnam veteran, to
banking lawyer, then money launderer and finally to his more recent roles as a
compliance officer and consultant.

His mission is now to raise awareness of money laundering techniques and how to
identify them.

The 59-year-old spent the 1980's as a money launderer and adviser to narcotics
trafficking organisations in both North and South America before he was
convicted and imprisoned for money laundering and racketeering.

Now based in Miami, he actively consults with law enforcement and the financial
community, sharing his experience of the tactics and tradecraft involved.

Despite his regular use of offshore centres in the Americas, Mr Rijock said he
avoided the Isle of Man and Channel Islands 'like the plague'.

'I had no confidence that I could do the same thing here because you had your
own legitimate business here and did not depend on criminal activity,' he said.
'I would not dream of laundering money through legitimate centres in the UK or
western Europe - there is too much chance of being identified.'

He spoke of customs officials in some centres who deliberately turned a blind
eye as the laundering trade was boosting the economy and providing jobs.

'There was a real alliance between bankers and criminals,' he said. 'It is a
whole other world down there.'

Mr Rijock is currently on a speaking tour including London, Manchester,
Gibraltar and Bermuda and was brought to the Isle of Man by the Association of
Corporate Service Providers, with sponsorship from Barclays.

He regularly flags up new forms of laundering in his columns for the World Check
website at www.world-check.com.

LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2007 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved

                              772 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The Toronto Star

                              May 19, 2006 Friday

Bank to double anti-money laundering unit

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. F02

LENGTH: 103 words


Toronto-based Royal Bank's RBC Centura is adding about 40 jobs at its operations
centre in Rocky Mount, N.C.

The unit is responsible for the bank's compliance with federal regulations
designed to prevent, detect and report money laundering and terrorist financing
activities. Placing it at the operations centre keeps it near the bank's main
compliance team, which is based in Rocky Mount as well, said RBC Centura's Kent
Miller. The anti-money laundering unit will double in size when hiring is
complete this month, he said.

RBC Centura has $20 billion (U.S.) in assets and more than 3,600 employees
overall. RBC Centura

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                  Copyright 2006 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.

                              773 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Columbian (Vancouver, Washington)

                             May 28, 2005 Saturday

Sham-marriage case gets bigger;
Suspects accused of money laundering

BYLINE: DON JENKINS Columbian staff writer

SECTION: CLARK COUNTY/REGION; Pg. c1

LENGTH: 554 words


Two Vancouver men suspected in a sham-marriage scheme that matched La Center
casino patrons with Vietnamese "fiancees" now face money-laundering charges, an
assistant U.S. attorney said Friday.

Phuoc Huu "Steve" Nguyen, 42, and Loc Huu Nguyen, 38, and four co-defendants are
accused of sending about 150 people, almost all men, to Vietnam over a couple of
years.

Authorities say recruits received $1,000 to $2,000 to pose as love-struck
Americans and obtain a visa for the "bride-to-be" to come to the United States.

The conspirators helped recruits write love letters and threatened the ones who
got cold feet and resisted going through with the scam, according to
investigators.

The Vietnamese women seeking to enter the United States paid conspirators
$20,000 to $30,000 to stage the charade, authorities say.

The defendants were originally charged in December with conspiracy to commit
visa fraud after federal and state agents raided La Center's cardroom district.

In the months since, investigators have interviewed about 80 recruits and
discovered some were paid at an airport and took the money with them to Vietnam,
Assistant U.S. Attorney Doug Whalley said.

Money laundering can be charged if money leaves the country to finance criminal
activities, he said. So far, investigators have tallied $35,000 that left the
country.

The money-laundering charge carries a maximum penalty of 20 years in prison,
compared with five years for conspiracy to commit visa fraud.

The investigation, conducted by federal and state agencies, was dubbed
"Operation Pit Boss" because casinos in La Center and the Puget Sound area
provided the backdrop for recruiting the "grooms."

The recruits haven't been identified publicly, but some probably will be
prosecuted, Whalley said.

Some recruits knew little about the nature of scheme, while others made multiple
trips and lied to investigators about their role in the conspiracy, he said.

About 20 of the recruits could face felony charges and another 20 to 30 could
face misdemeanor charges, he said.

"They (all) knew, but culpability varies," Whalley said. "They knew something
was up, but some didn't know what was up.

"Their lawyers all describe them as 'young and naive.' People you could approach
and say, 'Hey, how would you like a free trip to Vietnam?'"

Five of the six defendants are free pending trial, which has been delayed until
April of next year. All are U.S. citizens, Whalley said.

A sixth defendant, Richard Earl Anderson, 35, of Seattle was recently arrested
by authorities in Vietnam and turned over to U.S. officials.

He's in custody at the federal detention center in SeaTac and will have a bail
hearing Tuesday in U.S. District Court in Tacoma.

Loc Huu Nguyen was out of the country in December but returned from Vietnam to
the United States in April voluntarily.

The other alleged conspirators are Monica Nguyen, 30, of Lynwood; Everett
Ledbetter, 34, of Lynwood; and Amanda Thao Nguyen, 28, of Lynwood.

Operation Pit Boss also investigated illegal bookmaking at the New Phoenix and
Last Frontier cardrooms in La Center. The owners did not know about the criminal
activities and cooperated in the investigation, law officials said.

A former cardroom employee, Jamie Nguyet Bui, 41, of Orchards pleaded guilty
this week to illegal gambling and was sentenced to 20 days on a work crew.

LOAD-DATE: May 29, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2005 The Columbian Publishing Co.

                              774 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     July 15, 2004, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Riggs' case raises big oversight concerns

BYLINE: Elliot Blair Smith

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 469 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON

WASHINGTON -- Riggs National Bank was scolded by federal banking examiners for
weak money-laundering controls in almost every audit since 1997.

But the Washington, D.C., bank avoided enforcement action because of the
intervention of the government's head examiner, who later joined Riggs as an
executive, Senate investigators say in an investigative report today.

Ashley Lee, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency's examiner in charge
at Riggs from 1998 to 2002, before joining the bank as an executive vice
president, persuaded his agency not to impose sanctions in 2001 despite
regulators' strong concerns about potential money laundering, Senate
investigators say.


In 2002, Lee "specifically instructed" his examiners not to include their work
papers related to the suspicious bank accounts of former Chilean dictator
Augusto Pinochet in the agency's electronic file on Riggs, investigators say.

Lee became "more of an advocate for the bank than an arm's-length regulator,"
investigators say. "In fact, the record suggests senior OCC officials spent more
time reassuring Riggs that it would keep the Pinochet accounts confidential than
considering whether to initiate an enforcement action," the report says.

The investigators' findings raise significant concerns about federal banking
regulators' oversight.

"When a bank such as Riggs operates with such reckless abandon and federal
regulators are so ineffectual in their oversight, it does little to inspire
confidence in our country's determination to stop money laundering," says Sen.
Carl Levin, D-Mich, who promised to introduce legislation to toughen the OCC.

Gilbert Schwartz, an attorney for Lee, did not respond to requests for comment.
Lee told Senate investigators that his former subordinates must have been
"confused" about his instructions, but two former subordinates "insist there was
no confusion."

Despite a two-year ban on representing the bank before the OCC, Lee also
attended several conferences between the bank and his former government employer
in 2003 and early this year, investigators say.

OCC Deputy Comptroller Bob Garsson said, "This is a case we've acknowledged
represents a failure of supervision. Clearly we were too slow to act, too slow
to take enforcement actions." In a statement, Riggs also acknowledged broad
failings but said it had "bolstered our senior management and board-level
talent." The bank also said it had invested nearly $60 million to better comply
with banking law.

In May, Riggs hired the Lehman Bros. investment banking firm to pursue a
restructuring or sale of the bank. Bank analyst Gary Townsend of the Friedman
Billings Ramsey Group says, "They need desperately to be bought because the
franchise value, in my view, has been greatly diminished."

LOAD-DATE: July 15, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2004 Gannett Company, Inc.

                              775 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                           November 26, 2015 Thursday

Jury Finds Sapulpa Businessman Guilty of Mail Fraud, Money Laundering, and
Bankruptcy Fraud

LENGTH: 399  words


TULSA, OKFollowing a five-day jury trial, a Sapulpa businessman was convicted
for mail fraud, money laundering, and bankruptcy fraud resulting in a $133,500
loss to the Frank and Barbara Broyles Legacy Foundation, a charitable
organization and affiliate of the University of Arkansas Foundation. Frank
Broyles is the noted former athletic director and football coach of the
University of Arkansas.

United States Attorney Danny C. Williams Sr. of the Northern District of
Oklahoma; Special Agent in Charge Scott Cruse of the FBIs Oklahoma City Field
Office; and Special Agent in Charge Damon Rowe of the IRS-Criminal
Investigations Dallas division made the announcement.

Kelly Verd Nichols, 47, was charged by a superseding indictment on September 10,
2015, with two-counts of mail fraud; four-counts of unlawful monetary
transactions and money laundering; and four-counts of bankruptcy fraud. At the
time of the crimes, Nichols and his wife owned International Marketing
Consultants, LLC, and International Marketing Consultants, Inc.

United States District Chief Judge Gregory K. Frizzell presided over the jury
trial and will sentence Nichols on March 8, 2016.

According to evidence presented at trial, in 2007, Nichols convinced the Broyles
Foundation that International Marketing Consultants could produce a booklet
developed by Frank Broyles entitled Coach Broyles Playbook for Alzheimers
Caregivers, commonly referred to as the Playbook.

From 2007 to 2009, the Broyles Foundation ordered and paid for approximately
1,100,000 copies of the Playbook which was distributed nationally. In 2009, an
additional 500,000 copies were ordered and distributed.

The jury found that in May 2010, Nichols submitted a fraudulent invoice for
shipping of the Playbooks to the Broyles Foundation when in fact the Playbooks
were not printed or shipped as Nichols claimed. As a result, the Broyles
Foundation and UofA Foundation sent payment to Nichols totaling $133,500.

At the time of sentencing, Nichols faces up to 20 years in prison. As part of
his sentence, a criminal forfeiture money judgment will be entered in the amount
of $133,500 representing proceeds obtained as a result of the mail fraud scheme.

The case was investigated by the FBI and IRS-CI; and prosecuted by Assistant
U.S. Attorneys Kevin C. Leitch, Clemon D. Ashley, and Catherine Depew on behalf
of the United States. 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: November 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              776 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The New Zealand Herald

                              June 11, 2010 Friday

Senator calls for standard to stop 'honey laundering'

SECTION: NEWS; World

LENGTH: 216 words


ALBANY - A United States senator wants a national standard for pure honey to
sting fraudulent imports from China that are hurting an American honey market
valued at up to US$12 billion ($17.7 billion).

Senator Charles Schumer of New York is asking the commissioner of the Food and
Drug Administration for a standard that would halt imports of adulterated or
mislabelled honey from abroad.

It's called "honey laundering", and the states of Florida and Wisconsin have
enacted their own pure honey standards, with other states preparing similar
legislation to protect their markets.

Honey laundering includes intentionally mislabelling shipments of honey and
setting up shell companies to disguise the country of origin to avoid tariffs or
limit restrictions designed to protect US producers.

A Chinese executive pleaded guilty in August to a federal charge he conspired to
smuggle adulterated honey into the US to avoid tariffs. That case in Seattle was
one of two such criminal cases filed last year.

"Chinese companies, like common criminals, are honey laundering," Schumer said.
"They're intentionally hiding the true origin and content of their honey."
Schumer said more than 65 million kg of honey was produced each year in the US.
The Democrat said losses were as much as US$200 million a year.

- AP

LOAD-DATE: June 10, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 The New Zealand Herald
                              All Rights Reserved

                              777 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                       May 15, 2001 Tuesday FINAL EDITION

LAMORINDA MAN APPEALS MONEY-LAUNDERING SENTENCE;
LAWYER FOR FORMER GARBAGE COMPANY PRESIDENT ASKS COURT TO REDUCE PRISON TERM,
FINES

BYLINE: CLAIRE BOOTH TIMES STAFF WRITER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A03

LENGTH: 477 words


SAN FRANCISCO A former Lamorinda garbage company president convicted of bilking
millions of dollars from ratepayers took his case to a federal appellate court
Monday.

An attorney for William Douglas Lomow argued before the 9th Circuit Court of
Appeals that his client was sentenced incorrectly on money-laundering charges
and was ordered to pay too much restitution to his victims.

Lomow, 45, currently an inmate at the Federal Correctional Institution in
Lompoc, did not attend the hearing.

Lomow pleaded guilty in August 1998 to one count of money laundering and one
count of conspiracy to commit money laundering. A federal district court judge
sentenced him in February 2000 to six years in prison.

Federal prosecutors say Lomow, president of Orinda-Moraga Disposal, and partner
Robert Sliepka diverted to themselves an estimated $3 million from the company
in the early- and mid-1990s.

Lomow's case is "atypical" because it did not involve proceeds from drug
trafficking or organized crime, his attorney, Jonathan Soglin, told the
three-justice panel. He said Lomow should have received less than six years
behind bars because money laundering occurs with illegally received funds. The
underlying crime mail fraud should have been the less serious standard used for
sentencing, he said.

Federal prosecutor Martha Boersch told the justices that Lomow actually did
receive less than the maximum sentence allowed for money laundering, which was
definitely the crime committed.

"What we have here is a scheme to defraud that occurs on a yearly basis,"
Boersch said.

The U.S. Attorney's Office maintains that Lomow created sham companies that
Orinda-Moraga Disposal paid for phony expenses. The scheme included taking
payments from several of the disposal company's largest clients and hiding them
in noncompany accounts.

A court-appointed receiver still is working to track all of Lomow's multistate
holdings. Boersch told the justices that Lomow continued hiding assets from the
government.

At his sentencing, Lomow was ordered to pay $1.98 million in restitution. That
money is meant for the Lamorinda ratepayers who paid too much because Lomow kept
asking for rate increases while hiding money, Boersch said.

Soglin argued, however, that the total was set too high. Other amounts should be
deducted, including the $250,000 that an accountancy firm paid as part of a
related civil lawsuit settlement.

Boersch disagreed, saying Eckhoff Accountancy paid the money as a result of its
own negligence in not discovering the money laundering.

Soglin mentioned a $9 million civil judgment against Lomow and told the justices
his client is indigent.

"There's nothing left," he said.

The justices will issue a ruling at a later date.

Claire Booth covers courts. Reach her at 925-228-6177 or cbooth@cctimes.com.

LOAD-DATE: November 6, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2001 Contra Costa Times
                              All Rights Reserved

                              778 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     News-Journal (Daytona Beach, Florida)

                             March 30, 2015 Monday

Daytona Beach couple charged with identity theft, money laundering

BYLINE: Patricio G Balona, Patricio G. Balona patricio.balona@news-jrnl.com

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 477  words


A Daytona Beach man called his wife from the Seminole County jail telling her to
destroy evidence in his credit card fraud and identity theft case but police got
to his apartment in time to catch the woman in the act, reports state.

Enlarge

Charles Okafor

Charles Okafor, 27, was arrested in Seminole County on March 6 on multiple fraud
and grand theft charges and got out of the Polk Correctional Facility in Sanford
on March 25 on $30,000 bail.

Okafor's freedom was short-lived as Daytona Beach police, who were investigating
additional cases of fraud and money laundering against Okafor, found him the
next day, Thursday, in a room at the Residence Inn at 3209 S. Atlantic Ave. in
Daytona Beach Shores. Okafor was charged with communications fraud, fraudulent
use of a victim/certain specified individual, seven counts of fraudulent use of
personal identification information and five counts of conspiracy money
laundering transactions. Okafor was being held Monday in the Volusia County
Branch Jail on $250,000 bail.

Police said that while in the Seminole County jail, Okafor called his wife,
Judienne Okafor, 31, on March 10 and directed her to destroy evidence. In the
call Okafor tells his wife to search the pockets of his jacket he had in a
closet, a nightstand where he kept a brown envelope and a cabinet above the
stove in the kitchen where he had papers. Okafor told his wife to "put them
inside the toilet and flush." On March 11, Daytona Beach police executed a
search warrant at Okafor's apartment at 244 Integra Shores Drive and found
Judienne Okafor there. In the apartment, police found papers being burned in a
bathroom sink. Wet papers had been torn up in the kitchen sink, reports said.

Judienne Okafor said the papers were the ones her husband ordered her to
destroy. She was arrested and charged with communications fraud, tampering with
physical evidence and attempting to use another person's identification without
consent. She is free on $4,500 bail.

Investigators put together all the pieces of paper they found and discovered
that it was a list of names, Social Security numbers, dates of birth and the
driver's licenses of at least eight people from Ohio, New York, Mississippi and
Texas.

Two names -- James Giannone and Christopher Doyle -- were documented as identity
theft victims. Charles Okafor opened credit accounts in Giannone's name at the
Kohl's in Port Orange and bought gift cards and opened a $4,000 credit line at
Home Depot in Orange City, investigators said.

In February, Charles Okafor used Doyle's information to acquire more than $3,700
in Macy's gift cards from a Lowe's in DeLand. He used the cards to buy expensive
watches, perfumes and sunglasses from the store at the Volusia Mall, police
said.

Charles Okafor is also a suspect in fraud cases that DeLand police are
investigating, DeLand police Sgt. Chris Estes said.

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DBNJ

                Copyright 2015 ProQuest Information and Learning
                              All Rights Reserved
                               ProQuest SuperText
                    Copyright 2015 News-Journal Corporation

                              779 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 30, 2015 Friday

Arizona: Chief

LENGTH: 1865  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Justice has issued the following news release:

Chief
Criminal Division (CRM)
Asset Forfeiture and Money Laundering Section
Attorney
1400 New York Ave., NW
Washington, DC 20530
United States
15-CRM-SES-01
About the Office:

The Asset Forfeiture and Money Laundering Section provides centralized
management for the Department's asset forfeiture program to ensure its integrity
and maximize its law enforcement potential, while also providing managerial
direction to the Department's components in prosecuting money laundering. The
Section initiates, coordinates, and reviews legislative and policy proposals
impacting on the asset forfeiture program, money laundering enforcement, Bank
Secrecy Act and Kleptocracy.

The Section works with the entire spectrum of law enforcement and regulatory
agencies using an interagency, interdisciplinary and international approach. The
Section is mandated to: litigate complex, sensitive and multi-district cases;
coordinate multi-district investigations and prosecutions; provide guidance,
legal advice and assistance with respect to asset forfeiture and money
laundering investigations and prosecutions; develop regulatory and legislative
initiatives; ensure the uniform application of forfeiture and money laundering
statutes; and provide litigation assistance to U.S. Attorneys' Offices and
Criminal Division components.

The Section oversees asset forfeiture and money laundering training and conducts
seminars for federal prosecutors, investigating agents, and law enforcement
personnel. It also produces legal publications and training materials to enhance
its legal support functions.

The Section adjudicates all petitions for remission or mitigation of forfeited
assets in judicial forfeiture cases, administers the Weed and Seed Program and
the Equitable Sharing Program, and oversees the approval of the placement of
forfeited property into official use by federal agencies.
Job Description:

The Chief of AFMLS:

- Vigorously enforces money laundering, Bank Secrecy Act, and forfeiture laws;
supervises the work of attorneys assigned to matters requiring grand jury
presentations and trial; reviews proposed court orders and motions; renders
advice as to strategy and evidence problems; reviews appellate briefs; and
supervises, counsels, and advises attorneys in the trial of cases.

· Plans and supervises all policy and operational activities within the Section
and implements the Department's strategic planning for asset forfeiture and
money laundering goals.

· Proposes and reviews legislative initiatives and Department policies regarding
asset forfeiture, money laundering, and the Bank Secrecy Act; and assesses the
implications of proposed legislation on investigative operations.

· Improves procedures for obtaining oversight and assistance to the U.S.
Attorneys' forfeiture litigation; and provides legal advice, training, and
guidance on specialized aspects of money laundering, asset forfeiture, and the
Bank Secrecy Act to the U.S. Attorneys' Offices and investigative organizations.

· Consults with the Deputy Assistant Attorney General and the Assistant Attorney
General concerning legal and policy questions relating to statutes administered
by the Section and the status of important cases; reviews and approves a large
volume of general correspondence, legal opinions, authorizations, instructions,
and advisory materials that emanate from the Section; upon request, prepares
testimony for congressional committees; and participates in annual regional
international conferences to foster joint asset forfeiture investigations.

· Provides direct oversight over the allocation of two distinct financial
resources: the Division's general allocation and the money received from the
Assets Forfeiture Fund; strengthens internal controls for financial systems and
improves efficient and cost-effective fund management and accountability; and
streamlines Section operations and reporting hierarchies to ensure that the
Section's core competencies are results oriented and citizen-centered.

· Develops a comprehensive business plan for the Section which sets forth the
justification for resources and identifies areas for cost savings; acquires and
leverages needed fiscal and human resources to achieve results-oriented
outcomes; and develops budget enhancements that include both performance
measures and outcomes that reflect the Section's, Division's and Department's
strategic goals and objectives.

· Demonstrates a strong commitment and support for the Division's equal
employment policies and programs to enhance workforce diversity; and promotes
merit promotion principles in all aspects of personnel hiring, promotions,
training and development and employee retention.
Qualifications:

Interested applicants must possess a J.D. degree and be duly licensed and
authorized to practice as an attorney under the laws of any State, territory of
the United States, or the District of Columbia. Applicants must be an active
member of the bar (any jurisdiction) in good standing and have at least 5 years
post-J.D. experience. Applicants must also have a high level of
management/supervisory experience, proven leadership skill, significant trial
experience, and substantive knowledge in the areas of asset forfeiture, money
laundering, and/or other cases involving financial institutions.

Applicants must submit a resume and a separate narrative statement/response that
addresses each of the Mandatory Professional/Technical Qualification factors
related to this position as well as the Executive Core Qualifications (ECQs)
related to all positions in the Senior Executive Service.

OPM's Guide to Senior Executive Service Qualifications can assist you in writing
an effective SES application. In particular, please note the
Challenge-Context-Action-Result Model that is recommended and very helpful when
drafting ECQ narrative responses. The Guide is available on OPM's Website at:
http://www.opm.gov/policy-data-oversight/senior-executive-service/reference-mate
rials/guidetosesquals_2012.pdf

Mandatory Professional/Technical Qualification Requirements:

1. Experience in developing and prosecuting complex federal criminal and/or
asset forfeiture cases;

2. Thorough knowledge of federal regulatory and investigatory agencies, on-going
programs and key national goals and priorities relating to asset forfeiture and
money laundering;

3. Significant experience in supervising criminal and/or asset forfeiture cases
and reviewing the work product of attorneys; and

4. Ability to formulate and implement Departmental policies on all matters
pertaining to assigned areas.

Candidates will be evaluated on the mandatory Professional/Technical
Qualification Requirements identified above. If candidates are found to possess
all technical requirements, they will then be evaluated based on the Executive
Core Qualifications as established by the U.S. Office of Personnel Management
(OPM) outlined below.

Executive/Managerial Requirements:

ECQ 1 - LEADING CHANGE. This core qualification encompasses the ability to
develop and implement an organizational vision, which integrates key national
and program goals, priorities, values, and other factors. Inherent to it is the
ability to balance change and continuity to continually strive to improve
customer service and program performance within the basic Government framework,
to create a work environment that encourages creative thinking, and to maintain
focus, intensity and persistence, even under adversity.

o Leadership Competencies: Creativity & Innovation, Continual Learning, External
Awareness, Flexibility, Resilience, Service Motivation, Strategic Thinking,
Vision

ECQ 2 - LEADING PEOPLE. This core qualification involves the ability to design
and implement strategies, which maximize employee potential and foster high
ethical standards in meeting the organization's vision, mission, and goals.

o Leadership Competencies: Conflict Management, Cultural Awareness,
Integrity/Honesty, Team Building

ECQ 3 - RESULTS DRIVEN. This core qualification stresses accountability and
continuous improvement. It includes the ability to make timely and effective
decisions and produce results through strategic planning and the implementation
and evaluation of programs and policies.

o Leadership Competencies: Accountability, Customer Service, Decisiveness,
Entrepreneurship, Problem Solving, Technical Credibility

ECQ 4 - BUSINESS ACUMEN. This core qualification involves the ability to acquire
and administer human, financial, material, and information resources in a manner
which instills public trust and accomplishes the organization's mission, and to
use new technology to enhance decision making.

o Leadership Competencies: Financial Management, Technology Management, Human
Resources Management

ECQ 5 - BUILDING COALITIONS. This core qualification involves the ability to
explain, advocate and express facts and ideas in a convincing manner, and
negotiate with individuals and groups internally and externally. It also
involves the ability to develop an expansive professional network with other
organizations, and to identify the internal and external politics that impact
the work of the organization.

o Leadership Competencies: Influencing/Negotiating, Interpersonal Skills, Oral
Communication, Partnering, Political Savvy, Written Communication
Salary:
$121,956 to $183,300 SES pay is determined within the pay range, commensurate
with experience, superior leadership qualifications, and/or other competencies
consistent with the agency mission, contingent on Department pay-setting rules.
Travel:
Some travel required.
Application Process:

To receive consideration, applicants must submit:

1. A resume.

2. A separate statement addressing each of the Mandatory Professional/Technical
Qualification Requirements.

3. A separate statement addressing each ECQ that describes your managerial
experience. While individuals who are current or former career SES members
(approved by OPM and have completed an initial probationary period) need not
submit an Executive Core Qualifications statement, they are required to provide
an SF-50 or SES certificate to demonstrate their current or prior service.
Otherwise, the absence of ECQs will be identified as a failure to comply with
the requirements of the vacancy. Applicants must meet qualification requirements
by the closing date of the announcement.

4. If you are a current or recent Federal employee, you must submit a copy of
your latest Notification of Personnel Action (SF-50) and a performance appraisal
issued within the past 12 months, or if none exists, please include a statement
to that effect.

** Preference is to receive an application via e-mail at SES.CRMJOBS@USDOJ.GOV
Email links icon

Applications being mailed should be sent to*:

Department of Justice/Criminal Division
Human Capital Staff
1331 F. Street, NW
Suite 400
Washington, DC 20530
Attn: Monet Gregory

*As all incoming U.S. mail must be processed at a remote facility prior to final
delivery, to avoid delay in receipt, it is highly recommended that applicants
use Federal Express.

For additional information, please call:

CONTACT: Monet Gregory
CONTACT PHONE: 202-305-1620
E-MAIL: SES.CRMJOBS@USDOJ.GOV

Deadline

LOAD-DATE: January 31, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              780 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 26, 2015 Monday

Arizona: Chief

LENGTH: 1865  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Justice has issued the following news release:

Chief
Criminal Division (CRM)
Asset Forfeiture and Money Laundering Section
Attorney
1400 New York Ave., NW
Washington, DC 20530
United States
15-CRM-SES-01
About the Office:

The Asset Forfeiture and Money Laundering Section provides centralized
management for the Department's asset forfeiture program to ensure its integrity
and maximize its law enforcement potential, while also providing managerial
direction to the Department's components in prosecuting money laundering. The
Section initiates, coordinates, and reviews legislative and policy proposals
impacting on the asset forfeiture program, money laundering enforcement, Bank
Secrecy Act and Kleptocracy.

The Section works with the entire spectrum of law enforcement and regulatory
agencies using an interagency, interdisciplinary and international approach. The
Section is mandated to: litigate complex, sensitive and multi-district cases;
coordinate multi-district investigations and prosecutions; provide guidance,
legal advice and assistance with respect to asset forfeiture and money
laundering investigations and prosecutions; develop regulatory and legislative
initiatives; ensure the uniform application of forfeiture and money laundering
statutes; and provide litigation assistance to U.S. Attorneys' Offices and
Criminal Division components.

The Section oversees asset forfeiture and money laundering training and conducts
seminars for federal prosecutors, investigating agents, and law enforcement
personnel. It also produces legal publications and training materials to enhance
its legal support functions.

The Section adjudicates all petitions for remission or mitigation of forfeited
assets in judicial forfeiture cases, administers the Weed and Seed Program and
the Equitable Sharing Program, and oversees the approval of the placement of
forfeited property into official use by federal agencies.
Job Description:

The Chief of AFMLS:

- Vigorously enforces money laundering, Bank Secrecy Act, and forfeiture laws;
supervises the work of attorneys assigned to matters requiring grand jury
presentations and trial; reviews proposed court orders and motions; renders
advice as to strategy and evidence problems; reviews appellate briefs; and
supervises, counsels, and advises attorneys in the trial of cases.

· Plans and supervises all policy and operational activities within the Section
and implements the Department's strategic planning for asset forfeiture and
money laundering goals.

· Proposes and reviews legislative initiatives and Department policies regarding
asset forfeiture, money laundering, and the Bank Secrecy Act; and assesses the
implications of proposed legislation on investigative operations.

· Improves procedures for obtaining oversight and assistance to the U.S.
Attorneys' forfeiture litigation; and provides legal advice, training, and
guidance on specialized aspects of money laundering, asset forfeiture, and the
Bank Secrecy Act to the U.S. Attorneys' Offices and investigative organizations.

· Consults with the Deputy Assistant Attorney General and the Assistant Attorney
General concerning legal and policy questions relating to statutes administered
by the Section and the status of important cases; reviews and approves a large
volume of general correspondence, legal opinions, authorizations, instructions,
and advisory materials that emanate from the Section; upon request, prepares
testimony for congressional committees; and participates in annual regional
international conferences to foster joint asset forfeiture investigations.

· Provides direct oversight over the allocation of two distinct financial
resources: the Division's general allocation and the money received from the
Assets Forfeiture Fund; strengthens internal controls for financial systems and
improves efficient and cost-effective fund management and accountability; and
streamlines Section operations and reporting hierarchies to ensure that the
Section's core competencies are results oriented and citizen-centered.

· Develops a comprehensive business plan for the Section which sets forth the
justification for resources and identifies areas for cost savings; acquires and
leverages needed fiscal and human resources to achieve results-oriented
outcomes; and develops budget enhancements that include both performance
measures and outcomes that reflect the Section's, Division's and Department's
strategic goals and objectives.

· Demonstrates a strong commitment and support for the Division's equal
employment policies and programs to enhance workforce diversity; and promotes
merit promotion principles in all aspects of personnel hiring, promotions,
training and development and employee retention.
Qualifications:

Interested applicants must possess a J.D. degree and be duly licensed and
authorized to practice as an attorney under the laws of any State, territory of
the United States, or the District of Columbia. Applicants must be an active
member of the bar (any jurisdiction) in good standing and have at least 5 years
post-J.D. experience. Applicants must also have a high level of
management/supervisory experience, proven leadership skill, significant trial
experience, and substantive knowledge in the areas of asset forfeiture, money
laundering, and/or other cases involving financial institutions.

Applicants must submit a resume and a separate narrative statement/response that
addresses each of the Mandatory Professional/Technical Qualification factors
related to this position as well as the Executive Core Qualifications (ECQs)
related to all positions in the Senior Executive Service.

OPM's Guide to Senior Executive Service Qualifications can assist you in writing
an effective SES application. In particular, please note the
Challenge-Context-Action-Result Model that is recommended and very helpful when
drafting ECQ narrative responses. The Guide is available on OPM's Website at:
http://www.opm.gov/policy-data-oversight/senior-executive-service/reference-mate
rials/guidetosesquals_2012.pdf

Mandatory Professional/Technical Qualification Requirements:

1. Experience in developing and prosecuting complex federal criminal and/or
asset forfeiture cases;

2. Thorough knowledge of federal regulatory and investigatory agencies, on-going
programs and key national goals and priorities relating to asset forfeiture and
money laundering;

3. Significant experience in supervising criminal and/or asset forfeiture cases
and reviewing the work product of attorneys; and

4. Ability to formulate and implement Departmental policies on all matters
pertaining to assigned areas.

Candidates will be evaluated on the mandatory Professional/Technical
Qualification Requirements identified above. If candidates are found to possess
all technical requirements, they will then be evaluated based on the Executive
Core Qualifications as established by the U.S. Office of Personnel Management
(OPM) outlined below.

Executive/Managerial Requirements:

ECQ 1 - LEADING CHANGE. This core qualification encompasses the ability to
develop and implement an organizational vision, which integrates key national
and program goals, priorities, values, and other factors. Inherent to it is the
ability to balance change and continuity to continually strive to improve
customer service and program performance within the basic Government framework,
to create a work environment that encourages creative thinking, and to maintain
focus, intensity and persistence, even under adversity.

o Leadership Competencies: Creativity & Innovation, Continual Learning, External
Awareness, Flexibility, Resilience, Service Motivation, Strategic Thinking,
Vision

ECQ 2 - LEADING PEOPLE. This core qualification involves the ability to design
and implement strategies, which maximize employee potential and foster high
ethical standards in meeting the organization's vision, mission, and goals.

o Leadership Competencies: Conflict Management, Cultural Awareness,
Integrity/Honesty, Team Building

ECQ 3 - RESULTS DRIVEN. This core qualification stresses accountability and
continuous improvement. It includes the ability to make timely and effective
decisions and produce results through strategic planning and the implementation
and evaluation of programs and policies.

o Leadership Competencies: Accountability, Customer Service, Decisiveness,
Entrepreneurship, Problem Solving, Technical Credibility

ECQ 4 - BUSINESS ACUMEN. This core qualification involves the ability to acquire
and administer human, financial, material, and information resources in a manner
which instills public trust and accomplishes the organization's mission, and to
use new technology to enhance decision making.

o Leadership Competencies: Financial Management, Technology Management, Human
Resources Management

ECQ 5 - BUILDING COALITIONS. This core qualification involves the ability to
explain, advocate and express facts and ideas in a convincing manner, and
negotiate with individuals and groups internally and externally. It also
involves the ability to develop an expansive professional network with other
organizations, and to identify the internal and external politics that impact
the work of the organization.

o Leadership Competencies: Influencing/Negotiating, Interpersonal Skills, Oral
Communication, Partnering, Political Savvy, Written Communication
Salary:
$121,956 to $183,300 SES pay is determined within the pay range, commensurate
with experience, superior leadership qualifications, and/or other competencies
consistent with the agency mission, contingent on Department pay-setting rules.
Travel:
Some travel required.
Application Process:

To receive consideration, applicants must submit:

1. A resume.

2. A separate statement addressing each of the Mandatory Professional/Technical
Qualification Requirements.

3. A separate statement addressing each ECQ that describes your managerial
experience. While individuals who are current or former career SES members
(approved by OPM and have completed an initial probationary period) need not
submit an Executive Core Qualifications statement, they are required to provide
an SF-50 or SES certificate to demonstrate their current or prior service.
Otherwise, the absence of ECQs will be identified as a failure to comply with
the requirements of the vacancy. Applicants must meet qualification requirements
by the closing date of the announcement.

4. If you are a current or recent Federal employee, you must submit a copy of
your latest Notification of Personnel Action (SF-50) and a performance appraisal
issued within the past 12 months, or if none exists, please include a statement
to that effect.

** Preference is to receive an application via e-mail at SES.CRMJOBS@USDOJ.GOV
Email links icon

Applications being mailed should be sent to*:

Department of Justice/Criminal Division
Human Capital Staff
1331 F. Street, NW
Suite 400
Washington, DC 20530
Attn: Monet Gregory

*As all incoming U.S. mail must be processed at a remote facility prior to final
delivery, to avoid delay in receipt, it is highly recommended that applicants
use Federal Express.

For additional information, please call:

CONTACT: Monet Gregory
CONTACT PHONE: 202-305-1620
E-MAIL: SES.CRMJOBS@USDOJ.GOV

Deadline

LOAD-DATE: January 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              781 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 23, 2015 Friday

Arizona: Chief

LENGTH: 1865  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Justice has issued the following news release:

Chief
Criminal Division (CRM)
Asset Forfeiture and Money Laundering Section
Attorney
1400 New York Ave., NW
Washington, DC 20530
United States
15-CRM-SES-01
About the Office:

The Asset Forfeiture and Money Laundering Section provides centralized
management for the Department's asset forfeiture program to ensure its integrity
and maximize its law enforcement potential, while also providing managerial
direction to the Department's components in prosecuting money laundering. The
Section initiates, coordinates, and reviews legislative and policy proposals
impacting on the asset forfeiture program, money laundering enforcement, Bank
Secrecy Act and Kleptocracy.

The Section works with the entire spectrum of law enforcement and regulatory
agencies using an interagency, interdisciplinary and international approach. The
Section is mandated to: litigate complex, sensitive and multi-district cases;
coordinate multi-district investigations and prosecutions; provide guidance,
legal advice and assistance with respect to asset forfeiture and money
laundering investigations and prosecutions; develop regulatory and legislative
initiatives; ensure the uniform application of forfeiture and money laundering
statutes; and provide litigation assistance to U.S. Attorneys' Offices and
Criminal Division components.

The Section oversees asset forfeiture and money laundering training and conducts
seminars for federal prosecutors, investigating agents, and law enforcement
personnel. It also produces legal publications and training materials to enhance
its legal support functions.

The Section adjudicates all petitions for remission or mitigation of forfeited
assets in judicial forfeiture cases, administers the Weed and Seed Program and
the Equitable Sharing Program, and oversees the approval of the placement of
forfeited property into official use by federal agencies.
Job Description:

The Chief of AFMLS:

- Vigorously enforces money laundering, Bank Secrecy Act, and forfeiture laws;
supervises the work of attorneys assigned to matters requiring grand jury
presentations and trial; reviews proposed court orders and motions; renders
advice as to strategy and evidence problems; reviews appellate briefs; and
supervises, counsels, and advises attorneys in the trial of cases.

· Plans and supervises all policy and operational activities within the Section
and implements the Department's strategic planning for asset forfeiture and
money laundering goals.

· Proposes and reviews legislative initiatives and Department policies regarding
asset forfeiture, money laundering, and the Bank Secrecy Act; and assesses the
implications of proposed legislation on investigative operations.

· Improves procedures for obtaining oversight and assistance to the U.S.
Attorneys' forfeiture litigation; and provides legal advice, training, and
guidance on specialized aspects of money laundering, asset forfeiture, and the
Bank Secrecy Act to the U.S. Attorneys' Offices and investigative organizations.

· Consults with the Deputy Assistant Attorney General and the Assistant Attorney
General concerning legal and policy questions relating to statutes administered
by the Section and the status of important cases; reviews and approves a large
volume of general correspondence, legal opinions, authorizations, instructions,
and advisory materials that emanate from the Section; upon request, prepares
testimony for congressional committees; and participates in annual regional
international conferences to foster joint asset forfeiture investigations.

· Provides direct oversight over the allocation of two distinct financial
resources: the Division's general allocation and the money received from the
Assets Forfeiture Fund; strengthens internal controls for financial systems and
improves efficient and cost-effective fund management and accountability; and
streamlines Section operations and reporting hierarchies to ensure that the
Section's core competencies are results oriented and citizen-centered.

· Develops a comprehensive business plan for the Section which sets forth the
justification for resources and identifies areas for cost savings; acquires and
leverages needed fiscal and human resources to achieve results-oriented
outcomes; and develops budget enhancements that include both performance
measures and outcomes that reflect the Section's, Division's and Department's
strategic goals and objectives.

· Demonstrates a strong commitment and support for the Division's equal
employment policies and programs to enhance workforce diversity; and promotes
merit promotion principles in all aspects of personnel hiring, promotions,
training and development and employee retention.
Qualifications:

Interested applicants must possess a J.D. degree and be duly licensed and
authorized to practice as an attorney under the laws of any State, territory of
the United States, or the District of Columbia. Applicants must be an active
member of the bar (any jurisdiction) in good standing and have at least 5 years
post-J.D. experience. Applicants must also have a high level of
management/supervisory experience, proven leadership skill, significant trial
experience, and substantive knowledge in the areas of asset forfeiture, money
laundering, and/or other cases involving financial institutions.

Applicants must submit a resume and a separate narrative statement/response that
addresses each of the Mandatory Professional/Technical Qualification factors
related to this position as well as the Executive Core Qualifications (ECQs)
related to all positions in the Senior Executive Service.

OPM's Guide to Senior Executive Service Qualifications can assist you in writing
an effective SES application. In particular, please note the
Challenge-Context-Action-Result Model that is recommended and very helpful when
drafting ECQ narrative responses. The Guide is available on OPM's Website at:
http://www.opm.gov/policy-data-oversight/senior-executive-service/reference-mate
rials/guidetosesquals_2012.pdf

Mandatory Professional/Technical Qualification Requirements:

1. Experience in developing and prosecuting complex federal criminal and/or
asset forfeiture cases;

2. Thorough knowledge of federal regulatory and investigatory agencies, on-going
programs and key national goals and priorities relating to asset forfeiture and
money laundering;

3. Significant experience in supervising criminal and/or asset forfeiture cases
and reviewing the work product of attorneys; and

4. Ability to formulate and implement Departmental policies on all matters
pertaining to assigned areas.

Candidates will be evaluated on the mandatory Professional/Technical
Qualification Requirements identified above. If candidates are found to possess
all technical requirements, they will then be evaluated based on the Executive
Core Qualifications as established by the U.S. Office of Personnel Management
(OPM) outlined below.

Executive/Managerial Requirements:

ECQ 1 - LEADING CHANGE. This core qualification encompasses the ability to
develop and implement an organizational vision, which integrates key national
and program goals, priorities, values, and other factors. Inherent to it is the
ability to balance change and continuity to continually strive to improve
customer service and program performance within the basic Government framework,
to create a work environment that encourages creative thinking, and to maintain
focus, intensity and persistence, even under adversity.

o Leadership Competencies: Creativity & Innovation, Continual Learning, External
Awareness, Flexibility, Resilience, Service Motivation, Strategic Thinking,
Vision

ECQ 2 - LEADING PEOPLE. This core qualification involves the ability to design
and implement strategies, which maximize employee potential and foster high
ethical standards in meeting the organization's vision, mission, and goals.

o Leadership Competencies: Conflict Management, Cultural Awareness,
Integrity/Honesty, Team Building

ECQ 3 - RESULTS DRIVEN. This core qualification stresses accountability and
continuous improvement. It includes the ability to make timely and effective
decisions and produce results through strategic planning and the implementation
and evaluation of programs and policies.

o Leadership Competencies: Accountability, Customer Service, Decisiveness,
Entrepreneurship, Problem Solving, Technical Credibility

ECQ 4 - BUSINESS ACUMEN. This core qualification involves the ability to acquire
and administer human, financial, material, and information resources in a manner
which instills public trust and accomplishes the organization's mission, and to
use new technology to enhance decision making.

o Leadership Competencies: Financial Management, Technology Management, Human
Resources Management

ECQ 5 - BUILDING COALITIONS. This core qualification involves the ability to
explain, advocate and express facts and ideas in a convincing manner, and
negotiate with individuals and groups internally and externally. It also
involves the ability to develop an expansive professional network with other
organizations, and to identify the internal and external politics that impact
the work of the organization.

o Leadership Competencies: Influencing/Negotiating, Interpersonal Skills, Oral
Communication, Partnering, Political Savvy, Written Communication
Salary:
$121,956 to $183,300 SES pay is determined within the pay range, commensurate
with experience, superior leadership qualifications, and/or other competencies
consistent with the agency mission, contingent on Department pay-setting rules.
Travel:
Some travel required.
Application Process:

To receive consideration, applicants must submit:

1. A resume.

2. A separate statement addressing each of the Mandatory Professional/Technical
Qualification Requirements.

3. A separate statement addressing each ECQ that describes your managerial
experience. While individuals who are current or former career SES members
(approved by OPM and have completed an initial probationary period) need not
submit an Executive Core Qualifications statement, they are required to provide
an SF-50 or SES certificate to demonstrate their current or prior service.
Otherwise, the absence of ECQs will be identified as a failure to comply with
the requirements of the vacancy. Applicants must meet qualification requirements
by the closing date of the announcement.

4. If you are a current or recent Federal employee, you must submit a copy of
your latest Notification of Personnel Action (SF-50) and a performance appraisal
issued within the past 12 months, or if none exists, please include a statement
to that effect.

** Preference is to receive an application via e-mail at SES.CRMJOBS@USDOJ.GOV
Email links icon

Applications being mailed should be sent to*:

Department of Justice/Criminal Division
Human Capital Staff
1331 F. Street, NW
Suite 400
Washington, DC 20530
Attn: Monet Gregory

*As all incoming U.S. mail must be processed at a remote facility prior to final
delivery, to avoid delay in receipt, it is highly recommended that applicants
use Federal Express.

For additional information, please call:

CONTACT: Monet Gregory
CONTACT PHONE: 202-305-1620
E-MAIL: SES.CRMJOBS@USDOJ.GOV

Deadline

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              782 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           November 25, 2010 Thursday
                                Suburban Edition

DeLay convicted of money laundering

BYLINE: Robert Barnes;and R. Jeffrey Smith

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 931 words


Former House majority leader Tom DeLay, the Texan architect of Republican power
in Congress, was convicted Wednesday of illegally plotting to funnel corporate
contributions to home-state legislative candidates in 2002.

A jury in Austin found DeLay guilty of money laundering and conspiracy to commit
money laundering. Punishment for the first ranges from five years to life in
prison, but the former congressman from the Houston suburb of Sugar Land could
receive probation.

DeLay will remain free until he is sentenced on Dec. 20.

"This case is a message from the people of the state of Texas that they want -
and expect - honesty and ethics in their public officials," said Travis County
District Attorney Rosemary Lehmberg. "All people have to abide by the law."

Reporters in the courtroom described DeLay as stunned by the verdict, which came
after 19 hours of deliberation.

"This is an abuse of power," the former congressman said outside the courtroom.
"It's a miscarriage of justice, and I still maintain that I am innocent. The
criminalization of politics undermines our very system, and I am very
disappointed in the outcome."

The conviction follows years of investigation of DeLay, 63, who came to
symbolize the intersection of money and politics in Washington. He made a
mission of solidifying the Republican majority in Congress, and his ability to
raise campaign cash was part of his power and eventual downfall.

For a time, DeLay was the Republicans' chief vote counter and patronage
dispenser, and he earned his nickname, "The Hammer," for the dictatorial style
with which he commanded House Republicans - and tormented President Bill Clinton
and Democrats.

Over three weeks, prosecutors presented more than 30 witnesses and volumes of
documents todescribe a campaign-finance scheme that benefited Texas legislative
candidates but was aimed at cementing GOP power in Congress. They said a
political action committee that DeLay started in Texas solicited $190,000 from
corporate interests and sent it to an arm of the Republican National Committee.
They said that group then distributed the money to seven legislative candidates
in an effort to skirt Texas law, which forbids corporate contributions to
political campaigns.

Prosecutors said that the money helped the GOP win control of the Texas House
and that the majority then pushed through a DeLay-organized congressional
redistricting plan that sent more Republicans to Congress.

"There is nothing wrong with Republicans trying to dominate the political
world," prosecutor Beverly Mathews told jurors when the trial opened. "But the
means to achieve that gain must be lawful."

DeLay's attorney, noted Texas lawyer Dick DeGuerin, denied that his client had
conspired with associates Jim Ellis and John Colyandro to subvert Texas law. He
acknowledged that the same amount of money DeLay sent to Washington came back to
Texas, but he said the money from the RNC group was from individual
contributors, which is legal under state law.

"It's not the same money," DeGuerin told jurors in opening arguments. "No money
was laundered."

DeGuerin also called Wednesday's verdict "a terrible miscarriage of justice" and
vowed to appeal.

"To say I'm shocked is an understatement," he said.

With characteristic bravado, DeLay expressed confidence throughout the trial
that he would be exonerated, and he suggested that his victory would open the
door to a more active role in federal politics after spending the past four
years cooling his heels as a Republican consultant and an informal adviser to
tea party activists.

DeLay, who had an extermination business before he was elected to Congress, was
back in the national limelight in 2009 as a contestant on the ABC hit television
show "Dancing With the Stars."

He has always said that the charges against him were politically motivated, a
vendetta on the part of former Travis County district attorney Ronnie Earle. But
a statement to Earle in which DeLay said he had known about and sanctioned the
money swap was damaging.

The former congressman later said he misspoke, telling reporters that "even if I
knew about the deal, the deal is legal. So what's the conspiracy?"  Three years
ago, DeLay and his attorneys briefly considered a plea bargain because of his
statement. But he decided instead to hang tough.

Lead prosecutor Gary Cobb said Wednesday that the jury had acted without a
political agenda, and so had his office.

"We thought the citizens of Travis County would see this case for what it was: a
corrupt politician who was caught violating the laws of the state," Cobb said.

Five years ago, DeLay's political career began to unravel with disclosure of the
details of his money-raising operation and his extensive connections to
Washington lobbyist Jack Abramoff. The lobbyist was eventually convicted on
conspiracy, mail fraud and tax charges. Those disclosures helped undo the
Republican majority in the 2006 midterm elections.

Abramoff notably paid for DeLay's airfare to London and Scotland in 2000 for a
golfing trip, while DeLay's former chief of staff - another lobbyist who was
handsomely compensated by Abramoff - paid for some of the former congressman's
expenses on that trip.

In August, after a six-year investigation, the Justice Department informed
DeLay's attorneys that he would not be indicted for his long association with
Abramoff, who DeLay reiterated was still "a friend of mine." That investigation
had already produced guilty pleas to federal charges by DeLay's former deputy
chief of staff and one of his close aides.

barnesb@washpost.com

smithj@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: November 25, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved

                              783 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The Day (New London, Connecticut)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           October 20, 2010 Wednesday

BRIEF: Feds charge LaSaracina with fraud, money laundering

BYLINE: Brian Hallenbeck, The Day, New London, Conn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 272 words


Oct. 20--Hartford-- A federal magistrate released Norwich accountant F. Robert
LaSaracina on $500,000 bond this morning after he was presented in U.S. District
Court on federal charges of mail fraud, wire fraud and money laundering.

LaSaracina has been charged in state Probate Court of defrauding a family estate
of millions of dollars and is named in a number of Superior Court suits by
plaintiffs who allege he has defrauded them by taking money for purported
investments.

The U.S. Attorney's Office is charging him with devising and executing a scheme
to obtain monety and property from victms for his personal and business
expenses.

U.S. Magistrate Judge Donna F. Martinez ordered LaSaracina to surrender his
passport by noon Friday; restricted him to Connecticut; ordered him to avoid
contact with any person who might become a witness for the prosecution and
anyone who has invested money with him; and directed him to refrain from
excessive use of alcohol and drugs.

He was ordered to submit to an evaluation for the treatment of gambling
addiction and forbidden from entering any casino. Any financial transaction for
more than $500 that involves him must be approved by the U.S. Probation Office.

To see more of The Day, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.theday.com. Copyright (c) 2010, The Day, New London, Conn.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail services@mctinfoservices.com, or
call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States, call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20101020-NL-BRF-Feds-charge-LaSaracina-with-fraud-money-laundering
-1020-20101020

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NL


                             Copyright 2010 The Day

                              784 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald-Tribune (Florida)

                            March 27, 2008 Thursday
                                SARASOTA EDITION

Federal jury convicts Prewett;
Businessman faces at least 10 years for drugs and money laundering

BYLINE: By TODD RUGER todd.ruger@heraldtribune.com

SECTION: B SECTION; Pg. BS1

LENGTH: 373 words

DATELINE: TAMPA


A federal jury relied on overwhelming evidence to convict Sarasota businessman
Daniel Prewett of federal drug and money laundering charges Wednesday.

Prewett, 57, former owner of Jackson Hewitt tax franchises and two Sarasota
nightclubs, faces a prison term of at least 10 years at a sentencing hearing
scheduled for June 6, prosecutors said.

A video of Prewett's meeting with a paid government informant in his tax office
was critical to the case, and captured Prewett describing three options for
laundering $100,000 cash.

"Since I'm sending this from my company to your company, or one of my companies,
how do you want me to code this to you?" Prewett asks the man, a paid
confidential source for Immigration and Customs Enforcement who was working
undercover.

The jury deliberated for three hours before handing down the guilty verdict.
Prewett dropped his head to his chest when it was read.

Prewett twice took $100,000 in cash from the confidential source, took a 10
percent cut to "clean" it, and transferred $90,000 to an undercover ICE bank
account from his investment firm, JH Investment Services.

Prewett also wired $80,000 to an undercover bank account so Luciano Angrilli, a
man who ran his nightclubs, could buy 10 kilograms of cocaine from undercover
agents.

The drug charges are unrelated to lawsuits filed by Prewett's former clients who
claim he ripped them off on real estate and money market investments.

It is doubtful Prewett will ever face criminal charges related to the millions
of dollars his former clients say he stole.

Prewett, whose main offices were on Beneva Road, had fled to Italy to escape the
drug charges, and federal prosecutors say extradition laws prohibit them from
bringing new charges against him.

Prewett's co-defendant, Angrilli, pleaded guilty in the drug case but fled
before his sentencing. The government has not found him.

There are more than $36 million in claims against Prewett in bankruptcy court.
The IRS has also sued him for $138 million, claiming that he helped some of his
clients avoid taxes by illegally hiding their money.

Prewett was a felon with a tax fraud conviction when he moved to Florida in
1992. Despite his criminal record, he ran several Jackson Hewitt tax preparation
franchises.

LOAD-DATE: March 28, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO
 Daniel Prewett owned Jackson Hewitt tax franchises and two nightclubs in
Sarasota County.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              785 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                   August 30, 2003 Saturday Mishawaka Edition

Metro briefs

BYLINE: Staff Reports

SECTION: NATION; Pg. A6

LENGTH: 865 words


SOUTH BEND

Grandparents as parents to be topic of radio show

 The call-in radio show "Providing Options" on Sunday will feature two officers
of the support group Grandparents as Parents.

Opal Bufford is the president and Kathy Collins is the public relations officer
of the group for folks who are raising their grandchildren.

The show will air at 8:05 p.m. on WSBT, 960 AM. Listeners may call in at (574)
282-2696.

Man appears in court on drug, money charges

 A South Bend man facing federal drug and money laundering charges that carry at
least 20 years in prison if he's convicted made an initial appearance in court
Thursday.

Robert Sleepers, 38, was charged by a grand jury recently with conspiracy to
distribute more than 5 kilograms of crack cocaine and cocaine from 1998 to 2002,
conspiracy to commit money laundering and separate counts alleging cocaine
dealing and money laundering.

The money laundering charge accuses him of purchasing vehicles with drug
proceeds.

Since Sleepers has two prior felony drug convictions, the drug conspiracy count
would carry a mandatory minimum of 20 years to life in prison upon conviction,
according to Assistant U.S. Attorney Donald Schmid.

The other charges carry possible imprisonment of up to 20 to 30 years, Schmid
said.

Sleepers appeared before U.S. Magistrate Christopher A. Nuechterlein without an
attorney. The judge denied his request for court-appointed counsel, ruling that
Sleepers had adequate assets, including real estate, to afford an attorney.

Upon the government's request for an order to detain Sleepers until trial,
Nuechterlein set a detention hearing and probable cause hearing for Tuesday.

Road bicycle ride to start at county park

 A road bicycle ride is scheduled for Sept. 7 at St. Patrick's County Park.

There will be 10-, 20-, 38- and 65-mile routes from which to choose.

The South Bend Lions are sponsoring the ride. The registration and ride starts
at the round barn on the park grounds. For more information, e-mail Bob Myers at
MRAMyr@aol.com.

IUSB business students have new scholarship

 Coachmen Industries Inc. has donated $50,000 to establish the Coachmen
Industries Scholarship Fund at Indiana University South Bend.

The fund will support undergraduate scholarships for students enrolled in IUSB's
School of Business and Economics.

The Elkhart-based manufacturer of recreational vehicles and producer of
systems-built homes presented the gift in July and the first scholarship will be
awarded this fall.

The scholarship will have a value of about $800 in its first year and will grow
to an annual amount of $2,500.

Scholarship applicants must be full-time IUSB students, they must demonstrate
financial need under federal guidelines, and hold a minimum of a 2.5 grade-point
average. A 3.0 or above GPA will have preference, and consideration will be
given to applicants who are employees or family members of employees of Coachmen
Industries.

At least one scholar will be named annually, with scholarship funds divided
equally between the fall and spring semesters.

For more information on the scholarships, call Rose Marie Hengesbach at (574)
287-4483.

Judge weighs evidence in football parking issue

 St. Joseph Circuit Court Judge Terry A. Crone is reviewing evidence before
ruling on a city request to ban parking in the Wooded Estates neighborhood on
Notre Dame home football weekends.

Some homeowners in the neighborhood just east of campus offer their front yards
as pay parking lots during home football games. The city argues that such
parking is a commercial venture and disallowed in a residentially zoned
neighborhood.

The city also argues that the parking is a public safety issue and that vehicles
could block fire trucks, ambulances and police cars from responding to an
emergency.

Homeowners in the neighborhood believe they are being singled out unfairly.

One former resident who recently moved from the neighborhood told the court the
parking issue has become a significant problem the last several years.

Friday's hearing lasted about 90 minutes.

Saint Mary's establishes endowed science chair

 Saint Mary's College has its first endowed chair in the sciences: the Denise
DeBartolo York Faculty Chair in Science.

The first chair holder is Dorothy Feigl, a longtime chemistry professor and
former vice president and dean of faculty.

Denise DeBartolo York, a 1972 Saint Mary's graduate, and her husband, Dr. John
York, funded the $1 million chair through the Marie Denise DeBartolo York
Foundation. DeBartolo York says the endowment "reflects the deep commitment of
her family to strengthening Catholic women's education in the field of science."

Feigl came to Saint Mary's in 1966 with degrees from Loyola and Stanford
universities. She served as chair of the chemistry and physics department from
1977 to 1985, as faculty representative on what was the board of regents (now
board of trustees) from 1976 to 1982, and as vice president and dean of faculty
from 1985 to 1998. She has earned numerous honors and awards during her tenure
at the college.

Saint Mary's has five endowed faculty positions in the humanities.


LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                 Copyright 2003 South Bend Tribune Corporation

                              786 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                            July 3, 1991, Wednesday

METRO IN BRIEF; 2 teenagers killed in one-vehicle wreck

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; SECTION D; PAGE 02

LENGTH: 752 words


Two teenagers were killed and another seriously injured Tuesday at 5 p.m. in a
one-vehicle accident four miles south of Fayetteville. Dead on the scene were
Amy Paige Bearden and Kimberly Beth Stone, both 15, said Fayette County
sheriff's Capt. Wayne Hannah. The driver, Jason Biggers, 18, was taken by
helicopter to Georgia Baptist Medical Center, where hospital spokeswoman Meg
Reggie said he was in serious but stable condition with pelvis and back
injuries. All are from Fayetteville. Captain Hannah said there was no indication
of excessive speed, or alcohol or drugs. "They just left the road, went down an
embankment and hit two trees," he said. "None were wearing seat belts." The
accident happened on rural Inman Road.

MAN FAILS TO CLEAR 1958 CONTEMPT CHARGES: The last person jailed for refusing to
cooperate with the House Un-American Activities Committee lost his bid Tuesday
to clear his record of 1958 contempt charges. U.S. District Court Judge J. Owen
Forrester of Atlanta dismissed Frank Wilkinson's request, saying that while
authorities may have used false evidence during his trial, it probably had no
impact in his conviction. Mr. Wilkinson, now 77, was the last of 19 people
nationwide who were jailed for refusing to answer a question from the committee,
which had sessions in Atlanta and other cities 33 years ago. "Are you now a
member of the Communist Party?" committee members asked. His attorneys say they
are considering an appeal.

2 MITSUBISHI WORKERS INDICTED ON LAUNDERING CHARGES: Two management level
employees of Mitsubishi International Corp. were indicted Tuesday by a federal
grand jury in Atlanta on charges of laundering nearly $ 7 million. The
indictment charges Raymond Lippincott III, 41, of Roswell, and Mary Ellen Lee,
32, of Dunwoody, with 110 counts of wire and mail fraud, money laundering and
conspiracy. Authorities say the pair, both of whom worked as managers at the
Gwinnett County Mitsubishi headquarters for the past two years, took kickbacks
from an Alabama company that sold industrial fibers to Mitsubishi and attempted
to launder the money through a private company they created. If convicted, the
pair face 790 years in prison and fines of more than $ 27 million.

REALTOR FREE ON BOND: A prominent Spalding County Realtor is free on $ 10,000
bond pending appeal of a five-year sentence for false swearing in connection
with the arson of a house in rural Spalding. Raymond Ray Sr. was sentenced
Monday to serve 90-120 days in jail, then spend the remainder of the first year
of his sentence at the Griffin Diversion Center. He will be on probation for the
remaining four years. He was also ordered to pay a $ 1,000 fine. David Dotson,
Ray's former business partner, pleaded guilty to the charge of arson, and was
sentenced to five years in prison. He began serving his sentence Monday. Ray was
tried last week on charges of arson and false swearing, but a jury voted 7-5
against conviction on the arson charge.

CURFEW IN EAST POINT: A curfew goes into effect Thursday night in East Point
requiring youths under 17 to be off the streets by 11 p.m. Sunday through
Thursday and midnight Friday and Saturday. The East Point City Council
established the curfew Monday in response to requests from city police. "We've
had a lot of problems with kids hanging out on the corner and selling drugs
until 2 or 3 o'clock in the morning," East Point Police Chief John McClendon
said Tuesday. "This ordinance will assist us in getting the kids off the streets
and back in the house where they belong." The ordinance does not apply to minors
in the company of parents or guardians; on emergency errands; returning from
school, work or recreational activities; or in a motor vehicle with parental
consent.

GROUP PROTESTING RACISM BURNS FLAGS AT CAPITOL: Proclaiming "We know there is
racism, but we don't want state-sponsored racism," a group of 12 Georgia Tech
students on Tuesday burned the state and the Confederate flags on the steps of
the Capitol building while about 40 people looked on. "In Germany, you don't
find provinces flying swastikas," said Paul Philpott, who also burned the flags
last month on the steps of Georgia Tech's student center. Mr. Philpott, who has
vowed to continue burning the state flag until he is arrested, maintains that
the Confederate battle flag, which fills two-thirds of the state flag, is a
symbol of the South's racist past.

Compiled from staff reports

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo: Frank Wilkinson

                    Copyright 1991 The Atlanta Constitution

                              787 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Manchester Evening News

                          December 15, 2010 Wednesday

Law firm receptionist is cleared over homes swindle

BYLINE: WFnode

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 21

LENGTH: 260 words


A LEGAL receptionist accused of money laundering has protested her innocence.

Jacqueline Craddock, who worked at Peel Court Chambers in Manchester until it
was dissolved in 2008, is accused of laundering cash generated by the theft of
two properties from a landlord.

Keith Ferguson, 39, bought the two houses in Cheetham Hill in the early
nineties. But, in 2008 he learned that both of them had been sold under his nose
years before for a total of  £79,000.

Manchester Crown Court heard a distant relative of Mr Ferguson, Trevor Jones,
60, of no fixed address, impersonated him when instructing solicitors to sell
the two houses, at Abercarn Close and Crossdale Road, in 2005 and 2006.

Mr Jones has admitted using a false instrument with intent and money laundering.
It is alleged that Miss Craddock, 46, of Broomhall, Pendlebury, allowed her
account to be used for transactions between Jones and the buyer, Keith Page, 54,
of Grove Avenue Salford. Mr Page denies obtaining a money transfer by deception,
acquiring criminal property and entering into a money laundering agreement.

Miss Craddock, who denies money laundering, told the court that it was her
partner who had got her involved in what she thought was a genuine property deal
in December 2005. She claimed that she allowed her account to be used and wrote
cheques which were passed between Page and Jones without knowing that the houses
had been swindled from their true owner. She said she was never suspicious'
about the deal, despite the fact that when it was done she was left with
£24,000.

» Proceeding

LOAD-DATE: December 22, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved

                              788 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               February 5, 1984, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

FUND 'LAUNDERING' TO BE INVESTIGATED

SECTION: Section 11NJ; Page 19, Column 1; New Jersey Weekly Desk

LENGTH: 395 words


REPRESENTATIVE William J. Hughes, Democrat of Ocean City, is investigating
allegations that drug dealers are 'laundering' millions of dollars in Atlantic
City gambling casinos each year.

Mr. Hughes, who will question Federal and state drug-enforcement officials at a
Congressional hearing in Atlantic City on Feb. 13, wants to know how large the
problem is and if Federal rules to control it are ready to be announced, as
promised by the Reagan Administration.

Mr. Hughes, who heads a crime subcommittee of the House Judiciary Committee, has
invited state law and gaming officials, as well as Treasury, Customs and
Internal Revenue Service officials, to attend the hearing.

Aides to Mr. Hughes painted the following scenario of the growing laundering
scheme:

A drug dealer arrives at a casino with currency - sometimes as much as $100,000
- in small denominations and trades them in for chips.

The chips are later turned in for bills in large denominations, which are easier
to handle. The drug dealer can then either leave the casino or wire themoney to
another country.

The cash-laundering scheme has become popular because it allows drug dealers to
move large amounts without being detected. It is not uncommon for such a dealer
to arrive at a casino money-changing window with a 'sack-load of $20 bills,'
said Jonathan Spear, an aide to Mr. Hughes.

'Casinos, unwittingly, are being used to launder money for illegal purposes,'
Mr. Spear asserted.

Banking laws require people who move $5,000 or more out of the country, or at
least $10,000 into or out of a bank in the United States, to report the
transaction to the Federal Government.

However, casinos are not subject to the Federal banking regulations, a situation
that Mr. Hughes wants changed.

One possible solution under study at the Treasury Department would be to require
the casinos to adhere to the Federal banking regulations when handling large
cash transactions, said Charles Powers, a Treasury spokesman.

The department shares Mr. Hughes's concern about laundering the drug money, Mr.
Powers said.

However, Phil Wechsler, a spokesman for Resorts International Hotel-Casino, said
that that the money transaction regulations 'would be easy to defeat' because a
bettor could make a $9,000 transaction instead of a $10,000 one and thus avoid
the Federal rules.



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1984 The New York Times Company

                              789 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Alamogordo Daily News (New Mexico)

                             March 29, 2016 Tuesday
                                   1 Edition

Chavez brothers hit with fine

BYLINE: By, Duane Barbati

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A6

LENGTH: 684 words


ALAMOGORDO - The AZ Boys, Joe and Robert Chavez, who ran a criminal enterprise
to import large quantities of methamphetamine from Phoenix to Otero County were
hit with over $605,000 in fines, according to a New Mexico attorney general's
press release Monday.

In the release Attorney General Hector Balderas stated that Joe D. Chavez Jr.
was assessed a penalty of $479,759.25 and Robert Chavez was penalized $125,400
by Otero County's 12th Judicial District Judge James W. Counts Wednesday.

In 2014 Joe and Robert were both convicted in separate trials on felony charges
that included racketeering, conspiracy, drug trafficking and multiple counts
each of money laundering.

Joe was a leader of the AZ Boys drug trafficking organization, an outfit that
used violence and a fairly sophisticated system of mules to import large
quantities of methamphetamine into Otero County. Joe, 44, is serving a 48 year
prison sentence while Robert, 41, is serving a 36 year prison sentence.

Joe still faces murder, conspiracy, arson and tampering with evidence charges in
the Nov. 1, 2011, homicide of Richard Valdez. Valdez's body was found in his
burned-out 2006 Suzuki Forenza station wagon near South Hamilton Road and San
Pedro Drive in 2011.

Balderas wrote the state attorney general's office jointly prosecuted the Chavez
brothers' criminal cases with the 12th Judicial District Attorney's Office.

Twelfth Judicial District Attorney David Ceballes said he is pleased with the
civil judgements obtained against the Chavez brothers convicted felons.

"I want to express my appreciation to former Deputy District Attorney Kirby
Wills, Assistant District Attorney Kay Elmasri-Pearson, and to the entire Otero
County Sheriff's Office Narcotics Enforcement Unit, for their work and
determination on the underlying criminal cases," Ceballes said. Though these
combined efforts, Joe David Chavez Jr. was sentenced to a total period of
incarceration of 48 years, and Robert Chavez was sentenced to a total period of
incarceration of 36 years, for the multiple felony convictions obtained by our
prosecutors and police after two separate jury trials. These criminal felony
convictions formed the basis of this successful civil action taken by the New
Mexico attorney general. We look forward to future collaborative efforts such as
this one to continue to bring justice to the people of our 12th Judicial
District here in Otero and Lincoln Counties."

New Mexico's money laundering statute provides that anyone convicted of money
laundering is subject to a civil penalty of three times the value of the
property involved in the crime.

The civil penalties are believed to be the first ever assessed in New Mexico
following money laundering convictions through the attorney general's office, he
wrote in the release.

"We are attacking criminal enterprises and money laundering on all fronts in New
Mexico, both criminal and civil," Balderas wrote. "The Office of the Attorney
General maintains an aggressive anti-money laundering initiative funded by the
Southwest Border Alliance. We will continue to root out money laundering
operations and associated crimes in our state."

Otero County Sheriff Benny House said he is pleased with the judgement penalties
against the Chavez brothers.

"The state will get all the money versus the agency that does all the work and
puts all the effort into putting all these cases together," House said. "The
governor gets all the money. It goes into the general fund. We'll never see it.
We won't be able to recoup our money. They also got an estimated $200,000 house
that went to the feds because state law wouldn't allow us to take back a
percentage of it to put back in the fight against drugs in Otero County."

He said he hopes the judgement penalties are a deterrent against criminal
activity.

"I am always pleased when drug dealers don't get to maintain their proceeds from
the sales of drugs," House said. "It's never good when they get to keep it. It
doesn't matter who takes it as long as the criminal organization doesn't get to
keep it and put it back into their activity and harm our communities."

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: alm


                    Copyright 2016 The Alamogordo Daily News
                              All Rights Reserved

                              790 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 19, 2015 Monday

Eleventh Circuit Affirms Convictions And Sentences Of Two Men In International
Investment Fraud And Money Laundering Scheme

LENGTH: 660  words

DATELINE: Tallahassee


United States Attorney's Office for the Middle District of Florida has issued
the following press release:

United States Attorney A. Lee Bentley, III announces that the United States
Court of Appeals for the Eleventh Circuit has affirmed the convictions and
sentences of United Kingdom citizens Paul R. Gunter (65, Odessa, Florida;
originally of London) and Simon Andrew Odoni (57, Hertfordshire, UK) for their
respective roles in an international investment fraud and money laundering
scheme. In April 2013, a jury found Gunter and Odoni guilty of three counts of
conspiracy to commit mail fraud, wire fraud, and money laundering, as well as
nineteen counts of mail and wire fraud, and fourteen counts of money laundering.
In July 2013, the United States District Court for the Middle District of
Florida sentenced Gunter to 25 years in federal prison and Odoni to 13 years, 4
months in federal prison.

According to the evidence and testimony presented at trial, from at least July
2004 through at least March 13, 2008, Gunter, Odoni, and others engaged in a
sophisticated investment fraud and money laundering scheme in which worthless
stock in hijacked dormant, publicly-traded companies in the United States was
sold to victim-investors, primarily in the United Kingdom. The scheme used
boiler room telemarketers, mostly in Spain, who employed high pressure and
misleading sales techniques. The victim-investors wired more than $127 million
to Gunter's bank accounts in the Middle District of Florida. The conspirators
bilked victim-investors out of another $10 million via a FOREX currency trading
scheme, which also utilized the boiler rooms in Spain. Gunter, Odoni, and their
co-conspirators used the victim-investors' funds to perpetuate the fraudulent
scheme and for their own personal enrichment. Victim-investors' funds were used
to buy, among other things, an airplane, two vessels, vehicles, including a
Ferrari, and real property in the Caribbean islands, England, and Florida.

On appeal, Gunter argued that the district court should have suppressed certain
computer evidence and granted his motion for a mistrial. Odoni argued that the
district court had lacked personal jurisdiction over him, that the evidence had
been insufficient to convict him, that the district court had erred in denying
his motion for a new trial, and that his sentence was unreasonable. The United
States Court of Appeals for the Eleventh Circuit rejected each of these
arguments, affirming the district court's denial of Gunter's and Odoni's various
motions, finding that the evidence of Odoni's guilt was "overwhelming," and
concluding that Odoni's sentence was reasonable. In affirming the denial of
Gunter's suppression motion, the Court found that Gunter had no reasonable
expectation of privacy in his computer files when U.S. officials examined them
because those files had already been reviewed by British officials during an
independent criminal investigation in the United Kingdom.

The case was investigated by the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement's
(ICE) Homeland Security Investigations (HSI), Tampa, Florida, as well as the
U.S. Secret Service, Tampa, Florida and Newark, New Jersey Field Offices. The
government also received assistance from several other authorities, including
the City of London Police, the UK's Serious Fraud Office and Norfolk
Constabulary, the Spanish National Police, the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission, the Ontario Securities Commission, and the British Columbia
Securities Commission. The case was prosecuted in the district court by
Assistant United States Attorneys Rachelle DesVaux Bedke and Kelley
Howard-Allen. The appeal was handled by Assistant United States Attorney Linda
Julin McNamara and by Trial Attorney Jenny Ellickson of the U.S. Department of
Justice's Criminal Appellate Section.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              791 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 2, 2014 Wednesday

Washington: Three Arrested After Being Named in New Indictment That Alleges
Money Laundering, Health Care Fraud, and Tax Fraud Schemes

LENGTH: 751  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:
Three people who were recently named in a superseding indictment that adds
health care fraud charges to money laundering and tax fraud schemes were
arrested this morning by federal authorities.

Edgar Hakobyan, 30, of Glendale; Karen Sarkissian, 43, of Glendale; and L'Tanya
Smith, 57, of Ladera Park, were taken into custody without incident and are
scheduled to be arraigned on the indictment this afternoon in United States
District Court. These three defendants were named in a superseding indictment
returned by a federal grand jury on March 27.

Previously in this case, two defendants were named in the original indictment
that alleged a conspiracy to launder the proceeds of health care fraud through
five sham corporations they owned and operated. Glendale residents Khachatour
Hakobyan, 46, and Aram Aramyan, 59, have pleaded not guilty to charges that
allege they deposited millions in fraudulent proceeds into bank accounts for the
bogus companies and then wrote checks from these corporations to themselves and
their relatives, including Edgar Hakobyan. Khachatour Hakobyan and Aramyan have
each been charged with five counts of filing false tax returns based on their
failure to report all their income from those corporations between 2007 and
2011. Khachatour Hakobyan and Aramyan are scheduled to go on trial on January
27, 2015, before United States District Judge Margaret M. Morrow.

Two of the defendants arrested today are charged with health care fraud related
to a clinic on Sunset Boulevard in Echo Park. The clinic was operated by
Sarkissian and employed Smith, a physician's assistant. Between July 2009 and
March 2010, Smith allegedly prescribed or ordered medically unnecessary tests
and services, some of which were never provided to the patients. Those
prescriptions and orders led to more than $11 million in fraudulent claims to
Medicare. Sarkissian is also charged as a part of the money laundering
conspiracy based on his involvement in laundering the fraudulent proceeds
generated through the Sunset Clinic through the corporations set up by
Khachatour Hakobyan and Aramyan.

Edgar Hakobyan is charged with conspiracy to commit money laundering and money
laundering based on his involvement in receiving checks from the sham
corporations, which he either cashed or deposited in his own bank accounts.

Special Agent in Charge Erick Martinez of IRS-Criminal Investigation's Los
Angeles Field Office stated, "The defendants have allegedly laundered millions
of dollars of fraudulently obtained Medicare funds through their businesses,
failing to report it as income. IRS-Criminal Investigation will not stand still
while criminals line their pockets with illicit proceeds obtained from
publically funded health care programs."

If they are convicted of the charges in the superseding indictment, the five
defendants would face sentences of as much as 395 years in federal prison.

An indictment contains allegations that a defendant has committed a crime. Every
defendant is presumed innocent until and unless proven guilty in court.

As part of this investigation, charges have previously been filed against others
associated with the money laundering and health care fraud schemes. Susanna
Artsruni, of North Hollywood, has pleaded guilty and admitted she caused $25
million in fraudulent claims to be submitted to Medicare through three medical
clinics and her own durable medical equipment company (see:
http://www.justice.gov/usao/cac/Pressroom/2014/002.html). Earlier this week,
Erasmus Kotey, 77, of Montebello, pleaded guilty to health care fraud in
relation to one of the clinics operated by Artsruni and a second unrelated
clinic (see: http://www.justice.gov/usao/cac/Pressroom/2014/038.html).

All these cases are the products of an investigation by the Federal Bureau of
Investigation; the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, Office of
Inspector General; and IRS-Criminal Investigation.

The cases were brought as part of the Medicare Fraud Strike Force, under the
supervision of the Criminal Division's Fraud Section and the U.S. Attorney's
Office for the Central District of California.

Since its inception in March 2007, the Medicare Fraud Strike Force, now
operating in nine cities across the country, has charged more than 1,700
defendants who have collectively billed the Medicare program for more than $5.5
billion.

For more information please visit: http://www.fbi.gov

LOAD-DATE: April 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              792 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           The Edmond Sun (Oklahoma)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           December 21, 2010 Tuesday

Judge sentences Edmond man in laundering scheme

BYLINE: Mark Schlachtenhaufen, The Edmond Sun, Okla.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 367 words


Dec. 21--EDMOND -- A federal judge Tuesday sentenced an Edmond man to serve 10
years in federal prison for money laundering arising from the operation of his
local investment company.

U.S. District Judge Timothy D. DeGiusti sentenced Mark S. Trimble, 45, of
Edmond, to serve 120 months in federal prison for money laundering arising from
the operation of Phidippides Capital Management LLC where he diverted $1 million
of investor funds to his own account, announced Sanford C. Coats, U.S. attorney
for the Western District of Oklahoma.

In addition, Judge DeGiusti ordered Trimble to serve two years of supervised
release following his prison term and to pay $9,045,451.23 in restitution to
investors.

Trimble owned and operated Phidippides Capital Management LLC, an Oklahoma
limited liability company with offices in Edmond and Oklahoma City.

According to court records, on May 9, 2007, an investor who gave Trimble $2
million was told it would be invested in various securities through Phidippides,
and the funds were deposited into the bank account of Phidippides.

Five days later, Trimble transferred $1 million of the funds to his personal
bank account. Then, on May 17, 2007, Trimble transferred that $1 million to his
personal investment account.

Trimble pled guilty to money laundering on April 12, 2010.

The action is the result of an investigation conducted by the Federal Bureau of
Investigation, the Criminal Investigative Division of the Internal Revenue
Service and the U.S. Secret Service. The case was prosecuted by Assistant U.S.
Attorney Susan Cox.

Trimble and Phidippides also had been named as defendants in a civil action
brought by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission in a federal case filed in
the Western District of Oklahoma styled Commodity Futures Trading Commission v.
Mark S. Trimble, et al., CIV-09-154-D.

marks@edmondsun.com -- 341-2121, ext. 108

To see more of The Edmond Sun or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.edmondsun.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, The Edmond Sun, Okla. Distributed
by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information about the
content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services (MCT), visit
www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: December 22, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20101221-EO-Judge-sentences-Edmond-man-in-laundering
-scheme-1221-20101221

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EO


                         Copyright 2010 The Edmond Sun

                              793 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                            October 9, 2008 Thursday

How to rid shirts of armpit stains

BYLINE: Hints from Heloise

LENGTH: 426 words


Dear Helosie: I have a problem. My husband has used various
antiperspirants/deodorants. We can't find one that doesn't leave waxy residue at
the armpit that won't come out when laundered, no matter what I do to coax it
along.

I have rubbed detergent into it before I wash it, to no avail. I have used
various products that don't put a dent in it.

He is now using a solid with the maximum level of active ingredient, but because
laundering doesn't remove it, if you iron the shirt, the armpits turn brown.
Help! I will watch your column in the hope that you can help me clean up this
mess.--Jacque in Ohio

Jacque, help is on the way from our friends at the Drycleaning and Laundry
Institute International. Antiperspirants and deodorants may cause damage after
prolonged contact with a fabric and when combined with perspiration. Also, not
laundering often enough and overuse of an underarm product can cause a buildup
of a caked, stiff residue (you certainly know about that!) that often can damage
the fabric. Try these hints:

? Don't overuse antiperspirant/deodorant, and be sure to let it dry before
putting on clothes.

? Soak the shirts in an enzyme presoak or an enzyme detergent before laundering.

? Use the hottest water safe for the fabric.

? Don't let the shirt sit too long before laundering.

? Don't wear the shirt two times in a row without laundering -- that really
causes a buildup.

Stains can ruin a garment, and if you can't wear it, that costs you money. Learn
how to take care of them with my Handy Stain Guide for Clothing, with more than
40 different stain types and removal hints! You probably have the solutions in
your home. Just send $5 and a long, self-addressed, stamped (59 cents) envelope
to: Heloise/Stain, P.O. Box 795001, San Antonio, TX 78279-5001, or you can visit
Heloise.com to order. Cheap hair shampoo can be used to banish ring around the
collar for just pennies. Just scrub it into the area and wash the
garment.--Heloise

Dear Heloise: I use a can of pressurized air (from a local office-supply store)
to blow out my razor. It has the right amount of air pressure to clean it
without damaging it. I also use the air to blow out or dust other household
things like the mixer, computer keyboard, stereo equipment, etc. --Patrick
Trotman, Dallas Send a money-saving or timesaving hint to Heloise, P.O. Box
795000, San Antonio, TX 78279-5000, or you can fax it to 210-435-6473 or e-mail
it to Heloise@Heloise.com I can't answer your letter personally but will use the
best hints received in my column. King Features Syndicate Inc.

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2008 The Deseret News Publishing Co.

                              794 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                              March 8, 2015 Sunday

Former St. Paul attorney gets 5 years for laundering drug money

BYLINE: By Marino Eccher meccher@pioneerpress.com

SECTION: BREAKING; Ramsey County; Washington County; Crime and Court Stories

LENGTH: 138 words


A suspended St. Paul attorney was sentenced Monday to five years in prison for
using his law firm to launder drug money.

Robert Boedigheimer, 52, of Stillwater, was convicted in June 2014 by a federal
jury in Minneapolis of one count of money laundering, one count of money
laundering conspiracy and one count of making false statements to investigators.

Jurors found he used his personal-injury law practice to create a no-show job
for his brother-in-law, Brandon Lusk, to launder the money Lusk made selling
marijuana.

Boedigheimer got involved because he needed loans from Lusk to finance a lavish
lifestyle, prosecutors said.

Lusk was convicted of distributing marijuana and money laundering. He was
sentenced to two and a half years in prison.

Marino Eccher can be reached at 651-228-5421. Follow him at
twitter.com/marinoeccher .

LOAD-DATE: March 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved

                              795 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     October 8, 1999, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Fed grand jury indicts Frankel

BYLINE: Tom Lowry

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 5B

LENGTH: 205 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


NEW YORK -- A federal grand jury indicted rogue Connecticut money
manager Martin Frankel on Thursday. The charges: wire fraud and
money laundering for allegedly embezzling more than $ 200 million
from seven Southern insurance companies.

The indictment is the first step toward extraditing Frankel, 44,
to the USA. The Toledo, Ohio, native, who fled to Europe in May,
has been held in a prison in Hamburg, Germany, since his capture
at a swank hotel there Sept. 4.

Frankel's mysterious disappearance from his estate in Greenwich,
Conn., prompted an international dragnet by law enforcement agencies
for the financier who once boasted of his Vatican connections.

The indictment accuses Frankel of controlling a "racketeering
enterprise."

State insurance regulators say Frankel told the insurance companies
that hired him that he was investing policyholders' money in government
bonds. In reality, authorities say, he wired the money to U.S.
and offshore bank accounts.

Federal prosecutors in Bridgeport, Conn., overseeing the case
declined comment Thursday night. Thomas Dennis, the chief federal
public defender in Hartford assigned to represent Frankel, was
unavailable for comment.



LOAD-DATE: October 08, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1999 Gannett Company, Inc.

                              796 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

             November 16, 1988, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

Luxembourg Money Law

BYLINE: Reuters

SECTION: Section D; Page 18, Column 1; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 232 words

DATELINE: LUXEMBOURG, Nov. 15


The Luxembourg Government said today that it planned to impose harsh penalties
for money laundering, a move that follows the indictment by the United States of
a bank based here on charges of disguising the source of drug money.

A spokesman for Prime Minister Jacques Santer's office said the new law, which
the Government hopes to rush through Parliament, aims to protect Luxembourg's
image as a financial center in the face of a worldwide flood of drug money.

The Grand Duchy's flourishing banking industry was thrust into the spotlight
last month when the Luxembourg-based Bank of Credit and Commerce International
was indicted in Florida on charges of taking part in an international ring that
laundered profits from Colombian drug operations.

Luxembourg officials said the allegations mainly involved the bank's operations
in the Cayman Islands and Miami, and the Government has said there is no
evidence that the bank acted illegally in Luxembourg itself.

The new law will put money laundering into Luxembourg's penal code for the first
time and impose penalties comparable to those for drug traffickers on those
found handling cash earned from illegal activities.

Employees caught laundering ''dirty'' cash will face a maximum of five years in
jail and a fine of up to 50 million francs ($1.4 million). The money and any
property or goods bought with it would be confiscated.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company

                              797 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The Times (London)

                            April 3, 2004, Saturday

FSA cracks down after terror of September 11

BYLINE: Caroline Merrell Banking Correspondent

SECTION: Business; 57

LENGTH: 788 words


BILLIONS of pounds is laundered through the international banking system every
year. Money from drug trafficking, theft and other organised crime is pushed
through the banks in ever more sophisticated wheezes aimed at eluding financial
regulators and law enforcers across the world.

Once it is thoroughly cleaned, the money is virtually untraceable and can be
used to further criminal activity, as well as to pay for the lavish lifestyles
of the protagonists.

London, New York, Switzerland and Nigeria have long been the focus of
international action against money laundering.

London and New York's prominence in global financial markets make them targets
for international money launderers, while Switzerland's banking secrecy and
Nigeria's lax financial controls make them safe havens for the illicit
activities of the criminal fraternity.

Until very recently the flood of money seemed unstoppable. Banks were accused of
not taking the problem seriously enough, as many profited by turning a blind eye
to suspicious accounts.

All that changed on September 11, 2001, after the terrorist attacks in New York
and Washington.

Governments became aware of the role played by the banking system in helping
terrorist organisations to fund their activities.

Ministers argued that, by cutting off the flow of cash to terrorist
organisations such as al-Qaeda, they would starve them of resources to conduct
terrorist activities.

The need for greater openess has even reached Switzerland, renowned for its
banking secrecy laws.

William Richey, the American lawyer leading the charge on behalf of Banco
Noroeste's shareholders, claims that it would have been virtually impossible to
bring a money laundering case in Switzerland a few years ago, as does Pierre
Schifferli, the Swiss prosecutor, who has been acting against Naresh Asnani.

The case, the largest investigation into a Nigerian fraud, is pushing back the
boundaries of international money laundering investigations.

In Britain, even before September 11, the Financial Services Authority, the lead
City watchdog, decided to make the prevention of money laundering one of its key
objectives.

A number of high street banks have been fined a total of £5 million for failing
to have adequate measures against money laundering.

Those fined include Bank of Scotland and Abbey, the bank formerly known as Abbey
National.

In the case of Lloyds TSB and Citibank, now part of Citigroup, America's biggest
financial company, the alleged money laundering took place before the
international crackdown.

Even if it had taken place after September 11, Lloyds TSB's Swiss would not have
come under the control of the FSA.

The Noroeste case is set to provide the blueprint for other investigations.

The criminals in this case made a simple mistake, according to Mr Richey: "There
is an old rule -if you strike the king, you had better kill him, because of
course the king will seek his revenge when the time comes."

WORLD'S BIGGEST MONEY-LAUNDERING INVESTIGATIONS

BCCI

WHEN

Collapsed in 1991 with debts of £10 billion

HOW THEY DID IT

- Had several branches in Columbia, through which drug money was moved.

- actively sought to provide financial services to drug traffickers, terrorists
and dictators

- General Noriega moved money through BCCI

OUTCOME

Found guilty of moneylaundering.

Went bust in 1991

RUSSIAN OLIGARCHS

WHEN

Uncovered August 1999

HOW THEY DID IT

- suspected $ 10 billion launder through Bank of New York - money moved by
Russian oligarchs out of Russia after 1998 default

- money stolen from the IMF also believed to be involved

OUTCOME

Two individuals charged. One pleaded guilty. No banks charged

GENERAL SANI ABACHA President of Nigeria

WHEN

1993-98

HOW THEY DID IT

- plundered Nigerian public purse and moved money to Swiss bank accounts

- around $ 4 billion alleged by the Nigerian government to have been stolen

OUTCOME

Swiss authorities have frozen suspected accounts. Ongoing enquiry. Abacha died
1998.

CORPORATE MONEY LAUNDERING - ENRON AND PARMALAT

WHEN

2000 - December 2003

HOW THEY DID IT

- Enron's Chief Financial Officer Andrew Fastow has been charged with money
laundering amongst other things. The energy giant had 3,500 shell companies in
the Cayman Islands.

- Parmalat collapsed in December of last year after it admitted £4 billion in a
Cayman Islands account was not actually there. Earlier this year Swiss
authorities opened an investigation into poissible money laundering at the
Italian food company

OUTCOME

Parmalat enquiry ongoing. Fastow charges dropped after deal with prosecutors


LOAD-DATE: April 3, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 2004 Times Newspapers Limited

                              798 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The Sun Herald (Sydney, Australia)

                           September 13, 2015 Sunday
                                 First Edition

Bail denied in US case linked to local crime operation

BYLINE: Â»KRISTINA DAVIS SAN DIEGO

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 276 words


A former University of Southern California football player accused of being a
link in an Australian drug-trafficking and money-laundering operation has been
ordered to remain behind bars.

US Magistrate Judge Mitchell Dembin said during the detention hearing in San
Diego Federal Court that he was concerned with the allegations that the
defendant, Owen Hanson, has access to money and property around the world and
could use it to live as a fugitive.

Mr Hanson, 33, a Los Angeles resident who works in real estate development and
also allegedly owns a gambling business in Costa Rica, was arrested on Wednesday
at the Park Hyatt Aviara Golf Club in the Californian resort city of Carlsbad.
He has been charged with one count of conspiracy to distribute cocaine,
alongside another Los Angeles man, Rufus Leon Rhone. The indictment, unsealed on
Wednesday, gives little detail about the allegations, saying only the conspiracy
lasted between January 2014 and September 3, 2015.

The case is tied to a joint investigation by the FBI and NSW Police, which has
also implicated several people in an alleged money-laundering operation,
officials said.

Music identity Andrew McManus, 54, was arrested at Melbourne airport on Thursday
night, following the arrests in Sydney of crime figure Craig Haeusler, Kings
Cross solicitor Michael Croke and Auburn pastry shop owner Zeki Atilgan for the
alleged importation of 300 kilograms of cocaine into Australia and money
laundering. It is not alleged by the police that the Sydney men or Mr McManus
have ever been involved in any drug importation.

Owen Hanson is scheduled to appear in court on October 19.

The San Diego Union-Tribune

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2015 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved

                              799 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                              May 26, 2009 Tuesday

Appeals court upholds 23-year prison term for West Jordan man convicted of money
laundering

BYLINE: The Salt Lake Tribune

SECTION: NEWS; State

LENGTH: 223 words


An appeals court Tuesday upheld the conviction and 23-year prison sentence of a
West Jordan man for laundering money made from drug dealing.

In 2007, Eusebio Aguilera-Meza was convicted by a federal jury of two counts of
conspiring to commit money laundering, one count of conducting an unlicensed
money-transmitting business and two counts of failing to file a currency
transaction report.

The U.S. 10th Circuit Court of Appeals in Denver rejected, among other
arguments, that Aguilera-Meza did not attempt to conceal the source of the money
he was transmitting and that the 276-month prison term violated the
constitutional prohibition against cruel and unusual punishment.

Prosecutors said Aguilera-Meza -- who also was found guilty of entering the
United States illegally -- helped launder money made from drug dealing from 1999
to 2005.

Aguilera-Meza, three of his brothers and other associates moved drug proceeds
through businesses, including Envios Aguilera y Olmeda in Salt Lake City,
according to authorities.

They said some of the drug money came from Celso Trinidad-Castro,
Aguilera-Meza's childhood friend in Mexico who also was living in the Salt Lake
Valley. Trinidad-Castro pleaded guilty to money laundering and was sentenced to
76 months behind bars.

Pamela Manson Alt Heads:

Appeals court upholds prison term for money laundering

LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved

                              800 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    March 16, 1991, Saturday, Final Edition

Reputed Cartel Head Among 43 Accused Of Profit Laundering

From news services and staff reports

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A11; AROUND THE NATION

LENGTH: 110 words

DATELINE: MIAMI


Drug enforcement officials yesterday announced the indictment of 43 people on
charges of laundering $ 65 million of cocaine profits a year.

Among those named was Gilberto Rodriguez Orjuela, the reputed head of Colombia's
Cali cartel, one of the world's largest cocaine operations.

Of the 43 men and women indicted, six already were in custody on other charges
and six more have been arrested on these charges, authorities said. They said
they expected more arrests in Miami, Los Angeles and New York.

U.S. Attorney Dexter Lehtinen acknowledged, however, that it was unlikely that
Colombia would extradite Rodriguez Orjuela or other drug kingpins.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS

                       Copyright 1991 The Washington Post

                              801 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                              June 12, 2015 Friday

Four Charged with Running an Investment Fraud Scheme

LENGTH: 400  words


United States Attorney James L. Santelle announced today that a 31-count
indictment was handed down Tuesday charging four individuals with running an
investment fraud scheme from 2008 through 2012. Todd Dyer, age 51, a resident of
Lake Geneva, Wisconsin, was charged in all 31 counts, including 21 counts of
wire fraud, five counts of money laundering, and five counts of transporting
funds obtained from fraud across state lines. Nicholas Hindman, age 63, a
resident of Glen Ellyn, Illinois, was charged with engaging in the scheme with
charges of wire fraud, money laundering, and transporting funds obtained from
fraud across state lines. Melvin Krumdick, age 73, a resident of Oak Park, IL,
was also charged with engaging in the scheme and with wire fraud and money
laundering counts. Tracy Bolton, age 47, a resident of Lakemoor, IL, was also
charged with engaging in the scheme to defraud and with counts charging wire
fraud and interstate transportation of funds obtained by fraud. Each wire fraud
count carries a maximum penalty of 20 years in prison, the money laundering
counts and interstate transportation of funds obtained by fraud each carry a
maximum penalty of 10 years' imprisonment.


According to the indictment, the defendants created and marketed investment
entities that were involved in purchasing valuable and scarce Midwest farmland
property. The defendants offered investors an opportunity to invest in these
entities by selling investors common stock, limited partnership interests, and
stock warrants. Despite representations to the contrary, none of the investment
entities ever purchased any farmland. According to the indictment, investors
gave the defendants approximately $1.5 million, and instead of using the funds
to purchase farmland, the defendants diverted the money and used it for personal
purposes or to pay costs necessary to continue the promotion of the fraud
scheme.
The case was investigated by agents from the Internal Revenue Service Criminal
Division, and agents the Federal Bureau of Investigation. The case is being
prosecuted by Assistant United States Attorneys Joseph R. Wall and Benjamin W.
Proctor.
The public is cautioned that criminal charges do not constitute evidence of
guilt. An individual is presumed innocent until such time, if ever, that the
government establishes his or her guilt beyond a reasonable doubt. 2015 Legal
Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: June 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              802 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 4, 2013 Wednesday

Illinois: Mexican National Pleads Guilty To Drug Conspiracy And Money Laundering

LENGTH: 364  words

DATELINE: Springfield


United States Attorney's Office for the Southern District of Illinois has issued
the following press release:

Jesus Esquivel-Cervantes, a/k/a "Gordo," a/k/a "Pandita," 33, a citizen of
Mexico, who most recently resided in St. Louis, Missouri, pled guilty to
Conspiracy to Distribute Methamphetamine, Distribution of Methamphetamine, and a
Money Laundering Conspiracy, Stephen R. Wigginton, United States Attorney for
the Southern District of Illinois, announced today. Sentencing has been set for
December 20, 2013. Penalties that can be imposed at that time are 10 years to
life in prison, a fine of up to $10,000,000, not less than 5 years of supervised
release, and a $100 special assessment on both the Conspiracy to Distribute
Methamphetamine and the Distribution of Methamphetamine charges. For the Money
Laundering Conspiracy, Esquivel-Cervantes faces up to 20 years in prison, a fine
up to $500,000, up to 3 years of supervised release, and a $100 special
assessment.

The drug conspiracy took place from August 2010 through May 2012, and involved
selling cocaine and methamphetamine in the Granite City, Illinois, area. The
money laundering conspiracy took place from January 2012 through May 2012, and
involved a system of wire transfers to collect and disguise drug proceeds.

Evidence in support of the indictment in this case was obtained in an
investigation which was conducted under the auspices of the Organized Crime Drug
Enforcement Task Force (OCDETF). The OCDETF initiative is designed to bring
federal, state, and local law enforcement agencies and resources together to
identify, target and dismantle large national and international drug trafficking
organizations. Participating agencies include the Internal Revenue Service -
Criminal Investigations, Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA), the U.S.
Immigration and Customs Enforcement Office of Homeland Security Investigations
(ICE HSI), U.S. Marshal Service, the Granite City Police Department, and the
Metropolitan Enforcement Group of Southwestern Illinois. This case is assigned
to Assistant United States Attorney Donald S. Boyce for prosecution.

For more information please visit: http://www.justice.gov/usao/ils

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              803 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                            March 22, 2003, Saturday

CASH FOR TERROR BUSTS Say Times Sq. biz laundered $33 M for Pakistanis

BYLINE: By GREG B. SMITH DAILY NEWS STAFF WRITER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 27

LENGTH: 509 words

A money-laundering ring operating out of a Times Square restaurant funneled $33
million in heroin proceeds to Pakistan - possibly to fund terrorism, prosecutors
charged yesterday.

Officials feared the cash could wind up "exploited by terrorist organizations,"
said Michael Garcia, head of the new Bureau of Immigration and Customs
Enforcement, which made the bust.

"By dismantling these illegal networks, we are denying avenues for terrorist
groups to raise and move funds in this country," he said.

Bureau officials who spoke on condition of anonymity emphasized that agents were
trying to learn whether any of the alleged drug cash actually did pay for
terrorism.

In the last three days, agents made money-laundering and cash smuggling arrests
across the nation:

. In New York, a man and woman were charged with laundering millions of dollars
out of the basement of the Kashmir Restaurant near Times Square through a
business called Manhattan Foreign Exchange.

From January 1999 to December 2001, Manhattan Foreign Exchange sent more than
$33 million to Pakistan, "making it one of the largest remitters of money to
Pakistan in the New York area," officials said.

In New Jersey, agents seized more than $48,000 Wednesday from two bank accounts
from which numerous checks were sent to Yemen.

In Los Angeles, one man was charged yesterday with illegally shipping $136,000
to Beirut.

In Minnesota, four people were charged Thursday with using a chain of tobacco
stores to smuggle cash to Lebanon and Jordan.

In Denver, customs agents arrested two Iraqis on charges of illegally
transferring $7 million to Iraq. The men, Maitham Abdulla Jaber Al Samar, 39,
and his brother, Qassim Abdulla Jaber Al Samar, 38, face up to five years in
prison and a $250,000 fine.

Restaurant bugged

The Kashmir Restaurant investigation - by the immigration and customs agency,
the FBI, the IRS, the Secret Service and postal inspectors - included bugging
the restaurant basement and videotaping couriers dropping off bags of cash.

Agents arrested Somaira Zulfiquar and Shaheen Khalid Butt, who was busted on
similar charges in 1994 and sentenced to five years of probation. Zulfiquar and
Butt were charged yesterday with money-laundering and passport fraud.

In an affidavit, Customs Agent Drew Houlihan described using a drug-dealer
informant who first approached Manhattan Foreign Exchange in 1998. At the time,
Butt was still on probation from the first conviction, records show.

The informant didn't see Butt again until November 2000, when he was eating
dinner at Kashmir. Butt allegedly told him he was still able to send money
overseas. At the time, the informant declined to get involved.

But two months after the Sept. 11 attacks, the informant - working with law
enforcement - went back to the restaurant and began laundering bundles of cash,
the affidavit states.

In conversations recorded over the next year, the informant openly talked about
"powder" and "kilos" and often carried bundles of cash in paper bags.


LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: MIKE ALBANS DAILY NEWS SHOW OF STRENGTH   Tourists view Ground Zero
while members of the National Guard patrol the area this week amid increased
security during Operation Atlas, the city's anti-terror plan implemented to
coincide with U.S. invasion of Iraq.

                        Copyright 2003 Daily News, L.P.

                              804 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 15, 2014 Monday

Former Newark Watershed Conservation And Development Official Indicted In
Kickback Scheme, Money Laundering

LENGTH: 755  words

DATELINE: Trenton


United States Attorney's Office for the District of New Jersey has issued the
following press release:

A former high ranking employee of the Newark Watershed Conservation and
Development Corp. (NWCDC) and a contractor from whom he allegedly received
kickbacks were indicted by a federal grand jury today in connection with a
scheme to solicit and accept payments for work by outside contractors, U.S.
Attorney Paul J. Fishman announced.

Donald Bernard Sr., 67, of Newark, is charged in the indictment with six counts
of defrauding the corporation of his honest services, four counts of violating
the Travel Act, three counts of extortion under color of official right
affecting interstate commerce, two counts of wire fraud and three counts of
money laundering.

Giacomo (Jack) DeRosa, 58, of Clinton Township, New Jersey, was indicted
separately on two counts of wire fraud, one count of violating the Travel Act
and three counts of money laundering.

According to the documents filed in this case and statements made in court:

During the time that Bernard was a consultant to NWCDC (2008 through 2009), as
well as when he worked there as manager of Special Projects (January 2010
through March 2013), he devised scheme to accept a stream of concealed and
undisclosed bribes and kickbacks from contractors.  Bernard agreed to accept,
and did accept, at least $730,000 in kickbacks directly and indirectly from
various contractors, including DeRosa. Bernard assisted the contractors in
financing the payments to him by causing certain contractors to submit
fraudulent and inflated invoices to the NWCDC, which contained materially false
representations and half-truths, in many instances billing the NWCDC for work
that was never performed.

For example, from August 2008 to January 2011, Bernard accepted approximately
$136,000 in kickbacks from a Newark company (Company 1) that performed printing
work for the NWCDC. At times, due to the physical ailments suffered by the
proprietor of the company, Bernard obtained blank checks from the company signed
by the proprietor, which Bernard filled out payable to himself or his consulting
company, Bernard & Associates (B&A), with the proprietor's consent.
The maximum potential penalties per count are detailed in the chart below:

Counts of Indictment


Defendant


Charge


Maximum Penalty per Count

Counts 1 to 6


Bernard


18 U.S.C. §§ 1343 and 1346
(Wire Fraud)


20 years

Counts 1 and 2


DeRosa

Counts 7 to 11


Bernard


18 U.S.C. § 1952(a)(3) (the Travel Act)


5 years

Count 3


DeRosa

Counts 12 to 15


Bernard


18 U.S.C. § 1951(a) (extortion under color of official right affecting
interstate commerce)


20 years

Counts 16 and 17


Bernard


18 U.S.C. § 1343
(Wire Fraud)


20 years

Counts 18 to 20


Bernard


18 U.S.C. § 1956(a)(1)(B)(i) (Money Laundering)


20 years

Counts 4 to 6


DeRosa


The maximum fines for all of the above violations except the money laundering
charges are $250,000 or twice the gain or loss resulting from the offense. The
maximum fines for the money laundering charges are:  $500,000, or twice the
value of the property involved in the money laundering transactions, or twice
the gain or loss resulting from the offense, whichever is greatest.

The Bernard indictment also seeks forfeiture of $1.4 million to $1.8 million in
connection with the fraudulent schemes and forfeiture of $20,000 in connection
with the money laundering charges. The DeRosa indictment seeks forfeiture of
between $200,000 and $360,000 in connection with the fraudulent scheme and
forfeiture of at least $20,000 in connection with the money laundering charges.

U.S. Attorney Fishman credited special agents of the FBI's Newark Field Office,
under the direction of Special Agent in Charge Aaron T. Ford; IRS - Criminal
Investigation, Newark Field Office, under the direction of Acting Special Agent
in Charge Jonathan D. Larsen; and the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban
Development Office of Inspector General, Newark office, under the direction of
Special Agent in Charge Christina Scaringi, as well as criminal investigators of
the U.S. Attorney's Office, for the investigation leading to the charges.

The government is represented by Assistant U.S. Attorneys Jacques S. Pierre and
Mala Ahuja Harker of the U.S. Attorney's Office Special Prosecutions Division.

The charges and allegations contained in the indictments are merely accusations
and the defendants are considered innocent unless and until proven guilty.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              805 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                   Forexpros

                           December 24, 2015 Thursday

Ukrainian national charged in $10 million online money laundering scheme

LENGTH: 724  words


Investing.com -

Investing.com -- A Ukranian national made his first appearance in U.S. Federal
Court on Wednesday after being extradited to the country from Poland to face
charges related to a $10 million cyber money laundering operation, the U.S.
Department of Justice said in a statement.

Viktor Chostak, 34, Ukraine, along with three co-conspirators, were charged in a
25 count indictment on Wednesday for conspiracy to commit money laundering,
conspiracy to commit computer fraud, conspiracy to transport stolen property,
conspiracy to commit access device fraud, transporting stolen property and
aggravated identity theft. The charges stem from their role in a multi-year
scheme to assist a bevy of computer hackers in laundering stolen U.S. money
overseas. Chostak made the appearance at a U.S. federal courthouse in Charlotte,
N.C.

For a period from July 2009 until May 2011, Chostak worked as a manager at an
international money laundering organization named Your Mule Cash Operations
(YMCO), according to court filings. While employed at YMCO, Chostak allegedly
recruited, hired and managed money mule recruiters and worked with computer
programmers to modify front company websites.

According to the indictment, the defendants created a sophisticated online
infrastructure that allowed computer hackers to conceal, transfer and obtain
stolen money outside the U.S. Chostak and his co-conspirators are accused of
electronically transferring millions of dollars in stolen money from U.S.
compromised bank accounts to accounts in Moldova, Ukraine, Russia and Latvia
among others. While primarily conducting their operations from Ukraine, the
defendants also worked from Poland and Germany, court filings said.

YMCO allegedly marketed their services to the hackers on a host of popular
underground chat forums. The computer hackers, according to the indictment,
installed malware programs that infected the electronic networks of numerous
companies throughout the U.S. It allowed the hackers to gain access to their
bank accounts and obtain the stolen funds.

YMCO, meanwhile, provided assistance to the hackers by duping hundreds of U.S.
mules that they were "conducting legitimate money transfers," for valid domestic
companies, which in fact were fake. After creating the bogus websites, the YMCO
recruiters sent spam emails to the mules touting a variety of advertising
employment opportunities. As a condition of hiring, YMCO required the money
mules to have a legitimate U.S. bank account and to provide their personal
account information in order to be compensated for their services.

Specifically, the money mules were instructed to receive the payments from the
"advertising businesses" in their personal bank accounts, withdraw the funds and
wire the money to the company's partners overseas. In actuality, the mules
processed the computer hackers' stolen funds and wired them internationally to
YMCO's conspirators throughout Eastern Europe, according to the indictment. In
turn, YMCO allegedly received a percentage of the hackers' stolen profits for
their services.

During a period of at least seven years, beginning in September, 2007, YMCO
allegedly sent nearly 3,000 false wire transfers through Western Union servers
and another 1,300 through servers operated by MoneyGram. On August 2, 2010, a
hacker allegedly transferred $7,356 to a money mule's account at Sun Trust Bank,
according to the indictment. Later in the day, a YMCO handler allegedly
instructed the money mule to withdraw the proceeds and transfer them overseas to
accounts in Ukraine and Moldova through Western Union and MoneyGram wires.

In another instance nearly three months later, a hacker transferred $4,950 into
a money mule's account at Light Federal Credit Union on October 21, 2010. Hours
later, a YMCO representative instructed the mule to transfer the funds to the
two Eastern European countries again through Western Union and MoneyGram wires.

YMCO and the computer hackers compromised accounts at more than 35 banks,
including Bank of America (N:BAC), Chemical Bank and First United Bank,
according to court filings.

The case is being investigated by the FBI's Charlotte office.

Investing.com offers an extensive set of professional tools for the financial
markets.
Read more News on Investing.com and download the new Investing.com apps for
Android and iOS!

LOAD-DATE: December 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: 1007


                      Copyright 2015 Fusion Media Limited
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              806 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 19, 2016 Saturday

President of Florida-Based Financial Firm Guilty of Money Laundering in $179
Million Sham Loan Scheme

LENGTH: 542  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office for the United States Attorneys, Northern District of
Illinois has issued the following news release:



  The president of a Florida-based financial firm has pleaded guilty to a money
laundering charge in connection with the sale of $179 million in sham loans to a
Milwaukee investment company.





 TIMOTHY G. FISHER was the president and chief operating officer of First
Farmers Financial LLC when the company sold 26 non-existent loans to a Milwaukee
investment firm for $179 million.  The company submitted documents to the
Milwaukee investment firm that falsely created the appearance that the loans had
been issued to borrowers in Florida and Georgia and were guaranteed in part by
the federal government.  In fact, the sham loans, which purportedly had
principal amounts ranging from $2.5 million to $10 million, did not exist.  The
Milwaukee firm, which purchased the loans as an investment vehicle for its
clients, which included community banks, retirement plans, municipalities, and
subdivisions in Illinois and elsewhere, suffered a loss of $179 million.



 Fisher, 39, of Pasadena, Calif., pleaded guilty on Thursday to one count of
money laundering.  The conviction carries a maximum sentence of ten years in
prison and a maximum fine of $900,000.  U.S. District Judge Charles P. Kocoras
set sentencing for May 4, 2017, at 9:45 a.m.



 The guilty plea was announced by Zachary T. Fardon, United States Attorney for
the Northern District of Illinois; Michael J. Anderson, Special Agent-in-Charge
of the Chicago office of the Federal Bureau of Investigation; and Jeffrey A.
Monhart, Regional Director of the Chicago Regional Office of the U.S. Department
of Labor, Employee Benefits Security Administration.



 According to his plea agreement, Fisher created fictitious financial statements
that were sent to the Milwaukee company.   After receiving money from the
Milwaukee firm, Fisher unlawfully engaged in monetary transactions with a
portion of the fraudulently obtained funds, including a wire transfer of
$450,000 of scheme proceeds.  Fisher caused these proceeds to be transferred
from First Farmers' account in Florida to his personal bank account in
California.  He then transferred these funds to the bank account belonging to a
business in Nevada in connection with an investment in that business.



 First Farmers' chief executive officer, NIKESH A. PATEL, has also been charged
in connection with the fraud on the Milwaukee investment business.  Patel
allegedly submitted false statements to the U.S. Department of Agriculture to
obtain certification in a USDA program that guarantees a percentage of loans
issued to borrowers who improve the economic and environmental climate in rural
communities.  First Farmers, which has offices in Florida, Georgia and
California, obtained USDA certification after Patel submitted the false
statements about the company's assets and officers, according to his indictment
returned last year.



 Patel, of Windermere, Fla., has pleaded not guilty to five counts of wire
fraud.  His next court appearance before Judge Kocoras is set for Dec. 6, 2016,
at 9:45 a.m.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: November 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              807 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 27, 2016 Thursday

Washington: Flake, Luetkemeyer Press Credit Union Regulator on De-Risking

LENGTH: 794 words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Jeff Flake has issued the following news
release:



 U.S. Sen. Jeff Flake (R-Ariz.) and U.S. Rep. Blaine Luetkemeyer (R-Mo.), a
senior member of the House Financial Services Committee, yesterday sent a letter
to the National Credit Union Administration (NCUA) regarding action to mitigate
the negative effects of de-risking on credit unions and law abiding citizens and
businesses.





 "The implementation of federal anti-money laundering efforts must be pursued
with an eye toward unnecessary and unintended impacts to law abiding citizens
and businesses. It is important to recognize that the loss of financial access
can actually subvert anti-money laundering efforts by driving certain financial
activities into untraceable banking alternatives," wrote the members.



 The signed letter can be viewed here.

 The text of the letter can be viewed below.



 Background: On May 26, Flake and U.S. Sens. John McCain (R-Ariz.), John Cornyn
(R-Texas) and Reps. Henry Cuellar (D-Texas), Juan Vargas (D-Calif.), Will Hurd
(R-Texas), Steve Pearce (R-N.M.), and Scott Tipton (R-Colo.) sent a letter to
Treasury Department Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (OCC) Thomas Curry
regarding the negative impact of bank de-risking along the southern border,
where anti-money laundering regulations have led banks to simply close the
accounts of customers participating in cross-border commerce to avoid or limit
risk. The letter can be viewed here.



     On March 10, Flake and U.S. Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.) issued statements
applauding the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency's decision to evaluate
the need for new guidance in response to concerns about de-risking. The
senator's statements can be viewed here.



     On February 25, the Government Accountability Office (GAO) accepted Flake's
request for an investigation into the enforcement of anti-money laundering
regulations along the southwest border. GAO's investigation will examine
regulatory compliance costs and the indiscriminate application of anti-money
laundering regulations on recent bank account closures.



 ***



 October 19, 2016



 The Honorable Rick Metsger

 Chairman

 National Credit Union Administration

 1775 Duke Street

 Alexandria, Virginia 22314



 Dear Chairman Metsger:



 We write regarding the trending practice of "de-risking" and to request
information on what action the National Credit Union Administration (NCUA) has
taken to address impacts associated with this trend.



 As you are no doubt aware, financial institutions have generally noted concerns
about enforcement and supervisory risk when terminating certain accounts.  In
other words, they have likely concluded that they cannot earn a sufficient
financial return on these accounts to offset the risk of punitive enforcement
action by regulators or prosecutors. Significant uncertainty resulting from a
perceived lack of standardization in applying laws related to de-risking
compounds the costs in this cost-benefit analysis for credit unions.



 To date, the NCUA has neglected to issue any supervisory guidance on the
practice and its position remains unclear. However, credit unions in our states
have made it clear that the de-risking trend is very real and may result from
actions taken by NCUA's regulatory and supervisory staff to influence a credit
union's decision to exit a line of business or to terminate a customer
relationship.



 We recognize the critical importance of financial regulatory efforts to combat
money laundering and terrorism, as well as the responsibility of credit unions
to conduct their due diligence in assessing the nature and risk associated with
all customer accounts. However, the implementation of federal anti-money
laundering efforts must be pursued with an eye toward unnecessary and unintended
impacts to law abiding citizens and businesses. It is important to recognize
that the loss of financial access can actually subvert anti-money laundering
efforts by driving certain financial activities into untraceable banking
alternatives.



 Accordingly, we request that you clarify the NCUA position on de-risking and
examine your agency's execution of anti-money laundering regulations and other
sanctions laws compliance. Specifically, we are requesting information on
whether or not the NCUA has encouraged credit unions to de-risk due to a
customer's specific location or line of business. In addition, please describe
the methodologies employed by NCUA to ensure the standardization of examinations
of compliance with anti-money laundering laws.



 We appreciate your prompt attention to this matter and request a response from
you by November 1, 2016.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              808 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 27, 2016 Thursday

Washington: Flake, Luetkemeyer Press Credit Union Regulator on De-Risking

LENGTH: 794 words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Jeff Flake has issued the following news
release:



 U.S. Sen. Jeff Flake (R-Ariz.) and U.S. Rep. Blaine Luetkemeyer (R-Mo.), a
senior member of the House Financial Services Committee, yesterday sent a letter
to the National Credit Union Administration (NCUA) regarding action to mitigate
the negative effects of de-risking on credit unions and law abiding citizens and
businesses.





 "The implementation of federal anti-money laundering efforts must be pursued
with an eye toward unnecessary and unintended impacts to law abiding citizens
and businesses. It is important to recognize that the loss of financial access
can actually subvert anti-money laundering efforts by driving certain financial
activities into untraceable banking alternatives," wrote the members.



 The signed letter can be viewed here.

 The text of the letter can be viewed below.



 Background: On May 26, Flake and U.S. Sens. John McCain (R-Ariz.), John Cornyn
(R-Texas) and Reps. Henry Cuellar (D-Texas), Juan Vargas (D-Calif.), Will Hurd
(R-Texas), Steve Pearce (R-N.M.), and Scott Tipton (R-Colo.) sent a letter to
Treasury Department Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (OCC) Thomas Curry
regarding the negative impact of bank de-risking along the southern border,
where anti-money laundering regulations have led banks to simply close the
accounts of customers participating in cross-border commerce to avoid or limit
risk. The letter can be viewed here.



     On March 10, Flake and U.S. Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.) issued statements
applauding the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency's decision to evaluate
the need for new guidance in response to concerns about de-risking. The
senator's statements can be viewed here.



     On February 25, the Government Accountability Office (GAO) accepted Flake's
request for an investigation into the enforcement of anti-money laundering
regulations along the southwest border. GAO's investigation will examine
regulatory compliance costs and the indiscriminate application of anti-money
laundering regulations on recent bank account closures.



 ***



 October 19, 2016



 The Honorable Rick Metsger

 Chairman

 National Credit Union Administration

 1775 Duke Street

 Alexandria, Virginia 22314



 Dear Chairman Metsger:



 We write regarding the trending practice of "de-risking" and to request
information on what action the National Credit Union Administration (NCUA) has
taken to address impacts associated with this trend.



 As you are no doubt aware, financial institutions have generally noted concerns
about enforcement and supervisory risk when terminating certain accounts.  In
other words, they have likely concluded that they cannot earn a sufficient
financial return on these accounts to offset the risk of punitive enforcement
action by regulators or prosecutors. Significant uncertainty resulting from a
perceived lack of standardization in applying laws related to de-risking
compounds the costs in this cost-benefit analysis for credit unions.



 To date, the NCUA has neglected to issue any supervisory guidance on the
practice and its position remains unclear. However, credit unions in our states
have made it clear that the de-risking trend is very real and may result from
actions taken by NCUA's regulatory and supervisory staff to influence a credit
union's decision to exit a line of business or to terminate a customer
relationship.



 We recognize the critical importance of financial regulatory efforts to combat
money laundering and terrorism, as well as the responsibility of credit unions
to conduct their due diligence in assessing the nature and risk associated with
all customer accounts. However, the implementation of federal anti-money
laundering efforts must be pursued with an eye toward unnecessary and unintended
impacts to law abiding citizens and businesses. It is important to recognize
that the loss of financial access can actually subvert anti-money laundering
efforts by driving certain financial activities into untraceable banking
alternatives.



 Accordingly, we request that you clarify the NCUA position on de-risking and
examine your agency's execution of anti-money laundering regulations and other
sanctions laws compliance. Specifically, we are requesting information on
whether or not the NCUA has encouraged credit unions to de-risk due to a
customer's specific location or line of business. In addition, please describe
the methodologies employed by NCUA to ensure the standardization of examinations
of compliance with anti-money laundering laws.



 We appreciate your prompt attention to this matter and request a response from
you by November 1, 2016.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              809 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Buffalo News (New York)

                            August 20, 2015 Thursday
                              Buffalo News Edition

SECTION: B,B; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 726 words


Cabbie shot in the back during robbery attempt

NIAGARA FALLS - Two men shot a Niagara Falls cabbie in the back during a failed
robbery attempted early Wednesday, Niagara Falls police said.

The cabbie, police said, is recuperating from a gunshot wound, not considered
life-threatening, in Niagara Falls Memorial Medical Center, where he drove after
the robbery attempt.

Detective Lt. John Conti said the attackers got into the cab in the 400 block of
Memorial Parkway at about 4:30 a.m. and demanded all his cash. The cabbie was
shot in the back while struggling with the two, Conti added, and as he began to
drive away, the attackers jumped out of the cab.

Man pleads guilty in pot, money-laundering scheme

A California man responsible for a cross-country marijuana and money-laundering
scheme pleaded guilty before U.S. District Judge Richard J. Arcara on Wednesday
to conspiracy to distribute 100 kilograms or more of marijuana and money
laundering conspiracy.

James Parish, 31, of Carlsbad, could face a federal prison term of up to 40
years and fines totaling $7 million.

On Monday, his accomplice, Benjamin Golembiewski, 28, of Buffalo, pleaded guilty
before Arcara to conspiracy to launder money. Sentencing for both is Dec. 9.

U.S. Attorney William J. Hochul Jr. said Parish will be facing a federal prison
term of up to 40 years and fines totaling up to $7 million and Golembiewski will
be facing a federal prison term of up to 20 years and a fine of up to $1.6
million.

Assistant U.S. Attorney Frank T. Pimentel said that between January 2014 and
their arrests in Buffalo in September, they took in more than $800,000 selling
marijuana from California  throughout Western New York.

Cowlesville teen accused of stealing, crashing car

COWLESVILLE - A 16-year-old Cowlesville boy stole his parents' car then crashed
it into a house in the Town of Bennington on Sunday before being arrested,
Genesee County sheriff's deputies said.

The crash occurred at Folsomdale and Schoellkopf roads in Bennington at about
5:25 a.m., deputies said.

He was stopped a short time later in Genesee County, where he was charged with
driving while intoxicated and unauthorized use of a motor vehicle.

The teen faces an appearance in Bennington Town Court at 6 p.m. Sept. 14, the
Wyoming County Sheriff's Office announced Wednesday.

Undocumented alien tied to domestic disturbance

BATAVIA - An undocumented alien from Oaxaca, Mexico, faces several charges in
connection with a domestic incident in a Washington Avenue apartment, city
police reported.

Jorge Cortes, 25, of no permanent address, was arrested early Monday and charged
with felony counts of strangulation and intimidating a witness, and misdemeanor
counts of assault, criminal possession of a weapon and criminal mischief -
related to preventing emergency assistance.

Following arraignment in Batavia City Court, Cortes was ordered held without
bail in Genesee County Jail.

Boat mechanic injured in fire sparked by fumes

DEWITTVILLE - A Jamestown boat mechanic suffered second-degree burns to his
forearms and face when a boat engine he was repairing caught fire, the
Chautauqua County Sheriff's Office reported.

The fire was apparently sparked by gasoline fumes as he was trying to start an
engine he had repaired in a boat at the Bayberry Landing here at 5301 Route 430
at about 1 p.m. Monday.

Jeremy Strickland, 31, used a hand-held fire extinguisher to put out the flames.
He  was taken to WCA Hospital for treatment, deputies said.

Town of Freedom man charged in choking case

FREEDOM - A Town of Freedom man arrested Saturday is accused of choking a woman
on Friday, State Police said Monday.

Michael C. Lathrop, 24, is charged with criminal obstruction of breathing,
fourth-degree criminal mischief and second-degree harassment. Police said
Lathrop choked the victim with a telephone cord when she tried to call 911.

DWI suspect is charged in wrong-way traffic stop

A Welland, Ont., woman was drunk when she drove the wrong way on Route 219 near
the Town of Boston early Monday, the Erie County Sheriff's Office said.

Loralee N. Tischler, 47, was driving north in the southbound lanes near the
Route 391 interchange at about 1:30 a.m., deputies said. She posted a
blood-alcohol level of 0.15 percent,  and was charged with DWI, reckless
endangerment, reckless driving and drinking alcohol in a vehicle on a highway.,
deputies said.

LOAD-DATE: August 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved

                              810 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 7, 2014 Tuesday

Washington: Meridian Man Pleads Guilty to Money Laundering in Treasure Valley
Spice Case

LENGTH: 442  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

Mark A. Ciccarello, 36, of Meridian, Idaho, pleaded guilty today in United
States District Court to count four of the indictment charging him with money
laundering, U.S. Attorney Wendy J. Olson announced. Ciccarello and four
co-defendants were indicted by a federal grand jury in May 2013 on charges of
conspiracy to distribute a controlled substance analogue; conspiracy to smuggle
goods into the United States; conspiracy to sell and transport drug
paraphernalia; and conspiracy to launder money. Ciccarello is scheduled to be
sentenced on March 25, 2014, before U.S. District Judge Edward J. Lodge at the
federal courthouse in Boise.

According to court proceedings, Ciccarello admitted to being a leader and
organizer in a conspiracy to launder money between March 2011 and May 2013. The
money laundering was related to his operation of a business called Zombie
Matter. Ciccarello pleaded guilty to engaging in bank and other financial
transactions through criminally derived property associated with the spice
business. During this period, through a series of monetary transactions in
amounts over $10,000, Ciccarello removed over $4.5 million in currency from
three Zombie Matter accounts.

Co-defendant Robert A. Eoff, 31, and William Burr Mabry, 46, both of Boise,
pleaded guilty to conspiracy to launder money on December 17 and August 13,
2013, respectively. Eoff is set for sentencing on March 11, 2014; Mabry on March
25.

Two co-defendants, Troy L. Palmer, 43, of Boise, and Holly F. Ciccarello, 39, of
Meridian, are set for trial on February 25.

The indictment is the result of a joint investigation of the Organized Crime and
Drug Enforcement Task Force (OCDETF), which included the cooperative law
enforcement efforts of the Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA), U.S.
Immigration and Customs Enforcement's (ICE) Homeland Security Investigations
(HSI), Internal Revenue Service-Criminal Investigation, Boise Police Department,
Meridian Police Department, Ada County Sheriff's Office, Canyon County Sheriff's
Office, and Nampa Police Department. Other federal agencies participating in the
OCEDTF program include the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms, and Explosives
(ATF); Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI); and U.S. Marshals Service.

The OCDETF program is a federal, multi-agency, multi-jurisdictional task force
that supplies supplemental federal funding to federal and state agencies
involved in the identification, investigation, and prosecution of major drug
trafficking organizations.

For more information please visit: http://www.fbi.gov

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              811 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The Western Mail

                          December 12, 2012 Wednesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

HSBC to pay £1.2bn on laundering claims

BYLINE: RHODRI EVANS

SECTION: BUSINESS IN WALES;BUSINESS; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 443 words


HSBC has agreed to pay US authorities a record $1.9bn (£1.2bn) settlement over
accusations that it allowed rogue states and drug cartels to launder billions of
pounds through its US arm.

The US Senate findings against HSBC, which accused the bank of ignoring warnings
and breaching safeguards that should have stopped the laundering of money from
Mexico, Iran and Syria, led to the resignation of head of compliance David
Bagley.

The lender reached agreement with several US authorities including the US
Department of Justice and expects to soon finalise a deal with the Financial
Services Authority.

HSBC group chief executive Stuart Gulliver said: "We accept responsibility for
our past mistakes. We have said we are profoundly sorry for them, and we do so
again."

The settlement comes after fellow British bank Standard Chartered said it would
pay a further $327m (£203m) to settle allegations that it breached sanctions
with Iran.

The bank, which has already paid $340m (£211m) to New York's Department of
Financial Services, was accused by regulators in August of exposing the US to
terrorists and drug kingpins by hiding $250bn (£160bn) of transactions with
Tehran.

Earlier this year, a US Senate sub-committee found that the US arm of HSBC
treated HSBC Bank Mexico, which transported $7bn (£4.5bn) in cash in armoured
vehicles to the bank in 2007 to 2008, as a "low-risk" client.

It offered banking services to HSBC Bank Mexico despite the country's troubles
with money laundering and drug trafficking, high-risk clients, high-risk
products, a secretive jurisdiction and weak anti-money laundering controls.

And foreign HSBC banks avoided safeguards designed to block transactions
involving terrorists, drug lords and rogue regimes, the sub-committee said,
while it also ignored links to terrorists, providing services to risky banks in
Saudi Arabia and Bangladesh.

The revelations heaped pressure on Business Minister Lord Green, who was
chairman of HSBC at the time the failings took place.

Unveiling the settlement, HSBC said that, in the past several years, the board
has taken decisive action to direct management to "fix past shortcomings as they
have come to light".

HSBC Bank USA has, among other actions, increased its spending on anti-money
laundering roughly nine-fold between 2009 and 2011 and increased its anti-money
laundering staff nearly 10-fold. It has also ended 109 high-risk "correspondent
relationships". It will now be monitored by the US Department of Justice for
five years to ensure these changes are fully implemented.

Mr Gulliver added: "The HSBC of today is a fundamentally different organisation
from the one that made those mistakes."

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: HSBC has agreed to pay US authorities a record $1.9bn (£1.2bn)
settlement

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WWM


                    Copyright 2012 Western Mail and Echo Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved

                              812 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                            April 5, 2006 Wednesday

11 charged in sweeping drugs, black market cigarette case

BYLINE: Inquirer Staff

LENGTH: 503 words


Eleven people have been charged with running criminal enterprises in a series of
indictments following a sweeping undercover investigation in Atlantic City and
South Jersey, officials said today.

Charges include distributing drugs and counterfeiting cigarettes. Seven of the
defendants are from Philalelphia.

"These indictments represent the outcome of an extensive investigation that
uncovered the importation and sale of thousands of cartons of illegal cigarettes
and the sale of illegal and damgerous drugs," Attorney General Zulima V. Farber
said. "The charges are significant and the defendants will face stiff
penalties."

Officials said that during a two-year period, an undercover State Police
detective assigned to the Division of Gaming Enforcement infiltrated several
criminal groups operating out of the Atlantic City-South Jersey-Philadelphia
area.

During the investigation, the undercover officer arranged the purchase of more
than 32,000 cartons of counterfeit Marlboro Light cigarettes and 25,000 Ecstacy
pills and negotiated the purchase of more than 25 pounds of hydroponically-grown
marijuana.

The defendants were identified as:

Alex Long, 45, of Cherry Hill. He is charged in five separate state grand jury
indictments with multiple counts of conspiracy to distribute controlled
dangerous substances, distribution of controlled dangerous substances, money
laundering, conspiracy to commit counterfeiting, and trademark counterfeiting.

Leslie Mak, 44, of Mount Laurel. The former manager of the Golden Dynasty
Restaurant at the Tropicana Hotel and Casino, he is charged with multiple counts
of conspiracy to distribute controlled dangerous substances, distribution of
controlled dangerous substances, money laundering, conspiracy to commit
counterfeiting, and trademark counterfeiting.

Tommy Le, 28, of Philadelphia. He is charged with money laundering.

David Le, 25, of Philadelphia. He is charged with multiple counts of conspiracy
to distribute controlled dangerous substances, distribution of controlled
dangerous substances, and money laundering.

David Diep, 41, of Philadelphia. He is charged with multiple counts of
conspiracy to distribute controlled dangerous substances, distribution of
controlled dangerous substances, and money laundering.

Ky Diep, 44, of Philadelphia. He is charged with conspiracy to distribute
controlled dangerous substances and distribution of controlled dangerous
substances.

Nghiep Pho Mach, 31, of Philadelphia. He is charged with conspiracy to
distribute controlled dangerous substances and distribution of controlled
dangerous substances.

Sang Hoang Le, 29, of Philadephia. He is charged with conspiracy to distribute
controlled dangerous substances and distribution of controlled dangerous
substances.

Alvin Towheng Kim, of, Philadelphia. He is charged with conspiracy to distribute
controlled dangerous substances, distribution of controlled dangerous
substances, and money laundering.

Most of the defendants were arrested during 2005 and were either free on bail or
in custody.

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2006 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved

                              813 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     August 16, 1996, Friday, Final Edition

Swiss Charged With Money Laundering

Charles W. Hall, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B02

LENGTH: 614 words


A Swiss financier described by federal drug agents as a "world-class money
launderer" has been arrested after allegedly taking a suitcase containing $ 2
million in cash from an agent posing as a narcotics dealer.

Karl Burkhardt, 43, was arrested Wednesday in the lobby of the Ritz-Carlton
Hotel at Pentagon City by Drug Enforcement Administration agents, who said he
planned to fly the money to Switzerland by private jet. Two men who were with
him also were arrested.

DEA officials said Burkhardt, who owns a $ 1 million house in West Palm Beach,
Fla., used a complex network of banks and offshore companies to convert large
amounts of drug money into untraceable assets.

"This guy was world-class in the amounts of money he could handle, millions of
dollars," said Frank Chellino, head of the DEA's Washington area task force.
"He's quite an interesting guy. At first, we were asking ourselves if he was for
real."

Burkhardt's lawyer, Alan Yamamoto, declined to comment on the case.

Law enforcement officials said the case provides a rare local glimpse into
international money laundering operations, which are far more common in Florida
and New York. Such operations run drug money through apparently legitimate
accounts to obscure the source of the revenue.

Burkhardt appeared briefly yesterday in Alexandria before U.S. Magistrate Judge
W. Curtis Sewell, who ordered him held without bail until a hearing Monday.
Burkhardt's cousin, Marco Meroni, 41, of Switzerland, and Fernando
Sotomayor-Rejas, 39, of Miami, also were ordered held without bond.

All three were charged with money laundering and could face a maximum sentence
of 20 years in prison and a $ 5.2 million fine. Prosecutors also froze
Burkhardt's financial assets.

According to a federal court affidavit from a DEA agent, the investigation began
in January, when Sotomayor-Rejas told an unnamed DEA informer that he could
provide access to a money launderer capable of moving large amounts of money.

After a series of negotiations, a DEA agent posing as a drug dealer met first
with Sotomayor-Rejas and later with Burkhardt, both in Arlington and Florida,
according to the DEA. In three transactions, the undercover agent gave Burkhardt
a total of $ 600,000, the affidavit said.

According to the DEA, Burkhardt and Meroni deposited the cash in numerous
Florida bank accounts and then transferred the money to offshore companies owned
by Burkhardt. After keeping a 20 percent commission, he returned the rest of the
money to a local account designated by the undercover agent, federal officials
said.

In addition, the affidavit said, Burkhardt worked on behalf of the government of
El Salvador, helping Swiss businesses interested in doing business in the
Central American country. The position gave him no diplomatic immunity, federal
prosecutors said.

Claudia Bartolini, a press officer for the Salvadoran Embassy in Washington,
said she could not confirm whether Burkhardt was affiliated with her government,
but said that at most he would have held an unpaid position of "honorary general
consul."

The affidavit said Burkhardt gave the undercover agent long explanations of his
business, saying he "prefers to open offshore corporations and bank accounts in
Liechtenstein, claiming that Liechtenstein has never given information
concerning bank accounts to requesting countries."

On Wednesday, as the DEA agent was wheeling up a large triple-compartment
suitcase to give to Burkhardt, a private jet was flying to Dulles International
Airport, leased by Burkhardt to carry him to Switzerland, DEA officials said.

"He was very surprised when we arrested him," Chellino said.

LOAD-DATE: August 16, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1996 The Washington Post

                              814 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 August 2, 1997, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

U.S. Charges 2 Interior Designers With Laundering for Drug Cartel

BYLINE: By DAVID ROHDE

SECTION: Section 1; Page 6; Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 381 words


Two San Francisco interior designers who were accused of laundering over $30
million in drug money for one of Colombia's most powerful drug traffickers were
arraigned in Federal District Court in Brooklyn yesterday. Judge Jack B.
Weinstein set total bail for the two men at an unusually high $8.5 million.

The designers, Antony Alexander Blarek, 56, and Frank V. Pellecchia, 49, are
accused of laundering tens of millions of dollars in drug money for the Cali
cartel's No. 3 leader by buying artwork, furniture and other luxury items and
shipping them to Colombia. With their profit, prosecutors said, Mr. Blarek and
Mr. Pellecchia lived an extravagant life style that included luxury homes,
international trips and expensive artwork for the last 18 years.

The cartel's No. 3 leader, Jose Santacruz Londono, was killed in a shoot-out
with the Colombian Army in March 1996.

Judge Weinstein ruled that the defendants, if they could post bail, would be
allowed to live in San Francisco and visit New York until their trial begins on
Nov. 17. The judge ruled that about $7 million in assets seized by Federal
officials from the two designers when they were arrested on June 18 could be
posted as bail. But Mr. Blarek and Mr. Pellecchia have to raise an additional
$1.5 million to be released.

Jane Ann Murray, Mr. Pellecchia's lawyer, argued in court that his medical
condition would drastically worsen if he remained in jail and could not continue
a strict regimen of treatment and exercise. She did not disclose his condition
at the hearing, and Judge Weinstein sealed a doctor's letter describing it.

Mark Lerner, an Assistant United States Attorney, countered that Mr. Pellecchia
could receive the treatment he needed in jail. Mr. Lerner said the Government
had an "overwhelming" case against both men.

Prosecutors charge that the defendants' sole client since 1979 was Mr.
Santacruz. During that period, the designers are accused of receiving wire
transfers from a German bank account linked to two men who have pleaded guilty
to laundering money for Mr. Santacruz, prosecutors said. The authorities also
said Mr. Blarek and Mr. Pellecchia had traveled to Colombia and helped Mr.
Santacruz decorate his "Casa Blanca," an ornate, $18 million replica of the
White House.

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company

                              815 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 5, 2016 Friday

Federal Jury Convicts Four Individuals For International Fraud And Money
Laundering Scheme Involving Sale Of Gold

LENGTH: 492  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Office for the United States Attorneys, Middle District of Florida has issued
the following news release:



  United States Attorney A. Lee Bentley, III announces that a federal jury
yesterday found Naadir Cassim (40, Barcelona, Spain and Orlando, FL), Jon Craig
Nelson (69, Houston, TX), Michael Skillern (49, Houston, TX), and Adriana Maria
Camargo, a/k/a Adriana Palomino (37, Barcelona, Spain) guilty of conspiracy,
money laundering conspiracy, and mail fraud. Each faces a maximum penalty of 5
years in federal prison on the conspiracy count, 20 years' imprisonment on the
money laundering conspiracy count, and 20 years in prison for each mail fraud
count. Cassim, Nelson, and Skillern were also convicted of wire fraud charges,
and face up to 20 years in federal prison for each charge. Additionally, the
jury found Cassim guilty of an illegal monetary transaction charge that carries
a maximum penalty of 10 years' imprisonment. The sentencing hearing has been set
for May 24, 2016.





 The individuals were indicted on February 18, 2014.



 According to evidence presented at trial, from August 2011 through February
2014, Cassim, Nelson, Skillern, and Camargo, along with others, engaged in a
fraud scheme where they directed and caused the sale of purported but
nonexistent gold ore or gold dor&eacute; from mines owned or controlled by them,
through a company called OWN GOLD, LLC. The conspirators' victims were located
both inside and outside of the United States, including the United Kingdom. To
facilitate the scheme, the conspirators paid telemarketers to place unsolicited
calls to potential and existing victims outside the United States. The
conspirators used the victims' funds to perpetuate the scheme and for their own
personal enrichment. During the course of the fraud scheme, approximately 440
victims wired more than $7.3 million to the conspirators.



  "The defendants defrauded more than 400 victims and collected more than $7
million through an elaborate scheme to sell nonexistent gold ore and gold
dor&eacute;," said Susan L. McCormick, special agent in charge of HSI Tampa.
"Entrusted with a unique international authority and assisted by the efforts of
our foreign law enforcement partners, HSI dismantled this transnational criminal
organization."



 The case was investigated by the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement's
(ICE) Homeland Security Investigations (HSI), and the U.S. Secret Service, with
assistance from law enforcement partners in the United Kingdom, Spain and
Cyprus, and the U.S. Department of Interior's Bureau of Land Management. The
Justice Department's Office of International Affairs provided assistance in the
extradition and mutual legal assistance requests in this case. It is being
prosecuted by Assistant United States Attorneys Sara C. Sweeney and Rachelle
DesVaux Bedke.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              816 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 5, 2016 Friday

Federal Jury Convicts Four Individuals For International Fraud And Money
Laundering Scheme Involving Sale Of Gold

LENGTH: 492  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Office for the United States Attorneys, Middle District of Florida has issued
the following news release:



  United States Attorney A. Lee Bentley, III announces that a federal jury
yesterday found Naadir Cassim (40, Barcelona, Spain and Orlando, FL), Jon Craig
Nelson (69, Houston, TX), Michael Skillern (49, Houston, TX), and Adriana Maria
Camargo, a/k/a Adriana Palomino (37, Barcelona, Spain) guilty of conspiracy,
money laundering conspiracy, and mail fraud. Each faces a maximum penalty of 5
years in federal prison on the conspiracy count, 20 years' imprisonment on the
money laundering conspiracy count, and 20 years in prison for each mail fraud
count. Cassim, Nelson, and Skillern were also convicted of wire fraud charges,
and face up to 20 years in federal prison for each charge. Additionally, the
jury found Cassim guilty of an illegal monetary transaction charge that carries
a maximum penalty of 10 years' imprisonment. The sentencing hearing has been set
for May 24, 2016.





 The individuals were indicted on February 18, 2014.



 According to evidence presented at trial, from August 2011 through February
2014, Cassim, Nelson, Skillern, and Camargo, along with others, engaged in a
fraud scheme where they directed and caused the sale of purported but
nonexistent gold ore or gold dor&eacute; from mines owned or controlled by them,
through a company called OWN GOLD, LLC. The conspirators' victims were located
both inside and outside of the United States, including the United Kingdom. To
facilitate the scheme, the conspirators paid telemarketers to place unsolicited
calls to potential and existing victims outside the United States. The
conspirators used the victims' funds to perpetuate the scheme and for their own
personal enrichment. During the course of the fraud scheme, approximately 440
victims wired more than $7.3 million to the conspirators.



  "The defendants defrauded more than 400 victims and collected more than $7
million through an elaborate scheme to sell nonexistent gold ore and gold
dor&eacute;," said Susan L. McCormick, special agent in charge of HSI Tampa.
"Entrusted with a unique international authority and assisted by the efforts of
our foreign law enforcement partners, HSI dismantled this transnational criminal
organization."



 The case was investigated by the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement's
(ICE) Homeland Security Investigations (HSI), and the U.S. Secret Service, with
assistance from law enforcement partners in the United Kingdom, Spain and
Cyprus, and the U.S. Department of Interior's Bureau of Land Management. The
Justice Department's Office of International Affairs provided assistance in the
extradition and mutual legal assistance requests in this case. It is being
prosecuted by Assistant United States Attorneys Sara C. Sweeney and Rachelle
DesVaux Bedke.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              817 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                            Asia News Network (ANN)

                             July 28, 2015 Tuesday

China's central bank increases effort to combat money laundering By Zheng
Yangpeng in Beijing/China Daily/28 July 2015

LENGTH: 465  words


Beijing (China Daily/ANN) -
China's central bank and other government agencies have vowed to step up efforts
to combat money laundering, following recent high-profile cases.
A statement on the People's Bank of China website on Monday said that an
inter-ministerial meeting led by the bank to discuss combating illegal money
transfers was held in Beijing on Friday.
Guo Qingping, a vice-governor of the bank, delivered a report on China's
anti-money-laundering efforts and outlined further plans.
To improve the effectiveness of such work, delegates attending the meeting from
more than 20 departments, including the Ministry of Public Security and the
Supreme People's Court, agreed to strengthen inter-ministerial coordination.
They also agreed to focus on addressing the "institutional roots" of the problem
and to step up efforts in the nonfinancial sector.
They decided to set up a statistics system to combat money laundering and to
increase surveillance on such crimes being committed through the Internet.
The meeting followed several high-profile cases involving Chinese banks'
overseas branches.
In June, Italian prosecutors accused Bank of China, the country's fourth-largest
State-owned lender, along with 297 individuals - mostly Chinese citizens living
in Italy - of transferring about $5.1 billion earned illegally there to China.
They alleged that nearly half of the money was transferred between 2006 and 2010
through the bank's Milan branch.
Bank of China later said it had ordered all overseas branches to strictly follow
the financial regulations of China and the countries in which it operates, and
that all its business "must be legal".
In another case, the US Federal Reserve told China Construction Bank to
strengthen its anti-money-laundering framework, the first such action by the US
central bank against one of China's four largest State-owned banks.
China Construction Bank has not yet responded publicly.
Last week's inter-ministerial meeting also examined a working plan for China to
submit its evaluation of anti-money-laundering efforts and terrorist financing
at the request of the Financial Action Task Force.
China is a member of this body, an intergovernmental organization that develops
and promotes policies to combat money laundering.
Stanley Lubman, a lecturer at the School of Law at the University of California,
Berkeley, wrote in an article, "As China's international economic relations
continue to expand, China must be willing to cooperate to detect and punish
cross-border crimes that are multiplying."  He also noted that when foreign
authorities investigating money laundering cases seek cooperation from Chinese
banks, they often encounter difficulties such as "inconsistent cooperation,
incompatible legal systems and China's secrecy laws".

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 2075


                       Copyright 2015 Asia News Network.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              818 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 19, 2014 Thursday

Minnesota: St. Paul Attorney Convicted of Money Laundering Drug Proceeds Through
His Law Firm

LENGTH: 377  words


St. Paul: United States Attorney's Office for the District of Minnesota has
issued the following press release:

Today in federal court, a jury returned guilty verdicts on all three counts of
an indictment charging Robert David Boedigheimer, 51, of Stillwater, with one
count of Conspiracy to Commit Money Laundering, one count of Money Laundering,
and one count of making a False Statement to an IRS Agent. Boedigheimer, a St.
Paul attorney, was indicted on December 10, 2013.

Boedigheimer conspired with Brandon Lusk, his brother-in-law, a marijuana dealer
based in southem Minnesota to launder the proceeds from the sales of marijuana.
Lusk pleaded guilty in October 2011 to one count of conspiracy and one count of
conspiracy to commit money laundering. Lusk admittedly formed a company called
Rochester Reliable Rentals, which acquired nine Rochester properties. Lusk
knowingly financed improvements and renovations to those properties with
proceeds of the marijuana conspiracy through the assistance of Boedigheimer.
Brandon Lusk, along with Richard Kay of Rochester and others conspired to
distribute more than 1000 grams of marijuana. Kay was sentenced to 200 months in
prison and Lusk is currently awaiting sentencing.

Prosecutors are very pleased with the verdict. Assistant United States Attorney
Steven L. Schleicher stated, "This case needed to be prosecuted because as a
practicing lawyer, the defendant abused the trust that society places on the
practice of law by laundering drug money through his law firm and obstructing a
federal investigation."

Boedigheimer faces a potential maximum penalty of 20 years in prison on the
conspiracy count, 10 years on the money laundering count, and five years on the
false statements count. All sentences will be determined by a federal district
court judge.

This case is the result of an investigation by the Internal Revenue Service-
Criminal Investigation Division, the Minnesota Bureau of Criminal Apprehension,
the Drug Enforcement Administration, the Southeast Minnesota Narcotics and Gang
Task Force (SEMNGTF), and the Wabasha County Sheriff's Office. It is being
prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorneys Steven L. Schleicher and Julie E. Allyn.

For more information please visit: http://www.justice.gov/usao/mn

LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              819 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              DAILY MAIL (London)

                            August 5, 2010 Thursday

US PROBE INTO HSBC 'MONEY LAUNDERING'

LENGTH: 238 words


ROB DAVIES

HSBC is facing a probe

US regulators into possible violations of money laundering rules, writes Rob
Davies.

In a filing to financial regulator the Securities and Exchange Commission, the
US division of Europe's largest bank revealed that it had received subpoenas and
requests for information from a quartet of agencies.

HSBC USA said it was being investigated

the US Department of Justice and the US Attorney's office, on top of ongoing
investigations

the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago and the Office of the Comptroller of the
Currency.

The probe relates to the group's global banknotes business, which sends notes
around the world on behalf of clients.

The group's 'foreign correspondent' business Z which facilitates cross-border
settlements between banks Z has also been caught up in the probe.

HSBC USA said it had taken 'several initial steps to address the concerns of our
regulators'

tightening up controls in its anti-money laundering and bank secrecy procedures.

But the bank admitted in the regulatory filing that it could be hit with
financial penalties if it is found guilty of any wrongdoing.

The investigation will run in parallel with a probe

the Department of Justice into whether clients of HSBC (up 0.6p to 672p) failed
to tell the taxman about money held in offshore accounts. The bank has said it
fully supports government moves for appropriate disclosure

its citizens and does not condone or assist tax evasion.

LOAD-DATE: August 5, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Papers


                   Copyright 2010 Associated Newspapers Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              820 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                             April 12, 1996, Friday

HE ADMITS LAUNDERING DRUG CASH

BYLINE: By WILLIAM K. RASHBAUM

SECTION: News; Pg.  2

LENGTH: 166 words


A Harvard-educated money manager who initially told investigators that he moved
$ 36 million through scores of international bank accounts as part of a research
project pleaded guilty yesterday to federal money-laundering charges.

Jose Franklin Jurado-Rodriguez, who also has a masters degree in economics from
Columbia University and was a researcher at Harvard's Kennedy School, pioneered
the laundering of drug cartel money in the East bloc, officials said.

In a brief hearing before U.S. District Court Judge Jack Weinstein in Brooklyn,
Jurado-Rodriguez pleaded to a single money-laundering count charging that he
washed $ 36 million for Cali cartel kingpin Jose Santacruz Londono. Londono was
slain by Colombian police last month.

Under the plea deal, Jurado-Rodriguez was sentenced to 71/2 years in prison.

But with credit for time served in Luxembourg, where he was first convicted in
1990, and time in jail awaiting trial in this case, he faces about two years.


LOAD-DATE: April 12, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Jose Jurado-Rodriguez

                        Copyright 1996 Daily News, L.P.

                              821 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            October 9, 2008 Thursday
                                Regional Edition

SECTION: STYLE

LENGTH: 596 words


FROM KING FEATURES SYNDICATE, 300 W. 57TH STREET, 15TH FLOOR, NEW YORK, NY 10019

bc-heloise-daily 10-09

FROM KING FEATURES SYNDICATE, 300 W. 57TH STREET, 15TH FLOOR, NEW YORK, NY 10019

CUSTOMER SERVICE: (800) 708-7311, EXT. 236

FOR RELEASE THURSDAY, OCT. 9, 2008

HINTS FROM HELOISE

BY HELOISE

Troubles Under the Arm

Dear Heloise: I have a problem. My husband has used various
ANTIPERSPIRANTS/DEODORANTS. We can't find one that doesn't leave waxy residue at
the armpit that won't come out when laundered, no matter what I do to coax it
along.

I have rubbed detergent into it before I wash it, to no avail. I have used
various products that don't put a dent in it.

He is now using a solid with the maximum level of active ingredient, but because
laundering doesn't remove it, if you iron the shirt, the armpits turn brown.
Help! I will watch your column in the hope that you can help me clean up this
mess. -- Jacque in Ohio

Jacque, help is on the way from our friends at the Drycleaning and Laundry
Institute International. Antiperspirants and deodorants may cause damage after
prolonged contact with a fabric and when combined with perspiration. Also, not
laundering often enough and overuse of an underarm product can cause a buildup
of a caked, stiff residue (you certainly know about that!) that often can damage
the fabric. Try these hints:

Don't overuse antiperspirant/ deodorant, and be sure to let it dry before
putting on clothes.

Soak the shirts in an enzyme presoak or an enzyme detergent before laundering.

Use the hottest water safe for the fabric.

Don't let the shirt sit too long before laundering.

Don't wear the shirt two times in a row without laundering -- that really causes
a buildup.

Stains can ruin a garment, and if you can't wear it, that costs you money. Learn
how to take care of them with my Handy Stain Guide for Clothing, with more than
40 different stain types and removal hints! You probably have the solutions in
your home. Just send $5 and a long, self-addressed, stamped (59 cents) envelope
to: Heloise/Stain, P.O. Box 795001, San Antonio, TX 78279-5001, or you can visit
Heloise.com to order. Cheap hair shampoo can be used to banish ring around the
collar for just pennies. Just scrub it into the area and wash the garment. --
Heloise

CEILING-VENT CLEANING

Dear Heloise: While we were cleaning the house the other day, my husband made a
great discovery! He was helping me dust and discovered that the static dust
cloths on a handle are great at cleaning up the dust, smoke, etc., that collect
on the cottage-cheese ceiling around our vents.

Some of the "cheese" falls, but the ceiling still looks great when you're done.
I tried to use the vacuum cleaner to clean those spots, but it took off almost
all of the cottage-cheese stuff, leaving the ceiling looking terrible. We just
covered or moved furniture, etc., and went crazy cleaning -- each armed with a
duster. -- Cheryl Broughton, Killeen, Texas

BLOW OUT YOUR RAZOR

Dear Heloise: I use a can of pressurized air (from a local office-supply store)
to blow out my razor. It has the right amount of air pressure to clean it
without damaging it. I also use the air to blow out or dust other household
things like the mixer, computer keyboard, stereo equipment, etc. -- Patrick
Trotman, Dallas

Send a money-saving or timesaving hint to Heloise, P.O. Box 795000, San Antonio,
TX 78279-5000, or you can fax it to 1-210-HELOISE or e-mail it to
Heloise(at)Heloise.com. I can't answer your letter personally but will use the
best hints received in my column.

(c)2008 by King Features Syndicate Inc.

AP-NY-09-22-08 1225EDT

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved

                              822 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    April 25, 1992, Saturday, Final Edition

Money Scam Admitted By Md. Man;
Insurance Premiums Were Sent Overseas

Paul W. Valentine, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: METRO; PAGE B1

LENGTH: 595 words

DATELINE: BALTIMORE, April 24, 1992


A Columbia businessman pleaded guilty today to money laundering, admitting he
helped siphon as much as $ 10 million into overseas banks in a decade-long,
family-run malpractice insurance scam against thousands of physicians around the
country.

Leonard A. Bramson, 45, acknowledged in federal court here that the family's
network of unlicensed insurance companies deceived unsuspecting doctors, dodged
malpractice claims and transferred millions of dollars in insurance premiums to
240 bank accounts in Canada, Germany, Denmark, Luxembourg and the Caribbean.

Prosecutors said the case was the largest non-narcotics money-laundering case in
Maryland and one of the largest insurance fraud schemes in the country.

Bramson could be sentenced to up to 20 years in prison, $ 20 million in fines
and an undetermined amount in restitution. Currently in custody, he will be
sentenced after completing cooperation with prosecutors in related cases.

Among other things, Bramson has agreed to help prosecutors find one of his
brothers, Martin Bramson, and their father, Norman Bramson, both believed to
have fled the country last October.

Norman Bramson pleaded guilty in Detroit to currency violations in the insurance
operation, but failed to show up for sentencing. Martin Bramson faced fraud and
money-laundering charges in New Jersey and firearms charges in Maryland when he
disappeared, prosecutors said.

According to a statement of facts entered in court records here today, the
Bramson family, working out of Columbia and Greenbelt since 1981, created a web
of 43 insurance companies, soliciting business by telephone, using aliases and
devising technicalities for denying coverage to doctors against whom claims had
been filed.

If a doctor persisted in demanding coverage, the companies sometimes required a
$ 5,000 surcharge from the doctor, according to the statement of facts. If a
company experienced a large number of claims, it would "avoid payment altogether
by dissolving and starting again under a different company name," the statement
said.

Bramson family companies included International Bahamian Insurance, Professional
Risk Insurers and Casualty Assurance Risk Insurance Brokerage.

According to prosecutor Geoffrey R. Garinther, most of the premium money
collected by the Bramsons passed through the so-called New World Bank in
Anguilla, British West Indies. Leonard Bramson was listed as owner of the bank,
but it in fact was not a bank, according to the court statement. It functioned
only as a bank account at another bank, the Caribbean Commercial Bank in
Anguilla, and its address served as a mail drop and telephone answering service
for the Bramsons, the statement said.

Martin and Leonard Bramson were charged last September in federal court in
Trenton, N.J., in the alleged insurance scheme.

Authorities moved to revoke their bail because the brothers were continuing to
make large overseas transfers of money, prosecutors said, but Martin Bramson
fled from house arrest and is now believed living outside the United States.

Similarly, Norman Bramson disappeared about the same time, according to
prosecutors. Garinther and Assistant U.S. Attorney Carmina S. Hughes speculated
the two may be in Canada, Ireland or Israel.

Last December, a Baltimore Circuit Court judge appointed the Maryland insurance
commissioner's office to liquidate the Bramson insurance companies. To date,
according to prosecutors, assets valued at $ 645,000 have been recovered and an
additional $ 2.8 million has been identified in various U.S. banks.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: MARYLAND NEWS

                       Copyright 1992 The Washington Post

                              823 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Pittsburgh Post-Gazette (Pennsylvania)

                             July 3, 2010 Saturday
                                 SOONER EDITION

BANKS' MONEY LAUNDERING FUELS MEXICAN DRUG CARTELS

BYLINE: Michael Smith, Bloomberg News

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. A-7

LENGTH: 652 words


Just before sunset on April 10, 2006, a DC-9 jet landed at the international
airport in the port city of Ciudad del Carmen, 500 miles east of Mexico City. As
soldiers on the ground approached the plane, the crew tried to shoo them away,
saying there was a dangerous oil leak. The troops grew suspicious and searched
the jet.

They found 128 black suitcases, packed with 5.7 tons of cocaine, valued at $100
million. The stash was supposed to have been delivered from Caracas to drug
traffickers in Toluca, near Mexico City, Mexican prosecutors later found.

Law enforcement officials also discovered something else. The smugglers had
bought the DC-9 with laundered funds they transferred through two of the biggest
banks in the United States: Wachovia Corp. and Bank of America Corp., Bloomberg
Markets reports in its August 2010 issue.

This was no isolated incident. Wells Fargo & Co., which bought Wachovia in 2008,
has admitted in court that its unit failed to monitor and report suspected money
laundering by narcotics traffickers -- including the cash used to buy four
planes that shipped a total of 22 tons of cocaine.

The admission came in an agreement that Charlotte, N.C..-based Wachovia struck
with federal prosecutors in March, and it sheds light on the largely
undocumented role of U.S. banks in contributing to the violent drug trade that
has convulsed Mexico for the past four years.

Wachovia admitted it didn't do enough to spot illicit funds in handling $378.4
billion for Mexican-currency-exchange houses from 2004 to 2007. That's the
largest violation of the Bank Secrecy Act, an anti-money-laundering law, in U.S.
history -- a sum equal to one-third of Mexico's current gross domestic product.

"Wachovia's blatant disregard for our banking laws gave international cocaine
cartels a virtual carte blanche to finance their operations," said Jeffrey
Sloman, the federal prosecutor who handled the case.

Since 2006, more than 22,000 people have been killed in drug-related battles
that have raged mostly along the 2,000-mile border that Mexico shares with the
United States.

Mexican President Felipe Calderon vowed to crush the drug cartels when he took
office in December 2006, and he's since deployed 45,000 troops to fight the
cartels. They've had little success. The United States has pledged Mexico $1.1
billion in the past two years to aid in the fight against narcotics cartels.

"It's the banks laundering money for the cartels that finances the tragedy,"
said Martin Woods, director of Wachovia's anti-money-laundering unit in London
from 2006 to 2009. Mr. Woods says he quit the bank in disgust after executives
ignored his documentation that drug dealers were funneling money through
Wachovia's branch network.

"If you don't see the correlation between the money laundering by banks and the
22,000 people killed in Mexico, you're missing the point," Mr. Woods said.

Wells Fargo regrets that some of Wachovia's former anti-money-laundering efforts
fell short, spokeswoman Mary Eshet said. Wells Fargo has invested $42 million in
the past three years to improve its anti-money-laundering program and has been
working with regulators, she said.

Wachovia is just one of the U.S. and European banks that have been used for drug
money laundering. For the past two decades, Latin American drug traffickers have
gone to U.S. banks to cleanse their dirty cash, says Paul Campo, head of the
U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration's financial crimes unit.

Drug traffickers used accounts at Bank of America in Oklahoma City to buy three
planes that carried 10 tons of cocaine, according to Mexican court filings.
Federal agents caught people who work for Mexican cartels depositing illicit
funds in Bank of America accounts in Atlanta, Chicago and Brownsville, Texas,
from 2002 to 2009. The bank wasn't accused of wrongdoing. Bank of America
spokeswoman Shirley Norton said the bank strictly follows the government rules.

LOAD-DATE: July 5, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Alex Brandon/Associated Press: Mexican President Felipe
Calderon, left, standing on the South Lawn of the White House with U.S.
President Barack Obama in May, has deployed 45,000 troops to fight the Mexican
drug cartels. The United States has pledged Mexico $1.1 billion in the past two
years to aid in the fight against narcotics cartels.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 P.G. Publishing Co.

                              824 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 24, 2016 Friday

Washington: Mexican National Sentenced To More Than 15 Years On Money Laundering
And Drug Trafficking Charges

LENGTH: 360  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Department of Justice has issued the following news release:



 United States District Judge Elizabeth A. Kovachevich today sentenced Edgar
Yanez-Gutierrez (32, Nayarit, Mexico) to 15 years and 8 months in federal prison
for conspiring to commit money laundering and conspiring to distribute cocaine,
methamphetamine, and marijuana.

He pleaded guilty on February 24, 2016. According to the court documents,
Yanez-Gutierrez was part of a large-scale drug trafficking organization (DTO)
that shipped cocaine, methamphetamine, and marijuana from California to drug
distribution and money laundering cells throughout the United States, including
Florida, Ohio, North Carolina, Nevada, New Jersey, New York, Alabama, and
Arkansas. Yanez-Gutierrez fled from California to Mexico in 2011, but was later
arrested and extradited to the United States in December 2015. To date, 27
others have been prosecuted in the Middle District of Florida for their roles in
this DTO. "This sentencing is another step toward the total dismantling of a
dangerous transnational drug trafficking operation, further emphasizing that
criminals cannot hide behind international borders and escape justice." said
Susan L. McCormick, special agent in charge of HSI Tampa. "HSI will continue to
work with our international law enforcement partners to make our country and
communities safer." The case was prosecuted by Assistant United States Attorney
Christopher F. Murray. It was investigated by U.S. Immigration and Customs
Enforcement's Homeland Security Investigations, with assistance from other
federal, state, and local agencies as part of an Organized Crime Drug
Enforcement Task Force (OCDETF) investigation. The principal mission of the
OCDETF program is to identify, disrupt, and dismantle the most serious drug
trafficking and money laundering organizations, and those primarily responsible
for the nation's drug supply. The Office of International Affairs, Department of
Justice, assisted with Yanez-Gutierrez's extradition to the United States.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              825 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 24, 2016 Friday

Washington: Mexican National Sentenced To More Than 15 Years On Money Laundering
And Drug Trafficking Charges

LENGTH: 360  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Department of Justice has issued the following news release:



 United States District Judge Elizabeth A. Kovachevich today sentenced Edgar
Yanez-Gutierrez (32, Nayarit, Mexico) to 15 years and 8 months in federal prison
for conspiring to commit money laundering and conspiring to distribute cocaine,
methamphetamine, and marijuana.

He pleaded guilty on February 24, 2016. According to the court documents,
Yanez-Gutierrez was part of a large-scale drug trafficking organization (DTO)
that shipped cocaine, methamphetamine, and marijuana from California to drug
distribution and money laundering cells throughout the United States, including
Florida, Ohio, North Carolina, Nevada, New Jersey, New York, Alabama, and
Arkansas. Yanez-Gutierrez fled from California to Mexico in 2011, but was later
arrested and extradited to the United States in December 2015. To date, 27
others have been prosecuted in the Middle District of Florida for their roles in
this DTO. "This sentencing is another step toward the total dismantling of a
dangerous transnational drug trafficking operation, further emphasizing that
criminals cannot hide behind international borders and escape justice." said
Susan L. McCormick, special agent in charge of HSI Tampa. "HSI will continue to
work with our international law enforcement partners to make our country and
communities safer." The case was prosecuted by Assistant United States Attorney
Christopher F. Murray. It was investigated by U.S. Immigration and Customs
Enforcement's Homeland Security Investigations, with assistance from other
federal, state, and local agencies as part of an Organized Crime Drug
Enforcement Task Force (OCDETF) investigation. The principal mission of the
OCDETF program is to identify, disrupt, and dismantle the most serious drug
trafficking and money laundering organizations, and those primarily responsible
for the nation's drug supply. The Office of International Affairs, Department of
Justice, assisted with Yanez-Gutierrez's extradition to the United States.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              826 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                             May 4, 2016 Wednesday

Leadership of Local OKC Street Gang and Affiliates Convicted of Operating
Million Dollar Crack Cocaine Distribution Ring

LENGTH: 728  words


Total of Ten Defendants Guilty of Distribution of Over $1 Million of Cocaine
Base

Oklahoma City, Oklahoma

Last Thursday, a federal jury convicted Daryl Lee Ingram, Michael Eugene Banks,
and Michael Shandelon Brown, all from Oklahoma City, of conspiring to distribute
cocaine base (crack) in a million-dollar drug distribution ring, announced Mark
A. Yancey, Acting United States Attorney for the Western District of Oklahoma.
In addition, all three were found guilty of conspiring to launder the proceeds
of that drug-distribution ring.

The trial was a culmination of a long-term investigation into the senior
leadership of a local street gang in Oklahoma City.  According to evidence
presented at trial and court records, Ingram and Banks were both high-ranking
gang members and large-scale cocaine base distributors in Oklahoma City.
Evidence showed that these two were assisted by a number of other individuals in
the gang or affiliates, including Brown.  As part of these conspiracies, Ingram,
Banks, and Brown also involved family members and friends to hide the profits
from illegal drug sales.  Typical of the conspiracy, co-conspirators would
purchase blank $1,000 money orders and mail them to California, where they were
cashed by other co-conspirators for the benefit of the conspiracy.  The drugs
and money recovered during the investigation, as well as the money accounted for
in seized drug ledgers, revealed that this group was responsible for
distributing cocaine base with a street value well in excess of one million
dollars.

Ten people have been charged and convicted as a result of this investigation.
All pled guilty to offenses identified below, except for Ingram, Banks and Brown
who went to trial.  The trial lasted approximately 11 days.  The jury
deliberated approximately 5 hours before finding the three men guilty.

All defendants are awaiting sentencing.  Both Ingram and Banks face mandatory
life sentences as a result of their conviction.  The following summarizes the
charges associated with each of the defendants and the potential sentence they
face:

#

Name

Age & Hometown

Conviction Offenses

Date of Conviction

Potential Sentence

1

Daryl Lee Ingram (aka Black Clacc Ninety Black BJ)

37, Oklahoma City

Conspiracy to distribute cocaine base; conspiracy to commit money laundering of
drug proceeds; manufacturing cocaine base; money laundering

Convicted at trial on April 28, 2016

Mandatory Life in Prison

2

Michael Eugene Banks (aka Bird Birdie and Tiny Bird)

36, Oklahoma City

Conspiracy to distribute cocaine base; conspiracy to commit money laundering of
drug proceeds; manufacturing cocaine base; possession of cocaine base with
intent to distribute; illegally possessing firearms to further a drug
trafficking crime; possession of a firearm by a felon; money laundering; and
witness tampering by threatening a government witness

Convicted at trial on April 28, 2016

Mandatory Life in Prison

3

Michael Shandelon Brown (aka Kaos and Ozz)

36, Oklahoma City

Conspiracy to distribute cocaine base; and conspiracy to commit money laundering
of drug proceeds

Convicted at trial on April 28, 2016

Up to Life in Prison

4

Anthony Ray Anderson

40, Oklahoma City

Maintaining a drug-involved premises

Guilty Plea on April 12, 2016

Up to 20 Years in Prison

5

Linda Donell Banks

56, Oklahoma City

Money laundering of drug proceeds

Guilty plea on August 6, 2015

Up to 20 Years in Prison

6

Raven Tanike Barnes

37, Oklahoma City

Money laundering of drug proceeds

Guilty plea on August 5, 2015

Up to 10 Years in Prison

7

Aundre T Cade

35, Oklahoma City

Possession of cocaine base with intent to distribute

Guilty plea on

October 19, 2015

Up to Life in Prison

8

Brittany Jamelia Frazier

26, Midwest City

Possession of cocaine base

Guilty plea on November 13, 2015

Up to 1 Year in Prison

9

Xavier Jorge Guerrero

43, Los Angeles, CA

Money laundering of drug proceeds

Guilty plea on April 11, 2016

Up to 20 Years in Prison

10

Satin Sierre Watley

24, Oklahoma City

Money laundering of drug proceeds

Guilty plea on June 18, 2015

Up to 20 Years in Prison

These convictions were the result of a joint investigation between the Oklahoma
City Police Department, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, the Internal
Revenue Service Criminal Investigation, and the United States Postal Inspection
Service.  This case was prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorneys David McCrary,
Kate Holey, and Virginia L. Hines. 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              827 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald-Tribune (Florida)

                             June 7, 2008 Saturday
                                SARASOTA EDITION

Former businessman gets 18 years for drugs and money laundering;
But he is unlikely to face charges for millions that his clients say he stole

BYLINE: By TODD RUGER todd.ruger@heraldtribune.com

SECTION: B SECTION; Pg. BS1

LENGTH: 552 words

DATELINE: TAMPA


A federal judge sentenced former Sarasota businessman Daniel Prewett to 18 years
in prison Friday for drug and money laundering convictions.

Prewett, a felon from New York, ran an investment company and Jackson-Hewitt tax
franchise out of a Beneva Road strip mall for 13 years until a federal drug raid
in 2006.

A jury convicted Prewett of laundering cash for undercover agents and financing
a cocaine sale.

Prewett's former tax and investment clients have faced IRS audits and lost
millions of dollars in real estate and money market investments.

"My phone has been ringing off the wall by people who were scammed by him,"
Assistant U.S. Attorney James Meunch told the judge Friday.

"He'll do anything for money," Meunch said. "This drug deal and money laundering
is just one more thing. ... He's here solely because of absolute greed."

Prewett also addressed the judge, blaming his investors' losses on his arrest on
the drug charge -- and the resulting publicity.

Prewett said he was not trying to scam people, but ongoing real estate projects
fell apart after the arrest.

"That caused those losses, not any other criminal activity on my part," Prewett
told the judge.

Former investor Linda Knox, who drove to Tampa to watch the sentencing hearing,
said it was just another example of Prewett's smooth talking. She said she lost
$357,000 investing in a money market account with Prewett.

"It was absolutely ridiculous," Knox said. "I wanted him to get life."

Knox still has a $150,000 check Prewett wrote to her after his arrest. It
bounced, and Prewett skipped out on his $1 million bail and fled to Italy.

It is doubtful Prewett will ever face criminal charges related to the millions
of dollars his former clients say he stole, since extradition laws prohibit them
from bringing new charges against him.

U.S. District Court Judge Richard Lazzara included the international flight from
prosecution, which delayed his case for about nine months, as part of the
sentence.

Lazzara emphasized that the sentence was based only on Prewett's four federal
convictions, not on investor accusations.

A video of Prewett's meeting with a paid government informant in his tax office
was critical to the case. It captured Prewett describing three options for
laundering $100,000 cash.

Prewett twice took $100,000 in cash from the confidential source, took a 10
percent cut to "clean" it, and transferred $90,000 to an undercover Immigration
and Customs Enforcement bank account from his investment firm, JH Investment
Services.

Prewett also wired $80,000 to an undercover bank account so Luciano Angrilli, a
man who ran his nightclubs, could buy 10 kilograms of cocaine from undercover
agents.

Angrilli pleaded guilty but never showed up for his sentencing. Prosecutors
guessed he fled to Italy.

Prewett's former tax clients face ongoing IRS audits, which have already cost a
dozen of them millions of dollars in fines and penalties, their attorney said.

Other investors are pursuing lawsuits against Jackson-Hewitt's corporate office,
which investors say allowed Prewett to confuse customers into thinking Prewett's
investment company, J.H. Investment Services, was part of the Jackson-Hewitt
franchise.

Those investors lost a total of $18 million, their attorney said.
Jackson-Hewitt's attorneys offered them $2,500 each to settle the claims.

LOAD-DATE: June 9, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO
 Daniel Prewett blamed his arrest and the resulting publicity for investors'
losses.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              828 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

               June 24, 1991, MONDAY, ILLINOIS FIVE STAR Edition

LAUNDERING: BIG CASH DEALS AREA STILL A TARGET

BYLINE: Charles Bosworth Jr. Of the Post-Dispatch Staff

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1I

LENGTH: 672 words


Federal prosecutors in East St. Louis say that drug dealers and money launderers
should not take comfort in a jury's acquittal last week of a businesswoman who
was charged with trying to get around the law requiring special reports on cash
transactions of $10,000 or more.  First Assistant U.S. Attorney Clifford Proud
said the two-year-old law was designed to target criminal activities - such as
drug dealing - that generate large amounts of cash.  Proud warned that reports
on purchases of cars, jewelry, boats or other expensive items with lots of cash
still will be watched closely by the Internal Revenue Service and other federal
agencies, and cases warranting prosecution will be filed.  The charge of
structuring transactions to evade reporting requirements has not become common.
The acquittal in U.S. District Court in East St. Louis last week came in the
first such trial there and was only the second time the charge had been filed in
the district; the first case led to a guilty plea about a year ago, Proud said.
But he said federal agencies expect to see more of those cases.  In the case
last week, Lillie M. Collins was charged with writing 73 checks for $9,500 each
over five months in 1989 to withdraw about $690,000 from the bank account for
her business, Crosstown Liquors in East St. Louis.  Assistant U.S. Attorney
James Porter argued that there obviously was a pattern to evade the reporting
requirement.  But her attorney, Clyde L. Kuehn of Belleville, argued that
Collins was confused about the law, and he said that was common among business
people and even bank tellers. Kuehn pointed to testimony by a bank officer that
Collins had asked the officer when she could begin withdrawing more than $10,000
at a time.  When she was told she could do that if she filled out a report, she
began writing checks for $10,000 and providing information for the reports.
Kuehn said Collins needed that much cash, sometimes writing two or three such
checks a day, because she cashed a lot of checks for customers at the store.
''The IRS has geared up for money-laundering and structuring cases over the last
several months,'' Proud said. ''We anticipate more of these cases with much more
frequency in the next 12 to 24 months. They're being targeted vigorously all
over the country.'' He noted that 50 businesses across Missouri, including 35 in
the St. Louis area, were raided last week by IRS investigators and revenue
agents in a crackdown on money laundering. Car dealers, real estate and title
companies, heathers, a motorcycle dealer furrier were among the targets.  Proud
said an appeals court in New York recently upheld indictments of several law
firms there for failing to report fees of more than $10,000 paid in cash.  The
structuring charge alleges that someone set up a pattern of cash transactions to
get around the requirement that a special form - called a CTR for ''currency
transaction report'' - be filled out by a financial institution each time more
than $10,000 in cash is exchanged.  The law does not require prosecutors to
prove that the transactions were intended to assist any illegal activity - just
that a pattern to get around filing the reports existed.  But Proud said the
charge could be difficult to prove unless there is evidence of some criminal
activity accompanying the structuring.  The lack of that element in the case
last week apparently left the jury unconvinced.  Kuehn said he was troubled by
the fact that the charge could be filed even when the reason for the way the
money was handled was ''not necessarily criminal.'' He said the lack of criminal
activity as a requirement suggested the law was written in hopes of fighting
crime by ''making money evil.'' ''This could be legitimate money,'' he said. ''A
lot of people are afraid of the IRS for fear's sake. They're afraid they're
going to have an IRS agent come after them if they have a lot of these forms
filled out. So they decide it's easy to take $9,500 and come back and get
another $9,500 later.''

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: Photo; PHOTO HEADSHOT of Clyde L. Kuehn ... Defense attorney

                  Copyright 1991 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.

                              829 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                           September 2, 2014 Tuesday

Man says indictment for illegal gambling is unfair

SECTION: DAKOTA WIRE; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 129 words


FARGO - A man accused of running an illegal gambling operation in North Dakota
says the case should be dismissed because the charges conflict with a plea
agreement in a separate money laundering case.

Gerald Greenfield of Bloomington, Minn., is charged in federal court with three
counts, including conducting sports betting business and conspiracy to commit
money laundering. Greenfield allegedly ran the gambling operation for four years
and made an annual profit of between $500,000 and $600,000.

Greenfield pleaded guilty to money laundering in 2010 and was sentenced in
Minnesota state court to more than four years in prison. His attorney said the
plea agreement in that case can be interpreted to show that separate gambling
charges would not be brought against Greenfield.

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2014 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved

                              830 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Lebanon Democrat, Tenn.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             March 11, 2014 Tuesday

Former Nissan employee, two others plead in scheme to defraud company

BYLINE: The Lebanon Democrat, Tenn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 491 words


March 11--NASHVILLE -- Kenneth Carter, 45, of Corona, Calif., Wendell Young, 34,
of Inglewood, Calif., and Bruce Young, 50, of Compton, Calif., pleaded guilty
Friday to participating in a scheme to defraud Nissan North America, according
to U.S. attorney David Rivera.

Judge William J. Haynes Jr. is expected to sentence them May 30.

Carter pleaded guilty to all counts in the indictment, including conspiracy to
commit mail fraud, three counts of mail fraud and conspiracy to commit money
laundering. Carter faces up to 20 years in prison and a fine of $500,000 on the
conspiracy to commit money laundering count, up to 20 years in prison and a fine
of $250,000 on each of the mail fraud counts and up to five years in prison and
a fine of $250,000 on the conspiracy to commit mail fraud count.

Wendell Young and Bruce Young entered into plea agreements with the government
whereby each pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy to commit money
laundering.

According to the indictment, from March 2007 through April 2008 Carter was
employed at Nissan's Franklin headquarters as an "arbitration specialist." In
that role, his duties were to negotiate with attorneys who brought claims on
behalf of Nissan owners, alleging Nissan had violated "lemon laws" or the
Federal Warranty Act.

The indictment alleged the defendants engaged in a scheme to defraud Nissan.
Bruce Young and Wendell Young, among others, would approach individuals who
owned Nissan vehicles to get information, such as the owner's name, address and
vehicle identification numbers. Carter then used this information to file false
and fraudulent claims at Nissan, requesting settlement checks. Once the checks
were issued, Bruce Young, Wendell Young, and others directed the Nissan owners
to deposit the checks into their bank accounts or to cash the checks.

Bruce Young and Wendell Young then told the Nissan owners to pay them a portion
of the funds the owners received from Nissan. A portion of those funds were then
paid to Carter, and Bruce Young and Wendell Young kept a portion of those
proceeds for themselves. During the course of the scheme, Carter filed about 80
false claims, totaling about $571,500.

Six defendants were charged in the indictment and the guilty pleas represent the
final three defendants.  The three other defendants previously entered guilty
pleas, including Adrian Franklin, 40, of Chandler, Ariz., who pleaded guilty to
one count of conspiracy to commit money laundering Nov. 18, and Francisco
DeLaRosa, 40, of West Covina, Calif., and Tracey Young, 45, of Los Angeles,
Calif., who each pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy to commit money
laundering Feb. 21.

The IRS Criminal Investigation and Tennessee Bureau of Investigation
investigated the case. Assistant U.S. attorney Kathryn Ward Booth served as
prosecutor.

___ (c)2014 The Lebanon Democrat, Tenn. Visit The Lebanon Democrat, Tenn. at
www.lebanondemocrat.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20140311-1LD-Former-Nissan-employee-two-others-plead-in-scheme-to-defraud-compan
y-0311-20140311

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1LD


                                 Copyright 2014

                              831 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                             June 4, 2011 Saturday
                                 First Edition

Federal police help FBI in poker fraud probe

BYLINE: Ben Butler

SECTION: NEWS AND FEATURES; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 392 words


THE Australian Federal Police has been drawn into a US investigation into
alleged bank fraud by online poker sites in which the FBI alleges $US540 million
($507 million) was laundered by an Australian payments processor. Charges laid
in New York's Southern District Court have also put a question mark over
lucrative sponsorship deals held by Crown Casino, whose Aussie Millions poker
tournament was this year sponsored by Full Tilt Poker, and the Cronulla Sharks,
who boast PokerStars as their sleeve sponsor. "It's a US investigation, but
we're assisting," an AFP spokeswoman said.

The charges, which attract jail sentences of up to 30 years and fines running
into the millions of dollars, have also sparked a public rift between Full Tilt
and its star player, Phil Ivey, who has filed a lawsuit in Nevada alleging the
company owes gamblers more than $US150 million in unpaid winnings. Public
allegations Full Tilt has been implicated in money laundering also caused him
"public ridicule, humiliation, and loss of personal and professional
reputation," Mr Ivey said in a complaint filed with the Clark County District
Court on Wednesday. In April, the FBI unsealed a grand jury indictment charging
11 people, including the founders of Full Tilt, Pokerstars and another large
online poker site, Absolute Poker, with bank fraud, money laundering and illegal
gambling. At the same time, US authorities launched a civil suit against the
poker sites and some of the companies that processed their payments claiming a
total of at least $2 billion. In its indictment, the FBI alleges Intabill, a
British Virgin Islands-registered company associated with bankrupt Australian
information technology entrepeneur Daniel Tzvetkoff, "processed at least
$543,210,092 of transactions for the poker companies from mid-2007 through March
2009". US authorities charged Mr Tzvetkoff with money-laundering offences last
year, but he has since been released on bail and is reported to be one of three
confidential witnesses who are co-operating with the FBI investigation. While Mr
Tzvetkoff is not named in the case brought by US authorities, the indictment
alleges Intabill had a central role in processing payments for the poker
companies. The FBI alleges "Intabill disguised the gambling transactions as the
transactions of dozens of phony financial service merchants".

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Daniel Tzvetkoff ... charged with money laundering.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2011 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved

                              832 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The Gazette (Montreal)

                           January 25, 2006 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Quebec man charged with money-laundering: Martin Tremblay arrested in New York,
alleged to have used Bahamas-based firm

BYLINE: The Gazette

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B4

LENGTH: 325  words


A Quebec man has been arrested in New York and charged with laundering $1
billion U.S. in proceeds from a startling array of illegal activities from drug
trafficking to stock-market scams to tax evasion.

Martin Tremblay, a native of Chicoutimi, was arraigned this week in New York on
charges he used his Nassau, Bahamas-based company, Dominion Investments Ltd., to
run a lucrative money-laundering business from 1998 to the end of last year.

An indictment unsealed Friday in Manhattan federal court alleges that Tremblay
used Dominion Investments to launder proceeds from trafficking of cocaine and
GHB, commonly known as the date-rape drug. He is also accused of laundering the
proceeds of "securities fraud scams, income tax evasion, wire fraud scams and
bank fraud, among other crimes."

To launder the money, Martin allegedly created shell companies and used false
names, addresses and telephone numbers, the indictment states. It also says he
and unidentified co-conspirators used banks in Canada, the Bahamas and elsewhere
to deposit and transfer illegal money. He is alleged to have received
"substantial commissions" for his services.

"Between 2003 and 2004, Martin Tremblay, the defendant, moved more than $1
billion through his Dominion Investments-related bank accounts," the indictment
alleges.

Tremblay fell victim last year to a police sting operation in which undercover
agents transferred $220,000 to accounts related to Dominion Investments on
Tremblay's instructions, the indictment states.

An accompanying press release issued by the U.S. Attorney in the Southern
District of New York says: "Tremblay was videotaped agreeing to launder large
amounts of money earned from narcotics sales" as part of the sting operation.

Tremblay appeared before a federal judge on Monday and pleaded not guilty to the
charges. If convicted, he faces 20 years in prison plus a fine of twice the
value of the laundered narcotics proceeds. He remains in custody.

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business; Crime

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2006 The Gazette, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              833 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Daily Balochistan Express

                              May 24, 2015 Sunday

Pakistani National Convicted For Drug Conspiracy, Money Laundering in US

LENGTH: 557  words


A Pakistani national has been convicted by a US court for running an
international drug trafficking scheme and committing money laundering crimes
that he carried out with his partners based in countries like India and
Pakistan.

Aijaz Sarfraz, a resident of Karachi, who was arrested in 2012, has been found
guilty of conspiracy to manufacture and distribute controlled substances and
international money laundering crimes.

A Texas court convicted him last week for his role in illegally importing and
distributing millions of counterfeit pills throughout the US.

Sarfraz, 49, was found guilty on two charges, conspiracy to manufacture and
distribute controlled substances and an international money laundering
conspiracy, according to officials with the US Attorney's Office.

Related

US Magistrate Judge Don Bush yesterday granted a preliminary order of
forfeiture, awarding the government more than $38.9 million based on a portion
of the proceeds earned through the illegal venture between 2009 and 2012.

He faces up to 20 years in federal prison on each of the two charges. A
sentencing date has not been set.

According to information presented in court, Sarfraz and his co-conspirators
operated numerous illegal websites through which they distributed millions of
illicit controlled substances to Internet customers throughout the United
States.

Those pills included popular prescription medications as OxyContin, Percocet,
Adderall, Ritalin, Hydrocodone, Xanax, Valium, Ambien among others.

The counterfeit drugs were generally manufactured in China, Singapore, Malaysia,
India, Pakistan and Hong Kong.

The pills, which were made to look like authentic prescription medications
approved for use in the US when validly prescribed by a physician, often
contained incorrect active pharmaceutical ingredients or the wrong quantity and
dosage strength of those substances.

No physicians or medical professionals of any kind were involved at any stage of
the drug distribution process. Anyone with access to the Internet, a credit card
and a physical mailing address could order drugs from the criminal organisation
without a prescription or limits on quantity desired.

According to Justice Department key members of the group operated in Pakistan,
India, the United Arab Emirates, and other foreign countries.

Bulk pill shipments containing 25,000 to 50,000 or more pills at a time were
shipped to ground operatives living in the US, who would re-ship the pills to
co-conspirators operating in other parts of the country and fulfil Internet drug
orders by drop-shipping individual pill bottles to Internet customers.

Evidence presented at trial established that the drug trafficking organisation
was capable of distributing upwards of 1 million pills or more per month on an
average.

This is believed to be one of the largest cases of its kind ever prosecuted in
the United States in terms of pill quantities involved.

Sarfraz and other conspirators also caused money to be moved back into the US
through foreign banks and shell companies for the purpose of funding US
operations by, for example, purchasing bulk pill bottles, postage and other
shipping supplies, as well as paying ground operatives.

It is estimated that the criminal enterprise may have generated as much as $100
million or more in proceeds between 2009 and 2012, the Justice Department said.

LOAD-DATE: May 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2015 Daily Balochistan Express
                              All Rights Reserved

                              834 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The Frontier Star

                              May 24, 2015 Sunday

Pakistani National Convicted For Drug Conspiracy, Money Laundering in US

SECTION: Vol. 20 No. 143

LENGTH: 557  words


A Pakistani national has been convicted by a US court for running an
international drug trafficking scheme and committing money laundering crimes
that he carried out with his partners based in countries like India and
Pakistan.

Aijaz Sarfraz, a resident of Karachi, who was arrested in 2012, has been found
guilty of conspiracy to manufacture and distribute controlled substances and
international money laundering crimes.

A Texas court convicted him last week for his role in illegally importing and
distributing millions of counterfeit pills throughout the US.

Sarfraz, 49, was found guilty on two charges, conspiracy to manufacture and
distribute controlled substances and an international money laundering
conspiracy, according to officials with the US Attorney's Office.

Related

US Magistrate Judge Don Bush yesterday granted a preliminary order of
forfeiture, awarding the government more than $38.9 million based on a portion
of the proceeds earned through the illegal venture between 2009 and 2012.

He faces up to 20 years in federal prison on each of the two charges. A
sentencing date has not been set.

According to information presented in court, Sarfraz and his co-conspirators
operated numerous illegal websites through which they distributed millions of
illicit controlled substances to Internet customers throughout the United
States.

Those pills included popular prescription medications as OxyContin, Percocet,
Adderall, Ritalin, Hydrocodone, Xanax, Valium, Ambien among others.

The counterfeit drugs were generally manufactured in China, Singapore, Malaysia,
India, Pakistan and Hong Kong.

The pills, which were made to look like authentic prescription medications
approved for use in the US when validly prescribed by a physician, often
contained incorrect active pharmaceutical ingredients or the wrong quantity and
dosage strength of those substances.

No physicians or medical professionals of any kind were involved at any stage of
the drug distribution process. Anyone with access to the Internet, a credit card
and a physical mailing address could order drugs from the criminal organisation
without a prescription or limits on quantity desired.

According to Justice Department key members of the group operated in Pakistan,
India, the United Arab Emirates, and other foreign countries.

Bulk pill shipments containing 25,000 to 50,000 or more pills at a time were
shipped to ground operatives living in the US, who would re-ship the pills to
co-conspirators operating in other parts of the country and fulfil Internet drug
orders by drop-shipping individual pill bottles to Internet customers.

Evidence presented at trial established that the drug trafficking organisation
was capable of distributing upwards of 1 million pills or more per month on an
average.

This is believed to be one of the largest cases of its kind ever prosecuted in
the United States in terms of pill quantities involved.

Sarfraz and other conspirators also caused money to be moved back into the US
through foreign banks and shell companies for the purpose of funding US
operations by, for example, purchasing bulk pill bottles, postage and other
shipping supplies, as well as paying ground operatives.

It is estimated that the criminal enterprise may have generated as much as $100
million or more in proceeds between 2009 and 2012, the Justice Department said.

LOAD-DATE: May 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 The Frontier Star
                              All Rights Reserved

                              835 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Messenger

                              May 24, 2015 Sunday

Pakistani National Convicted For Drug Conspiracy, Money Laundering in US

SECTION: Vol. VII No. 143

LENGTH: 557  words


A Pakistani national has been convicted by a US court for running an
international drug trafficking scheme and committing money laundering crimes
that he carried out with his partners based in countries like India and
Pakistan.

Aijaz Sarfraz, a resident of Karachi, who was arrested in 2012, has been found
guilty of conspiracy to manufacture and distribute controlled substances and
international money laundering crimes.

A Texas court convicted him last week for his role in illegally importing and
distributing millions of counterfeit pills throughout the US.

Sarfraz, 49, was found guilty on two charges, conspiracy to manufacture and
distribute controlled substances and an international money laundering
conspiracy, according to officials with the US Attorney's Office.

Related

US Magistrate Judge Don Bush yesterday granted a preliminary order of
forfeiture, awarding the government more than $38.9 million based on a portion
of the proceeds earned through the illegal venture between 2009 and 2012.

He faces up to 20 years in federal prison on each of the two charges. A
sentencing date has not been set.

According to information presented in court, Sarfraz and his co-conspirators
operated numerous illegal websites through which they distributed millions of
illicit controlled substances to Internet customers throughout the United
States.

Those pills included popular prescription medications as OxyContin, Percocet,
Adderall, Ritalin, Hydrocodone, Xanax, Valium, Ambien among others.

The counterfeit drugs were generally manufactured in China, Singapore, Malaysia,
India, Pakistan and Hong Kong.

The pills, which were made to look like authentic prescription medications
approved for use in the US when validly prescribed by a physician, often
contained incorrect active pharmaceutical ingredients or the wrong quantity and
dosage strength of those substances.

No physicians or medical professionals of any kind were involved at any stage of
the drug distribution process. Anyone with access to the Internet, a credit card
and a physical mailing address could order drugs from the criminal organisation
without a prescription or limits on quantity desired.

According to Justice Department key members of the group operated in Pakistan,
India, the United Arab Emirates, and other foreign countries.

Bulk pill shipments containing 25,000 to 50,000 or more pills at a time were
shipped to ground operatives living in the US, who would re-ship the pills to
co-conspirators operating in other parts of the country and fulfil Internet drug
orders by drop-shipping individual pill bottles to Internet customers.

Evidence presented at trial established that the drug trafficking organisation
was capable of distributing upwards of 1 million pills or more per month on an
average.

This is believed to be one of the largest cases of its kind ever prosecuted in
the United States in terms of pill quantities involved.

Sarfraz and other conspirators also caused money to be moved back into the US
through foreign banks and shell companies for the purpose of funding US
operations by, for example, purchasing bulk pill bottles, postage and other
shipping supplies, as well as paying ground operatives.

It is estimated that the criminal enterprise may have generated as much as $100
million or more in proceeds between 2009 and 2012, the Justice Department said.

LOAD-DATE: May 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2015 The Messenger
                              All Rights Reserved

                              836 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                   Inland Valley Daily Bulletin (Ontario, CA)

                           February 22, 2014 Saturday

Hollywood sting snared State Sen. Ron Calderon, U.S. attorney says

BYLINE: Dakota Smith

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 553 words


State Sen. Ron Calderon s lucky streak ended in Las Vegas.

For months, the Montebello Democrat quietly had taken bribes from a Hollywood
studio owner, federal officials allege. Calderon also received free tickets to a
Lady Gaga concert and scored a VIP table at a Nelly show, courtesy of the studio
owner, court documents show.

But the high-roller lifestyle came to an end in May when Calderon walked into
the Bellagio Hotel, believing he was meeting his studio friends, new court
documents allege.

Instead, he was confronted by FBI agents.

Court documents filed Friday offer a new timeline of the case against Calderon,
who is charged with accepting nearly $70,000 in bribes from undercover agents
posing as studio executives.

The court documents, filed in a case involving a leaked affidavit, came on the
same day Calderon was charged with 24 counts of fraud, money laundering, bribery
and other charges.

His brother, Tom Calderon, a former assemblyman, was charged with conspiracy to
commit money laundering and money laundering.

In an investigation that stretched from Long Beach to Sacramento, Ron Calderon
is facing 395 years in prison if he is convicted of taking bribes both from the
undercover agent and a hospital executive.

Ron Calderon s attorney, Mark Geragos, didn t return a phone call Friday. He has
previously said his client is innocent.

In the case of the Hollywood bribes, Calderon is charged with taking money from
the studio executive in return for promises to changes the state s film tax
laws.

Speaking to reporters Friday, U.S. Attorney André Birotte Jr. said Calderon
lobbied his colleagues in Sacramento to expand the state s $100 million a year
film tax credit program so smaller productions could apply for the subsidies.

Such a change would be a  financial boon for small, independent studios,
Birotte said.

The undercover agent, who is believed to have gone by the name Rocky Patel,
worked at production company in a nondescript building in downtown Los Angeles.

Earlier court documents state the agent and Calderon frequently met for dinners
and lunches to talk about changing the film tax credit program. The pair also
met at Patel s downtown Los Angeles apartment.

Birotte said Friday the undercover agent agreed to hire Calderon s daughter,
paying her $40,000. In reality, the daughter didn t actually do work for the
studio.

Another $5,000 went to pay for Calderon s son s tuition. And another $25,000
went to a political group controlled by Calderon and his brother Tom, Birotte
said.

Birotte also said Calderon agreed to hire the purported girlfriend of the
undercover agent, giving her a position in Sacramento.

In May 2013, Calderon went to Las Vegas to meet his studio friends.

After the senator entered the Bellagio, he was met by federal agents,  who
explained to Calderon that they worked for the FBI s Public Corruption Squad and
had been investigating him for quite some time,  court documents state.

The FBI agents continued to meet with Calderon over the course of several days.
Calderon told the agents he was willing to wear a wire, and subsequently went on
to record conversations with two, unnamed officials, documents state.

About a month later, the FBI conducted a high-profile raid of the senator s
Sacramento office.

Birotte told reporters Calderon was expected to surrender on Monday.

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              837 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Pasadena Star-News (California)

                           February 22, 2014 Saturday

Hollywood sting snared State Sen. Ron Calderon, U.S. attorney says

BYLINE: Dakota Smith

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 553 words


State Sen. Ron Calderon s lucky streak ended in Las Vegas.

For months, the Montebello Democrat quietly had taken bribes from a Hollywood
studio owner, federal officials allege. Calderon also received free tickets to a
Lady Gaga concert and scored a VIP table at a Nelly show, courtesy of the studio
owner, court documents show.

But the high-roller lifestyle came to an end in May when Calderon walked into
the Bellagio Hotel, believing he was meeting his studio friends, new court
documents allege.

Instead, he was confronted by FBI agents.

Court documents filed Friday offer a new timeline of the case against Calderon,
who is charged with accepting nearly $70,000 in bribes from undercover agents
posing as studio executives.

The court documents, filed in a case involving a leaked affidavit, came on the
same day Calderon was charged with 24 counts of fraud, money laundering, bribery
and other charges.

His brother, Tom Calderon, a former assemblyman, was charged with conspiracy to
commit money laundering and money laundering.

In an investigation that stretched from Long Beach to Sacramento, Ron Calderon
is facing 395 years in prison if he is convicted of taking bribes both from the
undercover agent and a hospital executive.

Ron Calderon s attorney, Mark Geragos, didn t return a phone call Friday. He has
previously said his client is innocent.

In the case of the Hollywood bribes, Calderon is charged with taking money from
the studio executive in return for promises to changes the state s film tax
laws.

Speaking to reporters Friday, U.S. Attorney André Birotte Jr. said Calderon
lobbied his colleagues in Sacramento to expand the state s $100 million a year
film tax credit program so smaller productions could apply for the subsidies.

Such a change would be a  financial boon for small, independent studios,
Birotte said.

The undercover agent, who is believed to have gone by the name Rocky Patel,
worked at production company in a nondescript building in downtown Los Angeles.

Earlier court documents state the agent and Calderon frequently met for dinners
and lunches to talk about changing the film tax credit program. The pair also
met at Patel s downtown Los Angeles apartment.

Birotte said Friday the undercover agent agreed to hire Calderon s daughter,
paying her $40,000. In reality, the daughter didn t actually do work for the
studio.

Another $5,000 went to pay for Calderon s son s tuition. And another $25,000
went to a political group controlled by Calderon and his brother Tom, Birotte
said.

Birotte also said Calderon agreed to hire the purported girlfriend of the
undercover agent, giving her a position in Sacramento.

In May 2013, Calderon went to Las Vegas to meet his studio friends.

After the senator entered the Bellagio, he was met by federal agents,  who
explained to Calderon that they worked for the FBI s Public Corruption Squad and
had been investigating him for quite some time,  court documents state.

The FBI agents continued to meet with Calderon over the course of several days.
Calderon told the agents he was willing to wear a wire, and subsequently went on
to record conversations with two, unnamed officials, documents state.

About a month later, the FBI conducted a high-profile raid of the senator s
Sacramento office.

Birotte told reporters Calderon was expected to surrender on Monday.

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2014 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Los Angeles Newspaper Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              838 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        San Bernardino Sun (California)

                           February 22, 2014 Saturday

Hollywood sting snared State Sen. Ron Calderon, U.S. attorney says

BYLINE: Dakota Smith

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 553 words


State Sen. Ron Calderon s lucky streak ended in Las Vegas.

For months, the Montebello Democrat quietly had taken bribes from a Hollywood
studio owner, federal officials allege. Calderon also received free tickets to a
Lady Gaga concert and scored a VIP table at a Nelly show, courtesy of the studio
owner, court documents show.

But the high-roller lifestyle came to an end in May when Calderon walked into
the Bellagio Hotel, believing he was meeting his studio friends, new court
documents allege.

Instead, he was confronted by FBI agents.

Court documents filed Friday offer a new timeline of the case against Calderon,
who is charged with accepting nearly $70,000 in bribes from undercover agents
posing as studio executives.

The court documents, filed in a case involving a leaked affidavit, came on the
same day Calderon was charged with 24 counts of fraud, money laundering, bribery
and other charges.

His brother, Tom Calderon, a former assemblyman, was charged with conspiracy to
commit money laundering and money laundering.

In an investigation that stretched from Long Beach to Sacramento, Ron Calderon
is facing 395 years in prison if he is convicted of taking bribes both from the
undercover agent and a hospital executive.

Ron Calderon s attorney, Mark Geragos, didn t return a phone call Friday. He has
previously said his client is innocent.

In the case of the Hollywood bribes, Calderon is charged with taking money from
the studio executive in return for promises to changes the state s film tax
laws.

Speaking to reporters Friday, U.S. Attorney André Birotte Jr. said Calderon
lobbied his colleagues in Sacramento to expand the state s $100 million a year
film tax credit program so smaller productions could apply for the subsidies.

Such a change would be a  financial boon for small, independent studios,
Birotte said.

The undercover agent, who is believed to have gone by the name Rocky Patel,
worked at production company in a nondescript building in downtown Los Angeles.

Earlier court documents state the agent and Calderon frequently met for dinners
and lunches to talk about changing the film tax credit program. The pair also
met at Patel s downtown Los Angeles apartment.

Birotte said Friday the undercover agent agreed to hire Calderon s daughter,
paying her $40,000. In reality, the daughter didn t actually do work for the
studio.

Another $5,000 went to pay for Calderon s son s tuition. And another $25,000
went to a political group controlled by Calderon and his brother Tom, Birotte
said.

Birotte also said Calderon agreed to hire the purported girlfriend of the
undercover agent, giving her a position in Sacramento.

In May 2013, Calderon went to Las Vegas to meet his studio friends.

After the senator entered the Bellagio, he was met by federal agents,  who
explained to Calderon that they worked for the FBI s Public Corruption Squad and
had been investigating him for quite some time,  court documents state.

The FBI agents continued to meet with Calderon over the course of several days.
Calderon told the agents he was willing to wear a wire, and subsequently went on
to record conversations with two, unnamed officials, documents state.

About a month later, the FBI conducted a high-profile raid of the senator s
Sacramento office.

Birotte told reporters Calderon was expected to surrender on Monday.

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              839 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    San Gabriel Valley Tribune (California)

                           February 22, 2014 Saturday

Hollywood sting snared State Sen. Ron Calderon, U.S. attorney says

BYLINE: Dakota Smith

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 553 words


State Sen. Ron Calderon s lucky streak ended in Las Vegas.

For months, the Montebello Democrat quietly had taken bribes from a Hollywood
studio owner, federal officials allege. Calderon also received free tickets to a
Lady Gaga concert and scored a VIP table at a Nelly show, courtesy of the studio
owner, court documents show.

But the high-roller lifestyle came to an end in May when Calderon walked into
the Bellagio Hotel, believing he was meeting his studio friends, new court
documents allege.

Instead, he was confronted by FBI agents.

Court documents filed Friday offer a new timeline of the case against Calderon,
who is charged with accepting nearly $70,000 in bribes from undercover agents
posing as studio executives.

The court documents, filed in a case involving a leaked affidavit, came on the
same day Calderon was charged with 24 counts of fraud, money laundering, bribery
and other charges.

His brother, Tom Calderon, a former assemblyman, was charged with conspiracy to
commit money laundering and money laundering.

In an investigation that stretched from Long Beach to Sacramento, Ron Calderon
is facing 395 years in prison if he is convicted of taking bribes both from the
undercover agent and a hospital executive.

Ron Calderon s attorney, Mark Geragos, didn t return a phone call Friday. He has
previously said his client is innocent.

In the case of the Hollywood bribes, Calderon is charged with taking money from
the studio executive in return for promises to changes the state s film tax
laws.

Speaking to reporters Friday, U.S. Attorney André Birotte Jr. said Calderon
lobbied his colleagues in Sacramento to expand the state s $100 million a year
film tax credit program so smaller productions could apply for the subsidies.

Such a change would be a  financial boon for small, independent studios,
Birotte said.

The undercover agent, who is believed to have gone by the name Rocky Patel,
worked at production company in a nondescript building in downtown Los Angeles.

Earlier court documents state the agent and Calderon frequently met for dinners
and lunches to talk about changing the film tax credit program. The pair also
met at Patel s downtown Los Angeles apartment.

Birotte said Friday the undercover agent agreed to hire Calderon s daughter,
paying her $40,000. In reality, the daughter didn t actually do work for the
studio.

Another $5,000 went to pay for Calderon s son s tuition. And another $25,000
went to a political group controlled by Calderon and his brother Tom, Birotte
said.

Birotte also said Calderon agreed to hire the purported girlfriend of the
undercover agent, giving her a position in Sacramento.

In May 2013, Calderon went to Las Vegas to meet his studio friends.

After the senator entered the Bellagio, he was met by federal agents,  who
explained to Calderon that they worked for the FBI s Public Corruption Squad and
had been investigating him for quite some time,  court documents state.

The FBI agents continued to meet with Calderon over the course of several days.
Calderon told the agents he was willing to wear a wire, and subsequently went on
to record conversations with two, unnamed officials, documents state.

About a month later, the FBI conducted a high-profile raid of the senator s
Sacramento office.

Birotte told reporters Calderon was expected to surrender on Monday.

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2014 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Los Angeles Newspaper Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              840 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                   The Daily Independent (Ashland, Kentucky)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           August 17, 2011 Wednesday

Names, charges revealed in motorcycle theft ring case

BYLINE: Kenneth Hart, The Daily Independent, Ashland, Ky.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 720 words


Aug. 17--LONDON -- Details continued to emerge Wednesday regarding an alleged
motorcycle theft and money-laundering ring.

The government on Wednesday unsealed the 15-count indictment returned last week
in the case its entirety, revealing the names and charges against five
defendants who had not previously been identified.

They are:

-- Mark Justice, charged with conspiracy to money-laundering, two counts of
aiding and abetting money-laundering and possession of vehicles and vehicle
parts with altered vehicle identification, or VIN, numbers and aiding and
abetting same.

-- Robert Jason Chapman, charged with conspiracy to and aiding and abetting
money-laundering.

-- John C. Slusher, charged with conspiracy to and aiding and abetting money
laundering, possession of vehicles and vehicle parts with altered VIN, numbers
and aiding and abetting same.

-- Shon Fields, charged with conspiracy to and aiding abetting money-laundering,
money-laundering and obstruction of justice.

-- Christina Bannigan, charged with conspiracy to and aiding and abetting money-
laundering.

Court records do not list the ages and addresses of any of the defendants.
However, it's known that Justice is from Ashland.

He was the lead plaintiff in a federal civil suit that was filed in 2008 against
the Kentucky State Police by a number of motorcycle owners whose bikes were
seized during the course of the theft ring investigation. The case was dropped
in 2009 after the plaintiffs' attorney, Garis L. Pruitt, retired from practicing
law.

Two others charged in the case, Richard "Dickie" Meade and George Ferguson, both
of Ashland, were arrested last week and were arraigned Monday in U.S. District
Court in London, along with another defendant, Robert "Trader Bob" Harris. All
three entered pleas of not guilty.

The defendants all were allegedly involved in a theft ring that stole
motorcycles and motorcycle parts. The case has been under investigation for
about four years by the FBI and the Kentucky State Police's London post. The
group's alleged crimes began in 2000 and continued through early 2008, in Bell,
Knox, Boyd, Greenup and Campbell counties in Kentucky, among other locations,
according to the indictment.

According to authorities, the alleged operation included a motorcycle chop shop
on Meade Springer Road, where stolen bikes were taken, disassembled and then put
back together on new frames with new VIN numbers so they could be sold.

Justice, Chapman, Fields and Bannigan all are charged in connection with a
transaction that occurred on Sept. 8, 2006, in Boyd County, the indictment
states. It involved the sale of a Harley-Davidson motorcycle containing stolen
parts.

Justice also is charged in another Harley sale that occurred on Oct. 19, 2006,
and with knowingly purchasing a Harley with an altered VIN number on Aug. 29,
2007. Both offenses occurred in Boyd County, the indictment states.

Slusher is charged in the alleged sale of two Harleys with stolen components,
which occurred Oct. 10, 2006, Feb. 1, 2008, in Bell County.

Fields, along with Meade, is charged in the March 12, 2007, sale of a Thunder
Mountain motorcycle in Boyd County. That bike also allegedly contained stolen
parts.

Fields also is charged with obstruction of justice for allegedly lying to a
federal grand jury in London while the case was under investigation.

The defendants could face up to 20 years each in prison if they are convicted.
However, application of federal sentencing guidelines likely would result in
them receiving shorter terms.

In addition, the government is seeking forfeiture of roughly $2.5 million cash
-- the amount it alleges the defendants derived from its criminal activities --
along with six motorcycles seized in the investigation, and 45 pieces of
property in Boyd and Bell counties owned by Meade and Slusher.

A grand jury indictment is a formal accusation of a crime and does not establish
guilt.

KENNETH HART can be reached at khart@dailyindependent.com or

(606) 326-2654.

To see more of The Daily Independent or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.dailyindependent.com. Copyright (c) 2011, The Daily Independent,
Ashland, Ky. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20110817-KA-Names-charges-revealed-in-motorcycle-theft-ring-case-0817-20110817

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KA


                      Copyright 2011 The Daily Independent

                              841 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                           January 23, 2010 Saturday

Police headlines

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. A5

LENGTH: 435 words


Last four in mortgage scheme receive sentences

DAYTON - The last four participants in a mortgage fraud scheme, which affected
205 residential properties across Montgomery County and defrauded 33 mortgage
lending institutions of more than $7 million, were sentenced Friday, Jan. 22.

U.S. District Court Judge Michael R. Barrett sentenced:

* Kenneth O. McGee, 50, to 32 months in prison and fined him $12,500.

* Robert Mitchell, 43, of Vandalia, to 32 months and fined him $12,500.

* Kamal J. Gregory, 36, Centerville, to 10 months and fined him $12,500.

* Edward McGee, 76, the father of Kenneth O. McGee, to three years probation and
fined him $140,000.

Mitchell pleaded guilty in March to conspiracy to commit mail fraud, wire fraud
and money laundering, and conspiracy to commit money laundering. Gregory pleaded
guilty in April to the same charges.

The McGees pleaded guilty in May, with Kenneth McGee pleading to the same
charges as the other two. Edward McGee pleaded guilty to conspiracy to commit
money laundering.

The cases stem from a 13-count indictment in 2008 involving six defendants. They
were part of a conspiracy that operated and controlled various Dayton-based real
estate mortgage and title insurance related businesses and corporations.

They manipulated real estate documents to fraudulently obtain excess mortgage
loan proceeds, said Carter M. Stewart, U.S. attorney for the Southern District
of Ohio.

Two other defendants were sentenced previously. Julian M. Hickman, 32, formerly
of Centerville and now of East Cleveland, was sentenced to 33 months after
pleading guilty in December 2008 to conspiracy and tax crimes.

Jessica A. Zbacnik, 42, of Monroe, was sentenced to 30 months after she pleaded
guilty last July to conspiracy to commit money laundering and conspiracy to
commit mail fraud, wire fraud and money laundering.

- Lou Grieco,

staff writer

Middletown police chief at home after wreck

MIDDLETOWN - Police Chief Greg Schwarber was at home Friday night, Jan. 22,
recovering from injuries suffered in a multiple-vehicle crash Thursday night
involving eight people.

His unmarked Malibu sedan was hit head-on by a minivan driven by Rachel Harp,
26, near University Boulevard and First Avenue, police said.

"He took one hell of a hit," Detective Jerry Mossman said Friday. "The chief is
a lucky man today."

Schwarber was southbound on University about 6:10 p.m. when Harp's van went
across a grassy median, hit a SUV, spun and hit Schwarber's vehicle.

Harp has been charged with failure to control and not assuring a clear distance,
and more charges are expected, Mossman said.

- Lauren Pack,

staff writer

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.

                              842 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                        January 25, 1996, Thursday, ONT

RCMP nab 120 for trafficking, laundering cash

BYLINE: (CP)

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A22

LENGTH: 204 words

DATELINE: VANCOUVER


   VANCOUVER (CP) - Undercover police officers operating a foreign currency
exchange office in downtown Vancouver have arrested 120 people for drug
trafficking and money laundering.

RCMP Inspector Bruce Bowie says about 1,100 charges have been laid and more are
expected from the 42-month operation called Eyespy in British Columbia, Alberta,
Ontario and the northwestern United States.

The heart of the operation was the Pacific Rim International Currency Exchange,
staffed by police officers to observe the laundering of profits from cocaine
sales in Canada and marijuana sales in the United States.

They operated the business for almost three years - breaking even, despite
operating costs of $2 million - until yesterday when they closed and arrested 90
people in Canada and 30 people in the United States.

The charges involve the laundering of about $40 million - 60 per cent in
Canadian dollars from cocaine sales changed into U.S. dollars and 40 per cent in
U.S. dollars from marijuana sales changed into Canadian dollars.

A portion of the $40 million came from tobacco smuggling from Ontario, Quebec
and the United States where tobacco taxes are lower than in British Columbia.

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1996 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.

                              843 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

                    September 6, 1991, Friday, DAILY EDITION

BCCI staff charged over drug cash

BYLINE: Reuter

SECTION: SECTION 1, NEWS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 382 words

DATELINE: Washington, DC


The U.S. Justice Department said yesterday that six officials of Bank of Credit
& Commerce International and a reputed Colombian cocaine cartel leader have been
charged with laundering millions of dollars of drug funds through BCCI's
worldwide banking network.


The charges came as a U.S. congressional report lambasted regulators for their
lax supervision of the bank.

The indictment calls the scandal-plagued bank a ''racketeering enterprise,'' but
did not formally charge BCCI with any wrongdoing. It was announced after one of
the defendants, BCCI's former treasurer, Syed Vaiuddin Ali Akbar, was arrested
by authorities in Calais, France.

Other BCCI officials named in the indictment are Dildard Rizzi, treasurer;
acting president Swaleh Naqvi; and three former BCCI officials in Panama. The
alleged cocaine kingpin was identified as Garardo Moncada.

The indictment claims that the six BCCI officials laundered more than US$14
million in drug proceeds from 1983 to 1989 and engaged in a worldwide conspiracy
involving more than 145 acts.

The international bank has been at the centre of a widening scandal involving
allegations of frauds totaling billions of dollars, the laundering of drug money
and possible payoffs to prominent political figures worldwide.

On July 5 the Bank of England and regulators in seven other nations, including
Canada, seized and shut down BCCI's operations. On July 29 BCCI and its two
longtime top executives were indicted in New York in what was described as the
largest bank fraud in history.

The U.S. Justice Department faced more criticism yesterday in Congress for
failing to aggressively pursue the BCCI scandal. A report by a House of
Representatives crime subcommittee said U.S. law enforcement and banking
agencies ignored warnings about criminal activity by the BCCI for years.

''The government had enough information on BCCI in the mid-1980s to put the bank
on its most-wanted list many years back,'' House crime subcommittee chairman
Charles Schumer said in a staff report.

''At the very least, it was incompetence. Could there be influence peddling?
Yes,'' Schumer told reporters. But he said he had no evidence to prove BCCI used
its influence to block actions against it by federal officials.




LOAD-DATE: November 6, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: NEWS

                       Copyright 1991 Financial Post Ltd.

                              844 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Whittier Daily News (California)

                           February 22, 2014 Saturday

Hollywood sting snared State Sen. Ron Calderon, U.S. attorney says

BYLINE: Dakota Smith

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 553 words


State Sen. Ron Calderon s lucky streak ended in Las Vegas.

For months, the Montebello Democrat quietly had taken bribes from a Hollywood
studio owner, federal officials allege. Calderon also received free tickets to a
Lady Gaga concert and scored a VIP table at a Nelly show, courtesy of the studio
owner, court documents show.

But the high-roller lifestyle came to an end in May when Calderon walked into
the Bellagio Hotel, believing he was meeting his studio friends, new court
documents allege.

Instead, he was confronted by FBI agents.

Court documents filed Friday offer a new timeline of the case against Calderon,
who is charged with accepting nearly $70,000 in bribes from undercover agents
posing as studio executives.

The court documents, filed in a case involving a leaked affidavit, came on the
same day Calderon was charged with 24 counts of fraud, money laundering, bribery
and other charges.

His brother, Tom Calderon, a former assemblyman, was charged with conspiracy to
commit money laundering and money laundering.

In an investigation that stretched from Long Beach to Sacramento, Ron Calderon
is facing 395 years in prison if he is convicted of taking bribes both from the
undercover agent and a hospital executive.

Ron Calderon s attorney, Mark Geragos, didn t return a phone call Friday. He has
previously said his client is innocent.

In the case of the Hollywood bribes, Calderon is charged with taking money from
the studio executive in return for promises to changes the state s film tax
laws.

Speaking to reporters Friday, U.S. Attorney André Birotte Jr. said Calderon
lobbied his colleagues in Sacramento to expand the state s $100 million a year
film tax credit program so smaller productions could apply for the subsidies.

Such a change would be a  financial boon for small, independent studios,
Birotte said.

The undercover agent, who is believed to have gone by the name Rocky Patel,
worked at production company in a nondescript building in downtown Los Angeles.

Earlier court documents state the agent and Calderon frequently met for dinners
and lunches to talk about changing the film tax credit program. The pair also
met at Patel s downtown Los Angeles apartment.

Birotte said Friday the undercover agent agreed to hire Calderon s daughter,
paying her $40,000. In reality, the daughter didn t actually do work for the
studio.

Another $5,000 went to pay for Calderon s son s tuition. And another $25,000
went to a political group controlled by Calderon and his brother Tom, Birotte
said.

Birotte also said Calderon agreed to hire the purported girlfriend of the
undercover agent, giving her a position in Sacramento.

In May 2013, Calderon went to Las Vegas to meet his studio friends.

After the senator entered the Bellagio, he was met by federal agents,  who
explained to Calderon that they worked for the FBI s Public Corruption Squad and
had been investigating him for quite some time,  court documents state.

The FBI agents continued to meet with Calderon over the course of several days.
Calderon told the agents he was willing to wear a wire, and subsequently went on
to record conversations with two, unnamed officials, documents state.

About a month later, the FBI conducted a high-profile raid of the senator s
Sacramento office.

Birotte told reporters Calderon was expected to surrender on Monday.

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2014 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Los Angeles Newspaper Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              845 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 29, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: Miami-Dade County Resident Charged with Money Laundering

LENGTH: 333  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Department of Justice has issued the following news release:



 Wifredo A. Ferrer, United States Attorney for the Southern District of Florida,
and Antonio J. Gomez, Inspector in Charge, U.S. Postal Inspection Service
(USPIS), Miami Division, announced federal money laundering charges against
Miami-Dade County resident Luis Hernandez-Gonzalez.



 Hernandez-Gonzalez, 45, of Miami Lakes, appeared in federal court today before
U.S. Magistrate Judge Patrick A. White and was arraigned on an Indictment
charging:


  18 U.S.C. § 1956(h) - Conspiracy to Commit Money Laundering

  18 U.S.C. §§ 1956(a)(1)(B)(ii) and 1957 - Money Laundering

  31 U.S.C. § 5324(a)(1) - Structuring to Avoid Reporting Requirements


 The Indictment alleges that Mr. Hernandez-Gonzalez avoided and attempted to
avoid currency reporting rjavascript:void('Copy')equirements that apply to
currency deposits exceeding $10,000 at financial institutions and to the
purchase of money orders in amounts in excess of $3,000 at United States post
offices.  The Indictment further alleges that Mr. Hernandez-Gonzalez committed
money laundering by conducting financial transactions in amounts over $10,000
using the proceeds of the manufacture, importation, and distribution of a
controlled substance and by conducting financial transactions designed to avoid
currency reporting requirements with proceeds of the manufacture, importation,
and distribution of a controlled substance.

 An Indictment is merely an accusation and every defendant is presumed innocent
unless and until proven guilty beyond a reasonable doubt.

 Mr. Ferrer commended the investigative efforts of USPIS, the U.S. Drug
Enforcement Administration (DEA), Internal Revenue Service, Criminal
Investigation (IRS-CI), and Miami-Dade Police Department (MDPD).  The case is
being prosecuted by Assistant United States Attorney Elijah Levitt.




 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              846 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                        MAY 19, 1998 Tuesday SF EDITION

MEXICAN BANKS LINKED TO MONEY LAUNDERING / A MAJOR U.S. PROBE RESULTED IN THE
SEIZURE OF DRUGS AND MILLIONS OF DOLLARS IN BANK ACCOUNTS.

BYLINE: Carol Rosenberg, INQUIRER WASHINGTON BUREAU

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. A02

LENGTH: 494 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Undercover U.S. agents invited Mexican bankers to a weekend party at a Nevada
casino and turned the tables on them, arresting 21 people and concluding a
three-year money-laundering probe that seized $157 million in Colombian cocaine
profits, the Clinton administration announced yesterday.

Customs, Treasury and Justice Department officials declared the sting operation,
which resulted in the indictments of three Mexican banks, Bancomer, Banco Serfin
and Confia, the largest and most comprehensive drug money-laundering case in
U.S. history.

The indictment, according to Treasury, alleges that officials from 12 of
Mexico's 19 largest banking institutions were involved in money-laundering
activities.

Investigators said they established a clear money-laundering link between the
Cali and Juarez cocaine cartels and several Mexican banks, which used U.S. soil
and five Federal Reserve-supervised foreign banking organizations to move money
between Mexico and Colombia via the United States.

Called "Operation Casablanca," the crackdown also netted 2 tons of cocaine, 4
tons of marijuana, and $35 million in cash, plus $110 million seized in U.S.
bank accounts and $12 million in overseas bank accounts, said Raymond Kelly,
Treasury's undersecretary for enforcement.

"Today, we have hurt the drug cartels where it hurts the most, in their
pocketbooks," said Treasury Secretary Robert Rubin.

"Today is a very bad day for drug dealers in the hemisphere," added Attorney
General Janet Reno, who stood beaming at Rubin's side.

Added Rubin: "By infiltrating the highest levels of this international drug
trafficking financial infrastructure, Customs was able to crack the elaborate
financial schemes the drug traffickers developed to launder the tremendous
volumes of cash acquired as proceeds from their deadly trade."

In tandem, the Federal Reserve Board announced that it had issued "temporary
cease-and-desist orders" against five banks: Banco Nacional de Mexico (Banamex);
Banca Serfin; Banco Internacional S.A. (Bital); Bancomer S.A.; and Banco
Santander of Spain, all of which were implicated in the money laundering and had
permits to operate branch offices in the United States.

Banamex, Bancomer and Serfin are Mexico's three largest banks. The Reuters news
agency reported yesterday that U.S.-owned Citibank had announced recently that
it would buy Confia.

The order means the banks must implement new anti-money-laundering procedures to
prevent their institutions from being used for illegal transactions.

Treasury officials said they also seized more than 100 U.S. bank accounts,
through which drug money was laundered.

In all, more than 112 people were arrested over the course of the three-year
operation, although only 21 were arrested on Saturday and Sunday in California
and Nevada. None of those arrested was a U.S. citizen, said Kelly, who described
the Mexican bankers as mostly "mid-level people."

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1998 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved

                              847 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                          China Daily European Edition

                             July 28, 2015 Tuesday

Central bank increases effort to combat money laundering

BYLINE: Zheng Yangpeng

SECTION: POLITICS

LENGTH: 479 words


Ministries, Supreme People's Court promise to work together more

China's central bank and other government agencies have vowed to step up efforts
to combat money laundering, following recent high-profile cases.

A statement on the People's Bank of China website on Monday said that an
inter-ministerial meeting led by the bank to discuss combating illegal money
transfers was held in Beijing on Friday.

Guo Qingping, a vice-governor of the bank, delivered a report on China's
anti-money-laundering efforts and outlined further plans.

To improve the effectiveness of such work, delegates attending the meeting from
more than 20 departments, including the Ministry of Public Security and the
Supreme People's Court, agreed to strengthen inter-ministerial coordination.

They also agreed to focus on addressing the "institutional roots" of the problem
and to step up efforts in the nonfinancial sector.

They decided to set up a statistics system to combat money laundering and to
increase surveillance on such crimes being committed through the Internet.

The meeting followed several high-profile cases involving Chinese banks'
overseas branches.

In June, Italian prosecutors accused Bank of China, the country's fourth-largest
State-owned lender, along with 297 individuals - mostly Chinese citizens living
in Italy - of transferring about $5.1 billion earned illegally there to China.

They alleged that nearly half of the money was transferred between 2006 and 2010
through the bank's Milan branch.

Bank of China later said it had ordered all overseas branches to strictly follow
the financial regulations of China and the countries in which it operates, and
that all its business "must be legal".

In another case, the US Federal Reserve told China Construction Bank to
strengthen its anti-money-laundering framework, the first such action by the US
central bank against one of China's four largest State-owned banks.

China Construction Bank has not yet responded publicly.

Last week's inter-ministerial meeting also examined a working plan for China to
submit its evaluation of anti-money-laundering efforts and terrorist financing
at the request of the Financial Action Task Force.

China is a member of this body, an intergovernmental organization that develops
and promotes policies to combat money laundering.

Stanley Lubman, a lecturer at the School of Law at the University of California,
Berkeley, wrote in an article, "As China's international economic relations
continue to expand, China must be willing to cooperate to detect and punish
cross-border crimes that are multiplying."

He also noted that when foreign authorities investigating money laundering cases
seek cooperation from Chinese banks, they often encounter difficulties such as
"inconsistent cooperation, incompatible legal systems and China's secrecy laws".

zhengyangpeng@chinadaily.com.cn

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 China Daily Information Co
                              All Rights Reserved

                              848 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                             July 28, 2015 Tuesday

Central bank increases effort to combat money laundering

BYLINE: Zheng Yangpeng

LENGTH: 478  words


Ministries, Supreme People's Court promise to work together more

China's central bank and other government agencies have vowed to step up efforts
to combat money laundering, following recent high-profile cases.

A statement on the People's Bank of China website on Monday said that an
inter-ministerial meeting led by the bank to discuss combating illegal money
transfers was held in Beijing on Friday.

Guo Qingping, a vice-governor of the bank, delivered a report on China's
anti-money-laundering efforts and outlined further plans.

To improve the effectiveness of such work, delegates attending the meeting from
more than 20 departments, including the Ministry of Public Security and the
Supreme People's Court, agreed to strengthen inter-ministerial coordination.

They also agreed to focus on addressing the "institutional roots" of the problem
and to step up efforts in the nonfinancial sector.

They decided to set up a statistics system to combat money laundering and to
increase surveillance on such crimes being committed through the Internet.

The meeting followed several high-profile cases involving Chinese banks'
overseas branches.

In June, Italian prosecutors accused Bank of China, the country's fourth-largest
State-owned lender, along with 297 individuals - mostly Chinese citizens living
in Italy - of transferring about $5.1 billion earned illegally there to China.

They alleged that nearly half of the money was transferred between 2006 and 2010
through the bank's Milan branch.

Bank of China later said it had ordered all overseas branches to strictly follow
the financial regulations of China and the countries in which it operates, and
that all its business "must be legal".

In another case, the US Federal Reserve told China Construction Bank to
strengthen its anti-money-laundering framework, the first such action by the US
central bank against one of China's four largest State-owned banks.

China Construction Bank has not yet responded publicly.

Last week's inter-ministerial meeting also examined a working plan for China to
submit its evaluation of anti-money-laundering efforts and terrorist financing
at the request of the Financial Action Task Force.

China is a member of this body, an intergovernmental organization that develops
and promotes policies to combat money laundering.

Stanley Lubman, a lecturer at the School of Law at the University of California,
Berkeley, wrote in an article, "As China's international economic relations
continue to expand, China must be willing to cooperate to detect and punish
cross-border crimes that are multiplying."

He also noted that when foreign authorities investigating money laundering cases
seek cooperation from Chinese banks, they often encounter difficulties such as
"inconsistent cooperation, incompatible legal systems and China's secrecy laws".

zhengyangpeng@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 07/28/2015 page3)

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2015 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              849 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                American Banker

                            October 17, 2008 Friday

ABA Panel Calls For 'Gatekeeper' Office on BSA

BYLINE: Joe Adler

SECTION: WASHINGTON; Pg. 3 Vol. 173 No. 201

LENGTH: 703  words


WASHINGTON -An industry task force recommended Thursday the creation of a new
government office to coordinate Bank Secrecy Act requirements and compliance.

The American Bankers Association task force, which includes some of the top
anti-money-laundering bank officials in the country, said such an office should
have more power than the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network.

The group said this"gatekeeper" office's primary responsibilities would include
developing a national BSA policy, overseeing compliance and enforcement, issuing
all BSA-related regulations, and facilitating cooperation with banks, banking
regulators, and law enforcement agencies.

"You have so many regulatory entities that govern this that it's subject to
interpretation, and it's almost governed differently at all levels. We wanted to
get more consistency in the process," said Rick Maltz, the chief risk officer at
Bangor Savings Bank in Maine and a member of the task force, the ABA's committee
on BSA reform.

The committee includes two former directors of the Financial Crimes Enforcement
Network: William Fox, senior vice president and global anti-laundering executive
for Bank of America Corp., and Robert Werner, a managing director at Merrill
Lynch & Co. Inc.

It also includes William Langford, senior vice president and director of global
anti-laundering for JPMorgan Chase & Co. and a former top Fincen official, and
Rick Small, head of anti-laundering for American Express Co. and a former top
AML official at the Federal Reserve Board.

Until the housing crisis, anti-laundering compliance was a hot topic in the
financial services industry since the Sept. 11 attacks. But the industry has
complained that oversight has focused too much on whether banks report every
single suspicious transactions and not enough on weeding out financial crime.
The ABA group also said laundering policy, which is set jointly by the banking
agencies, Fincen, and the Treasury Department, involves too many players with
conflicting agendas.

The recommendation for a new BSA office came as part of a broader report calling
for an overhaul of the anti-laundering system. The group also recommendedgiving
banks more deference to design a BSA program that fits an institution's unique
risks, better validation of the utility of BSA reporting, and avoiding law
enforcement sanctions that end up imposing new compliance standards on the whole
industry.

Wayne Abernathy, the ABA's executive vice president for financial institutions
policy, who was involved in writing the report, said the new oversight body
would shift the emphasis away from reporting and more toward implementing the
most effective BSA policy.

The gatekeeper is viewed as part ombudsman for the industry and part coordinator
of BSA policy.

Mr. Abernathy said the entity could be created either by strengthening Fincen's
authority or by establishing a new office within the Treasury or the Federal
Reserve, leaving Fincen free to operate as a data repository.

"Frankly, the point of the current system is to gather lots of data on
law-abiding people and legal transactions. The point ought to be: Let's focus
our resources on the crimes and the crooks," Mr. Abernathy said. "In order to
that, you have to have an agency that knows that that is their duty. Their duty
is not to make sure that reports are being collected. Their duty and job is to
make sure that financial crime is being fought."

Yet Mr. Abernathy said the group did not want to define the oversight role too
specifically. The report will be distributed to members of Congress and the new
administration.

"We didn't want to put too fine a point on it, because we wanted to leave enough
flexibility for Congress to figure out what to do," he said.

In a statement e-mailed to American Banker, Fincen Director James H. Freis Jr.
defended the current role of the agency, a bureau within the Treasury.

"The report details many points of common ground on which Fincen staff and our
industry partners have already been working," Mr. Freis said. "There are
invaluable synergies that come from Fincen's position within the Treasury
Department at the intersection of the regulators, law enforcement, and all the
sectors of the financial industry."

URL: http://www.americanbanker.com/

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AB


                        Copyright 2008 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              850 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                            April 27, 2006 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

DRUG CASH RESULTS IN STEEP FINE FOR BANK

BYLINE: By JEFF OSTROWSKI Palm Beach Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 906 words


The company that calls itself "Florida's Most Convenient Bank" was a bit too
convenient for the wrong type of customer - professional money launderers
washing Colombian drug money.

Fort Lauderdale-based BankAtlantic Bancorp Inc. on Wednesday said it agreed to
pay $10 million to settle federal criminal charges that it failed to stop money
launderers who used its branch on Miami's Brickell Avenue to disguise millions
in cocaine profits from 1997 through 2004.

"BankAtlantic willfully and knowingly ignored its obligations under the Bank
Secrecy Act and anti-money laundering requirements for years," Assistant
Attorney General Alice S. Fisher said in announcing the settlement.

Even as BankAtlantic did business in South Florida, a notorious haven for money
laundering, it took little action to scrutinize suspicious deposits, the Justice
Department said in a document released Wednesday.

Until 2004, BankAtlantic had "no procedures" to watch for shady wire transfers
and "limited ability" to look for questionable transactions of just under
$10,000, the threshold for deposits to be reported to authorities, federal
regulators said.

In all, more than $50 million in dubious cash flowed through BankAtlantic,
including transactions involving more than $10 million in drug profits, the
Justice Department said.

Still, federal officials say BankAtlantic cooperated fully with investigators
and promptly beefed up its anti-money laundering efforts by hiring 30 people.
The Justice Department agreed not to prosecute the thrift so long as it
continued its newfound vigilance.

The federal investigation included undercover work by U.S. Drug Enforcement
Agency officers who wired cash collected from drug sales in cities throughout
the country to BankAtlantic.

The hefty settlement comes as BankAtlantic has expanded aggressively and
advertised prolifically from Miami to Fort Pierce. The thrift's branches stay
open as late as midnight, and some offices take deposits on Sundays, leading it
to adopt the slogan as the state's most convenient bank.

The company even has the naming rights to the BankAtlantic Center, the Sunrise
arena that's home to hockey's Florida Panthers and host to big-name concerts.

Banking experts call the $10 million fine the largest money laundering penalty
in recent memory for a South Florida bank and a flashback to the early-80s days
of Scarface-style mayhem.

"This was a major slam by the government," said Ken Thomas, a Miami banking
analyst. "This is going to be remembered as one of the most serious penalties
for a South Florida bank. It brought back memories of (Scarface drug dealer)
Tony Montana."

BankAtlantic first disclosed its problems with dirty money last year, and the
company warned investors in January that it had set aside $10 million to settle
the charges.

"As we have disclosed for some time, we identified deficiencies in our Bank
Secrecy Act and anti-money laundering compliance in 2004," BankAtlantic Chief
Executive Alan Levan said in a statement. "Since that time we have worked
tirelessly to ensure we are in full compliance and have made significant
investments in personnel and compliance systems. We are happy to put these
issues behind us."

Shares of BankAtlantic (NYSE: BBX, $15.32) barely budged after the company
disclosed the agreement Wednesday afternoon. As of Dec. 31, the thrift had $6
billion in assets and 74 offices throughout the state, including 24 in Palm
Beach County, four in Martin County and three in St. Lucie County, according to
the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp.

Considering that BankAtlantic turned a $59 million profit in 2005, the $10
million fine hardly threatens the bank's future.

But Charles Intriago, publisher of Money Laundering Alert, a Miami newsletter,
said BankAtlantic's reputation could take a hit. The Sept. 11 terror attacks
shone a light on money laundering and caused Congress in 2001 to pass the USA
Patriot Act, which raised requirements for banks to stop money laundering.

"This bank let itself go," Intriago said. "It did not pay attention. It did not
invest in enough resources, way before the Patriot Act."

He said this enforcement action shows that bankers ignore suspicious deposits at
their peril.

"Money has odors," Intriago said, "and the bank that actively seeks deposits and
doesn't check the odors is doomed to have problems like this."

jeff_ostrowski@pbpost.com

The new way to wash cash

Money laundering conjures images of Tony Montana, the drug kingpin in the 1983
movie Scarface, counting cash in the back room of a Miami bank. But today's cash
washers are more sophisticated.

The money launderers who made deposits at BankAtlantic were part of black-market
peso exchanges, a billion-dollar system that keeps cartel leaders at arm's
length from a new breed of money brokers who profit by cleansing dirty cash.

Here's how it works:

- A Colombian kingpin has $1 million in illicit proceeds stashed in the United
States. He sells the cash to a money broker for $750,000, paying in Colombian
pesos for the money.

- The money broker launders the cash in the U.S. by breaking it up into small
deposits and transferring it through various bank accounts.

- The money broker tells Colombian importers he has foreign funds available to
buy foreign products. Importers place their orders, and the goods are smuggled
into Colombia, where the importer takes possession and avoids high tariffs.

Sources: Money Laundering Alert, Justice Department, FraudAid.com.

LOAD-DATE: April 30, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  Ran all editions. Info box at end of text.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2006 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.

                              851 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                  December 12, 1990, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

Noreiga's money was always on the move

BYLINE: Sam Meddis

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 7A

LENGTH: 606 words


When Manuel Noriega's mentor, Panamanian dictator Omar Torrijos, died
mysteriously in a July 1981 plane crash, Noriega's fortunes changed
dramatically.

A year later, having taken control of the military, Noriega commanded the entire
nation - and had made his first $ 1.3 million investment in a secret, numbered
bank account with the Luxembourg-based Bank of Credit and Commerce
International, in London.

From that time until he surrendered to a U.S. invasion force in January, one of
Noriega's preoccupations was managing his money, shifting millions weekly, if
not daily, from one account to another; writing to his London bankers to make
adjustments to his accounts.

Records of 16 BCCI accounts, obtained by USA TODAY, show that Noriega suddenly
transferred most of the money out of the accounts after his U.S. indictment on
drug charges in February 1988.

Some financial analysts who have reviewed the BCCI records say the accounts
could have been used to mask the movement of hundreds of millions of dollars -
by passing funds quickly through those accounts into others before they could
leave a trace.

''Noriega presided over the premier money laundering center of the world and he
learned from the activities of the domain that he governed,'' says Charles
Intriago, publisher of the newsletter Money Laundering Alert.

Noriega designated members of his Panama Defense Forces to be ''in charge of the
movement of his money,'' says Intriago, a former Miami federal prosecutor.

But Noriega left no doubt who would be in control when he set up the account in
1982.

''It is to be maintained with strict secrecy and ... operated solely by me with
written or verbal instructions given to you personally,'' Noriega wrote to his
personal banker at BCCI, Amjad Awan, who was convicted earlier this year in an
unrelated money-laundering case.

Money laundering was a jewel in Panama's crown of corruption. Ramon Milian
Rodriguez, convicted accountant of Colombia's Medellin cocaine cartel, told
Congress that he struck a money-laundering deal with Noriega as far back as
1979. For his help, Noriega would get a share of laundered money, from 0.5% to
10%, he said. Between 1979 and 1983, he said, the Panama Defense Forces helped
the cartel launder billions of dollars through Panama.

Former Noriega cronies, in congressional testimony, said gun-running was another
financial mainstay. Noriega's arms business, they said, had clients of every
political stripe:

- The Sandinistas, as they overthrew the Nicaraguan government of Anastasio
Somoza, as well as the contra rebels, who fought the Sandinistas.

- The leftist guerrillas of El Salvador got some of the excess weapons for a
price. And there was always a price.

At least $ 11 million of Noriega's fortune came from U.S. intelligence agencies,
says his lawyer, Frank Rubino.

''He dealt directly with the CIA, the NSA (National Security Agency) and various
military intelligence,'' says Rubino.

Rubino says prosecutors are blocking Noriega's access to his funds to hobble his
defense - because of the ''terrifying'' possibility that Noriega's skulduggery
could emerge at trial: ''He is privy to many dirty tricks this country played.''

Tracking Noriega's bank accounts
Here is a compilation of cash accumulated in Noriega's 16 accounts at Bank of
Credit and Commerce International, in London, 1982-February 1988.
1982         $ 1.9 million
1983         $ 2.5 million
1984         $ 9.5 million
1985        $ 14.6 million
1986        $ 16.4 million
1987        $ 19.0 million
1988        $ 19.2 million

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

Ribbon Label; DEPOSED DICTATOR'S FINANCIAL DEALINGS; 4

                      Copyright 1990 Gannett Company Inc.

                              852 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                           August 19, 2015 Wednesday

Former Manager of Telemarketing Room Pleads Guilty to Conspiracy and Money
Laundering

LENGTH: 389  words


ORLANDO, FL-United States Attorney A. Lee Bentley, III announces that Mark
Gardner (28, Osteen) has pleaded guilty to conspiracy to commit mail fraud, wire
fraud, and money laundering for his role in the operation of a boiler room. He
faces a maximum penalty of 20 years in federal prison for the conspiracy count
and up to 10 years' imprisonment for the money laundering count. Sentencing has
been set for October 30, 2015.


Gardner and Tammie Lynn Cline (33, Leominster, MA) were indicted on January 28,
2015.
According to court documents, Gardner and Cline operated a boiler room in
Central Florida. Along with the telemarketers who worked at their call center,
they made unsolicited calls to owners of timeshare properties located throughout
the United States. During those calls, they claimed that they worked for
Universal Timeshare Sales Associates (UTSA) in Beaverton, Oregon, that UTSA had
a purchaser who was interested in buying a timeshare, and that the timeshare
owner just needed to pay a fee between $1,600 and $2,200 for the sale to
proceed.
In order to convince timeshare owners to pay the fee, Gardner, Cline and their
telemarketers sometimes claimed that an interested purchaser was present in the
showroom ready to buy a timeshare, that a buyer had already deposited money into
an escrow account for the sale, or that the sale would take place in about 90
days. Those representations were false. The timeshares were not sold as had been
promised, and members of the conspiracy would deny or ignore requests for
refunds, and would dispute chargebacks with the credit card companies.
In total, victims lost approximately $1.6 million due to the operation of the
call center.
In May 2013, the Federal Trade Commission and the Florida Attorney General's
Office filed a civil action against Gardner, Cline, and others in federal court.
In June 2014, the district court entered a permanent injunction against them
related to certain telemarketing practices.
Tammie Lynn Cline previously pleaded guilty to conspiracy to commit mail fraud
and wire fraud, and faces up to 20 years in federal prison. Her sentencing
hearing has been set for October 9, 2015.
This case was investigated by the Federal Bureau of Investigation. It is being
prosecuted by Assistant United States Attorney Roger B. Handberg. 2015 Legal
Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: August 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              853 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 27, 2014 Thursday

Washington: International Drug Dealer Sentenced to 15 Years

LENGTH: 1078  words

DATELINE: Washington


The Drug Enforcement Administration, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

United States Attorney Thomas G. Walker announced that in federal court, Chief
United States District Judge James C. Dever III sentenced Andrew Wayne Landells,
47, of Jamaica, to 180 months imprisonment, followed by three years of
supervised release.

Landells was named in a three count, Criminal Indictment filed on May 15, 2013
charging him with one count of Conspiracy to Launder Monetary Instruments and
two counts of Money Laundering and Aiding and Abetting. On September 30, 2013,
Landells pleaded guilty to Count 1, Conspiracy to Launder Monetary Instruments
in violation of Title 18, United States Code, Section 1956(h).

According to the investigation, Andrew Wayne Landells directed the activities of
his estranged wife, and at least seven coconspirators to assist him in the
trafficking of marijuana and laundering of drug proceeds from 2002 until April
2012. The investigation revealed that from 2002 to 2012, the defendant was
involved in the trafficking of marijuana from Mexico throughout, New York,
Florida, Virginia, Arizona, and North Carolina. The defendant then used the drug
proceeds to purchase luxury vehicles and residences, and to rent residences in
others' names. Landells used numerous residences across the country to store the
drugs. Additionally, he maintained storage units and United Parcel Service mail
boxes in Raleigh, North Carolina; West Palm Beach, Florida; Cary, North
Carolina; and Wellington, Florida, for purposes of storing illegal substances
and furthering his illegal activities.

In order to disguise the source of the proceeds from his illegal activities,
Landells also operated sham companies purporting to be in the candle
manufacturing business. He established the following business fronts to
facilitate the laundering of drug proceeds: Olufina Candle in Durham; LuGhan in
Durham; Heru in Durham; and Botanica Olomi in Raleigh. To date, there is no
evidence of any actual revenue from candle manufacturing. Landells used numerous
aliases, dates of birth, Social Security numbers, driver's licenses, and
passports to avoid detection by law enforcement as he was wanted by authorities
in multiple states, having escaped from a hospital in New York following an
arrest for passport fraud when he was intercepted on a flight from England to
the United States using a fraudulent passport in 1999. Landells had also been
federally indicted in the Eastern District of Virginia on drug charges in 1989;
however those charges were eventually dismissed due to the inability to locate
Landells. Furthermore, he has pending charges in New York for felonious counts
of Criminal Possession of a Weapon, Possession of a Loaded Firearm, and Reckless
Endangerment. Agents recovered multiple alias identifications for Landells in
two storage units in Raleigh. Co-conspirators in the scheme further reported
that Landells obtained, used, and also provided them with false driver's
licenses, birth certificates, and Social Security numbers to facilitate the
offense.

At sentencing, Landells was held accountable for the distribution of up to 1,000
kilograms of marijuana. He was held accountable for laundering money from drug
proceeds through the straw purchase of at least seven pieces of real property,
13 motor vehicles, and four businesses, all with a combined value of over $1
million. Additionally, Landells possessed firearms during his drug-trafficking
activities, maintained premises to store marijuana for the purpose of
distribution and the Court found that he maintained an aggravating role in the
offense by directing the activities of more than five participants to assist him
in the trafficking of marijuana and laundering of drug proceeds from 2002 to
April 2012.

As a result of this case, the Government has seized and forfeited a 2005 BMW
motorcycle, 2004 BMW 645 automobile, 2006 Bentley Flying Spur, 2011 Mercedes
Benz C300W, 2006 Rolls Royce Phantom, a home located at 12716 Richmond Run Drive
in Raleigh, NC, custom candle-making equipment, a Yamaha Clavinova piano and
over $51,700 in United States currency, which has allowed the United States to
recover approximately $1,298,004.64 to date. As part of the sentence, the Court
entered a money judgment against Landells in the amount of $1 million and
forfeited his interest in several properties located in New Jersey and Florida.

Investigation of this case was conducted by the Drug Enforcement Administration
and Internal Revenue Service Criminal Investigation as part of the High
Intensity Drug Trafficking Area (HIDTA) initiative. The United States Marshals
Service assisted with the forfeiture of assets.

DEA ASAC, William F. Baxley commented on the sentencing, "Drug traffickers
utilize a multitude of sophisticated methods in which to hide their assets. One
of DEA's highest priorities is to relentlessly pursue and destroy these drug
trafficking and money laundering organizations. This global drug trafficking and
money laundering investigation was a success because of the local, regional,
national, and foreign law enforcement partnerships and our commitment to bring
this organization to justice in the United States."

"Today's sentencing illustrates that while the road to justice may sometimes be
long, it is certain", said Thomas J. Holloman, III, Special Agent in Charge, IRS
Criminal Investigation. "Landells operated as a high-level drug trafficker for
many years, reaping the profits of his illegal activity, and now the time for
him to pay for his crimes has arrived. The tireless efforts of the case agents
and our law enforcement partners in bringing Landells to justice, and recovering
the assets he obtained through his criminal activity are to be commended."

Special Assistant United States Attorney Augustus Willis represented the
government. Mr. Willis is a prosecutor with the District 3-B District Attorney's
Office encompassing Carteret, Craven and Pamlico Counties. District Attorney
Scott Thomas has assigned him to the United States Attorney's Office to
prosecute federal Organized Crime Drug Enforcement Task Force criminal matters.
Mr. Wills' position is funded through a grant provided by the Governor's Crime
Commission. Assistant United States Attorneys Joshua Royster and Steve West
assisted with the forfeiture proceedings.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              854 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 26, 2013 Friday

Tennessee: Irs Employee Charged With Laundering Drug Proceeds

LENGTH: 262  words

DATELINE: Nashville


United States Attorney's Office for the Middle District of Tennessee has issued
the following press release:

Maggie Cooper, 62, of Memphis, TN, a 27-year veteran Internal Revenue Service
(IRS) Tax Analyst, was indicted today in a 38-count indictment charging her with
money laundering and money laundering conspiracy, announced Edward L. Stanton
III, U.S. Attorney for the Western District of Tennessee, and Christopher A.
Henry, Special Agent in Charge of IRS-Criminal Investigation.

The indictment alleges that beginning in or about 2011 and continuing through
September 2012, Cooper conspired with others to conduct financial transactions
with proceeds obtained from marijuana trafficking. Specifically, Cooper would
make purchases in her name with money derived from her co-conspirators' unlawful
activity, with the understanding that the purchased items would be paid for and
owned by the co-conspirator, including the purchase of a 2007 Jaguar XKR.

The indictment further alleges that Cooper allowed bank accounts to be opened in
her name for her co-conspirator to facilitate marijuana purchases and sales. If
convicted, she faces a term of up to 20 years in prison. She also faces fines of
up to $500,000 and criminal forfeiture as alleged in the indictment.

This investigation was conducted by IRS-Criminal Investigation, U.S. Treasury
Inspector General for Tax Administration (TIGTA), and the Memphis Police
Department Organized Crime Unit. Assistant U.S. Attorney Deb Ireland represents
the government.

For more information please visit: http://www.justice.gov/usao/tnm

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              855 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                            November 6, 2012 Tuesday
                                  Main Edition

MASSIVE DONATION TIED TO KOCHS California agency calls it laundering

BYLINE: McClatchy-Tribune<br>

SECTION: A; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 367 words

DATELINE: SACRAMENTO, Calif.


Ending a mystery that captivated the run-up to Election Day, the Arizona group
behind an anonymous $11 million donation revealed under court order Monday that
the shadowy donation was laundered through two groups, including one tied to
David and Charles Koch, the billionaire brothers who have played a huge role in
spreading anonymous political cash around the country.

The donation, the largest anonymous contribution to a ballot measure campaign in
California history, was made to the Small Business Action Committee, a
conservative group running a campaign for Proposition 32, the measure that would
curb labor's ability to collect political cash, and against Proposition 30, Gov.
Jerry Brown's tax-hike initiative.

"This isn't going to stop here," said Ann Ravel, chairwoman of the Fair
Political Practices Commission, the state's political watchdog. "They admitted
to money laundering. We agreed to do this without an audit because we wanted to
get information to the public before the election. But we in no way agreed this
would preclude further action."

Ravel said Phoenix-based Americans for Responsible Leadership conceded it was
the intermediary and not the true source of the contribution. The true source
was Americans for Job Security and was made through a second intermediary, the
Center to Protect Patient Rights, she said.

Since the late 1990s, Americans for Job Security has been described by the
nonpartisan Center for Responsive Politics as "pro-Republican," "pro-business"
and "established to directly counter labor's influence."

The Center to Protect Patient Rights is run by Sean Noble, an operative of the
Koch brothers. Noble admitted to the FPPC that the Center to Protect Patient
Rights received $11 million from Americans for Job Security.

The admission of money laundering is a misdemeanor, but a conspiracy to commit
money laundering is a felony.

The revelation came after a 7-0 decision by the state Supreme Court on Sunday
ordering attorneys for Americans For Responsible Leadership to immediately hand
over documents related to the $11 million donation to the California business
PAC.

After turning to the U.S. Supreme Court seeking another delay, attorneys backed
down.

LOAD-DATE: November 9, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2012 Spokane Spokesman-Review

                              856 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                           December 31, 2016 Saturday

Drug-trafficking and money-laundering conspiracies lead Four Fulton man to jail

LENGTH: 308  words


In charge of drug-trafficking and money-laundering conspiracies, Four Fulton had
been accused on Tuesday.

The four Fulton men are 26 years Shawn Michael Browning, 30 years Timothy
Christopher Sandfort and 32 years Brandon Derek Rader all of Fulton.

30 years Joshua Adam Sheets of Fulton, pleaded guilty on Tuesday, Dec. 20, 2016.

Browning, Sandfort, Sheets and Rader each pled guilty to participating in a mail
fraud conspiracy from Dec. 18, 2012, to July 16, 2015, and to participating in a
money-laundering conspiracy during that same time.

Browning, Sandfort, Sheets, and Rader are among seven co-defendants who have
pled guilty in this case. Dara Leanne Shirley, 30, of Fulton, pled guilty to
participating in the money-laundering conspiracy. Casey Dewayne Miller, 32, of
Columbia, and Billie L. Bruce, 36, of Jefferson City, each pled guilty to
distributing synthetic cannabinoids.

According to court documents, the drug-trafficking conspiracy generated
$6,656,843.

Sandfort, Rader, Shirley, Miller and others operated First Stop Last Stop Pawn &
Aromatherapy, Inscentives Resale and Inscentives Auto. First Stop Last Stop Pawn
& Aromatherapy was known as a pawn shop and potpourri store. Inscentives Resale
was known to be a buy, sell, and trade business. Inscentives Auto held a
Missouri motor vehicle dealers license. Browning, Sheets, Bruce and others
operated Esscentials Resale and S&J Tobacco.

FedEx and UPS had done almost 251 shipments of synthetic cannabinoids and the
labels of the packages misidentified the contents as incense, aroma therapy or
potpourri that were not for human consumption.

However there was a problem raised as conspirators mislabelled packages of
synthetic cannabinoids for the purpose of keep away from government regulation
over these drugs, and to protect the continued sale of these drugs. 2016 Legal
Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: January 2, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              857 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          November 30, 2016 Wednesday

Miami-Dade County Resident Charged with Money Laundering

LENGTH: 339  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office for the United States Attorneys, Southern District of
Florida has issued the following news release:



  United States Attorney for the Southern District of Florida, and Antonio J.
Gomez, Inspector in Charge, U.S. Postal Inspection Service (USPIS), Miami
Division, announced federal money laundering charges against Miami-Dade County
resident Luis Hernandez-Gonzalez.





 Hernandez-Gonzalez, 45, of Miami Lakes, appeared in federal court today before
U.S. Magistrate Judge Patrick A. White and was arraigned on an Indictment
charging:



     18 U.S.C. § 1956(h) - Conspiracy to Commit Money Laundering

     18 U.S.C. §§ 1956(a)(1)(B)(ii) and 1957 - Money Laundering

     31 U.S.C. § 5324(a)(1) - Structuring to Avoid Reporting Requirements



 The Indictment alleges that Mr. Hernandez-Gonzalez avoided and attempted to
avoid currency reporting rjavascript:void('Copy')equirements that apply to
currency deposits exceeding $10,000 at financial institutions and to the
purchase of money orders in amounts in excess of $3,000 at United States post
offices.  The Indictment further alleges that Mr. Hernandez-Gonzalez committed
money laundering by conducting financial transactions in amounts over $10,000
using the proceeds of the manufacture, importation, and distribution of a
controlled substance and by conducting financial transactions designed to avoid
currency reporting requirements with proceeds of the manufacture, importation,
and distribution of a controlled substance.



 An Indictment is merely an accusation and every defendant is presumed innocent
unless and until proven guilty beyond a reasonable doubt.



 Mr. Ferrer commended the investigative efforts of USPIS, the U.S. Drug
Enforcement Administration (DEA), Internal Revenue Service, Criminal
Investigation (IRS-CI), and Miami-Dade Police Department (MDPD).  The case is
being prosecuted by Assistant United States Attorney Elijah Levitt.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              858 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 2, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: Former Mohegan Sun Employee Charged With Money Laundering Conspiracy

LENGTH: 525  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Department of Justice has issued the following news release:



 The United States Attorney's Office for the Middle District of Pennsylvania
announced today that a former employee of the Mohegan Sun Casino at Pocono Downs
has been charged with engaging in a money laundering conspiracy.



 According to United States Attorney Peter Smith, Rochelle Poszeluznyj, age 38,
of Kingston, is charged in a Criminal Information filed today in United States
District Court in Scranton with Conspiracy to Commit Money Laundering.  The
Criminal Information charges Poszeluznyj with conspiring with Robert Pellegrini
and Mark Heltzel, to defraud the Mohegan Sun Casino by engaging in a money
laundering scheme involving the use of stolen names and PINs (personal
identification numbers) that were tied to players' loyalty club cards.

 It is alleged that while employed as a cocktail waitress at the casino,
Poszeluznyj had access to the names and PINs of casino players as she served
them beverages.  Poszeluznyj stole the names and PINs of those players and
provided them to Pellegrini, who then used the stolen information to create
duplicate player club cards.  Pellegrini then loaded the duplicate cards with
"free play" credits and provided them to Heltzel to gamble with, primarily at
poker slot machines.  The scheme began in May 2014 and continued to April 2015,
netting the defendants winnings in the approximate amount of $422,147.

 The Criminal Information was filed pursuant to a plea agreement with
Poszeluznyj.  The agreement is subject to approval by the court.  No date has
been scheduled as yet for the entry of Poszeluznyj's guilty plea.

 Pellegrini and Heltzel were indicted by a grand jury in Scranton on April 19,
2016 and charged with conspiracy to commit money laundering, access device fraud
and aggravated identity theft.  Those charges remain pending.

 The charges stem from an investigation by the Internal Revenue Service
Investigations and the Pennsylvania State Police.  Prosecution is assigned to
Assistant United States Attorney Michelle Olshefski.

 Indictments and Criminal Informations are only allegations. All persons charged
are presumed to be innocent unless and until found guilty in court.

 A sentence following a finding of guilty is imposed by the Judge after
consideration of the applicable federal sentencing statutes and the Federal
Sentencing Guidelines.  The maximum sentence for Conspiracy to Commit Money
Laundering is up to 20 years imprisonment and a $500,000 fine.  Under the
Federal Sentencing Guidelines, the Judge is also required to consider and weigh
a number of factors, including the nature, circumstances and seriousness of the
offense; the history and characteristics of the defendant; and the need to
punish the defendant, protect the public and provide for the defendant's
educational, vocational and medical needs. For these reasons, the statutory
maximum penalty for the offense is not an accurate indicator of the potential
sentence for a specific defendant.




 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              859 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 26, 2015 Thursday

Arizona: Former Commissioner of Mississippi Department of Corrections and Local
Businessman Plead Guilty in Federal Court

LENGTH: 271  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Justice has issued the following news release:

JACKSON, MS--Christopher B. Epps, former Commissioner for the Mississippi
Department of Corrections, and Cecil McCrory, a former Mississippi legislator,
former Justice Court Judge, former Chairman of the Rankin County School Board,
and a local businessman, entered guilty pleas today before U.S. District Judge
Henry Wingate, announced Acting U.S. Attorney Harold Brittain, FBI Special Agent
in Charge Donald Alway, IRS-Criminal Investigation Acting Special Agent in
Charge Jerome R. McDuffie, U.S. Postal Inspector in Charge Robert Wemyss, and
Mississippi State Auditor Stacey Pickering.

Christopher Epps pled guilty to one count of money laundering conspiracy and one
count of filing a false tax return. Cecil McCrory pled guilty to one count of
money laundering conspiracy.

Epps will be sentenced on June 9, 2015 at 9:30 a.m. and McCrory will be
sentenced on June 10, 2015 at 9:30 a.m. The maximum penalty for money laundering
conspiracy is 20 years in prison and a $500,000 fine or twice the value of the
property involved in the transaction. The maximum penalty for filing a false tax
return is three years in prison and a $250,000 fine.

This case was investigated by the FBI, IRS-Criminal Investigation, U.S. Postal
Inspection Service, Mississippi State Auditor's Office, and the Leake County
Sheriff's Office.

Assistant U.S. Attorneys Mike Hurst, Darren LaMarca, and Scott Gilbert, as well
as financial analyst Kim Mitchell, are prosecuting the case.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              860 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 16, 2014 Tuesday

Former Newark Watershed Conservation And Development Official Indicted In
Kickback Scheme, Money Laundering

LENGTH: 755  words

DATELINE: Trenton


United States Attorney's Office for the District of New Jersey has issued the
following press release:

A former high ranking employee of the Newark Watershed Conservation and
Development Corp. (NWCDC) and a contractor from whom he allegedly received
kickbacks were indicted by a federal grand jury today in connection with a
scheme to solicit and accept payments for work by outside contractors, U.S.
Attorney Paul J. Fishman announced.

Donald Bernard Sr., 67, of Newark, is charged in the indictment with six counts
of defrauding the corporation of his honest services, four counts of violating
the Travel Act, three counts of extortion under color of official right
affecting interstate commerce, two counts of wire fraud and three counts of
money laundering.

Giacomo (Jack) DeRosa, 58, of Clinton Township, New Jersey, was indicted
separately on two counts of wire fraud, one count of violating the Travel Act
and three counts of money laundering.

According to the documents filed in this case and statements made in court:

During the time that Bernard was a consultant to NWCDC (2008 through 2009), as
well as when he worked there as manager of Special Projects (January 2010
through March 2013), he devised scheme to accept a stream of concealed and
undisclosed bribes and kickbacks from contractors.  Bernard agreed to accept,
and did accept, at least $730,000 in kickbacks directly and indirectly from
various contractors, including DeRosa. Bernard assisted the contractors in
financing the payments to him by causing certain contractors to submit
fraudulent and inflated invoices to the NWCDC, which contained materially false
representations and half-truths, in many instances billing the NWCDC for work
that was never performed.

For example, from August 2008 to January 2011, Bernard accepted approximately
$136,000 in kickbacks from a Newark company (Company 1) that performed printing
work for the NWCDC. At times, due to the physical ailments suffered by the
proprietor of the company, Bernard obtained blank checks from the company signed
by the proprietor, which Bernard filled out payable to himself or his consulting
company, Bernard & Associates (B&A), with the proprietor's consent.
The maximum potential penalties per count are detailed in the chart below:

Counts of Indictment


Defendant


Charge


Maximum Penalty per Count

Counts 1 to 6


Bernard


18 U.S.C. §§ 1343 and 1346
(Wire Fraud)


20 years

Counts 1 and 2


DeRosa

Counts 7 to 11


Bernard


18 U.S.C. § 1952(a)(3) (the Travel Act)


5 years

Count 3


DeRosa

Counts 12 to 15


Bernard


18 U.S.C. § 1951(a) (extortion under color of official right affecting
interstate commerce)


20 years

Counts 16 and 17


Bernard


18 U.S.C. § 1343
(Wire Fraud)


20 years

Counts 18 to 20


Bernard


18 U.S.C. § 1956(a)(1)(B)(i) (Money Laundering)


20 years

Counts 4 to 6


DeRosa


The maximum fines for all of the above violations except the money laundering
charges are $250,000 or twice the gain or loss resulting from the offense. The
maximum fines for the money laundering charges are:  $500,000, or twice the
value of the property involved in the money laundering transactions, or twice
the gain or loss resulting from the offense, whichever is greatest.

The Bernard indictment also seeks forfeiture of $1.4 million to $1.8 million in
connection with the fraudulent schemes and forfeiture of $20,000 in connection
with the money laundering charges. The DeRosa indictment seeks forfeiture of
between $200,000 and $360,000 in connection with the fraudulent scheme and
forfeiture of at least $20,000 in connection with the money laundering charges.

U.S. Attorney Fishman credited special agents of the FBI's Newark Field Office,
under the direction of Special Agent in Charge Aaron T. Ford; IRS - Criminal
Investigation, Newark Field Office, under the direction of Acting Special Agent
in Charge Jonathan D. Larsen; and the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban
Development Office of Inspector General, Newark office, under the direction of
Special Agent in Charge Christina Scaringi, as well as criminal investigators of
the U.S. Attorney's Office, for the investigation leading to the charges.

The government is represented by Assistant U.S. Attorneys Jacques S. Pierre and
Mala Ahuja Harker of the U.S. Attorney's Office Special Prosecutions Division.

The charges and allegations contained in the indictments are merely accusations
and the defendants are considered innocent unless and until proven guilty.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              861 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            June 25, 2008 Wednesday
                                Suburban Edition

2 Plead Guilty to Army Bribery Scheme

BYLINE: Dana Hedgpeth; Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FOREIGN; Pg. A09

LENGTH: 393 words


An Army contracting officer has pleaded guilty to involvement in a $9 million
procurement scandal in which his wife was accused of carrying shopping bags full
of cash to banks in the Middle East. Investigators say it is the largest bribery
case out of the war in Iraq.

Maj. John Cockerham, 43, of San Antonio, pleaded guilty to bribery, conspiracy
and money laundering. Cockerham's wife, Melissa Cockerham, 41, also pleaded
guilty to money laundering. His sister Carolyn Blake, 45, of Sunnyvale, Tex.,
who was also allegedly involved in the scheme, is scheduled for trial in October
on charges of money-laundering and conspiracy.

The Cockerham case reads in part like a spy novel, with $300,000 in cash
delivered in a Kuwait parking lot. Handwritten ledgers, using such code names as
"Mr. & Mrs. Pastry," recorded who had paid money. The case kicked off a
widespread investigation into how the Pentagon procures goods and services in
the Iraq war. An Army oversight commission found there were poor checks and
balances in place and a need to hire more skilled contracting officers.

John Cockerham told prosecutors that starting in 2004, he was involved in a
complex bribery and money-laundering scheme while being deployed to Kuwait. In
exchange for awarding illegal contracts for such supplies as bottled water, he
received more than $9 million in bribes. Investigators have said he expected to
get $5.4 million more.

Once he agreed to take the money, Cockerham told the contractors to pay his
wife, his sister and others. His wife admitted that she accepted more than $1
million in bribe payments on her husband's behalf. She allegedly carried the
cash in shopping bags and deposited the money in safe-deposit boxes at banks in
Dubai and Kuwait.

The couple lived modestly in a house on an Army base in San Antonio and were
described as being involved with their three children and their church.

John Cockerham faces up to 40 years in prison; his wife could face as much as 20
years, plus fines.

Cockerham and his wife made the plea agreements in January, but the deals were
kept under seal until yesterday because the couple is cooperating with
investigators, who are continuing to investigate others who might be involved in
the scheme.

The Army has said it is pursuing more than 90 criminal probes involving contract
fraud and abuse in Iraq, Afghanistan and Kuwait.

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved

                              862 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                             National Underwriter,
             Property & Casualty/Risk & Benefits Management Edition

                                 April 29, 2002

Industry Gets Reprieve On Money Laundering Rules

BYLINE: By Steven Brostoff

SECTION: LATE BREAKING NEWS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 266 words

DATELINE: Washington


Insurance agents and companies are praising the U.S. Treasury Department for its
decision to take up to six months for additional study of how to apply new
anti-money laundering standards to the insurance industry.

"We are very pleased that Treasury is looking at a much tighter,
industry-specific approach," said Julie Gackenbach, director of federal
relations for the Des Plaines, Ill. -based National Association of Independent
Insurers.

Moreover, although the Treasury Department's release does not specifically
mention insurance agents, agents also have a six-month exemption.

Robert Rusbuldt, chief executive officer of the Alexandria, Va.-based
Independent Insurance Agents and Brokers of America, said his group has talked
to Treasury officials and had its outside counsel review the department's
statement.  Agents, he said, are not included among those who must immediately
comply with the anti-money laundering rules.

Ms. Gackenbach noted that insurers were concerned about a "one-size-fits-all"
approach to money laundering rules.  Different financial institutions, she said,
face different risks of being used for money laundering.  She said NAII will
continue to work with Treasury.

The issue involves the USA Patriot Act, passed last year in the aftermath of the
Sept. 11 terrorist attack.  The legislation directed Treasury to develop
regulations on anti-money laundering that would apply to all financial
institutions.

Treasury said that it has formed a working group devoted to the insurance
industry that will be responsible for drafting regulations tailored to it.

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                Copyright 2002 The National Underwriter Company

                              863 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               January 17, 1990, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

2 Foreign Bank Units Plead Guilty to Money Laundering

BYLINE: By JEFF GERTH, Special to The New York Times

SECTION: Section A; Page 12, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 834 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Jan. 16


In the first Federal case of money laundering against a large international
bank, two principal units of the Luxembourg-based Bank of Credit and Commerce
International agreed today to plead guilty to reduced charges and to forfeit $14
million.

The plea agreement, in Federal District Court in Tampa, Fla., appears to reduce
the likelihood that evidence about Gen. Manuel Antonio Noriega, who had accounts
at the bank, will emerge at the trial of several bank officials also charged in
the case. Their trial is scheduled to begin this week.

Although the ousted Panamanian leader was not mentioned in the indictment, he
controlled $23 million in personal and Panamanian Government accounts at various
branches of the bank. Pretrial documents filed in the case had suggested that
General Noriega's finances would be an issue in the case. But the bank
subsidiary and the bank official charged in the indictment with helping a
Noriega associate make deposits of drug money in 1983 are not scheduled to go to
trial. The subsidiary settled its charges and the United States has not been
able to serve the bank official with papers to require his appearance in court.

The plea agreement, by requiring the bank to cooperate with the Government,
could provide Federal prosecutors with additional information in their drug
cases against the deposed Panamanian leader. Bank to Continue in U.S.  The two
subsidiaries of the $20 billion bank, Bank of Credit and Commerce International
S.A., in Luxembourg, and Bank of Credit and Commerce International (Overseas)
Ltd, in the Cayman Islands, were also placed on probation for five years.

As part of the plea agreement, the American branches of the bank, which are
owned by the two subsidiaries, will come under tighter supervision by the Board
of Governors of the Federal Reserve System under a previously confidential
consent order of May 1989 between the bank and the Federal Reserve. Those
branches are in New York, Los Angeles, San Francisco, Miami, Tampa and Boca
Raton, Fla.

The bank also agreed in that order to monitor cash deposits and loan
transactions more closely and to make regular reports to the Federal Reserve,
which regulates foreign banks doing business in the United States.

The Luxembourg unit pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy and two counts of
money laundering. The Caymans unit plead guilty to one conspiracy count and 28
counts of money laundering. Other money laundering and conspiracy counts against
the banks were dropped. The Government also agreed to drop charges against the
bank's holding company and a subsidiary in Colombia.

The bank could have been fined up to $40 million if convicted on all counts. The
bank also avoided potentially more costly sanctions. Federal bank regulators can
revoke the license of banks they find unfit to do business.

Objections Raised to Agreement

Several bank officials still face trial on charges of disguising the source of
illegal money. The Government has been unable to bring some bank officials to
trial in the United States, including one named in the indictment has having
helped the Noriega associate, Steven M. Kalish, in handling drug proceeds in
Panama in 1983.

Lawyers for the bank officials objected today to the plea agreement and said
they needed more time to study its possible effects on their clients, the
Reuters news agency reported from Tampa. The indicted officials are on
administrative leave from the bank, the bank's lawyers said.

Lawyers for the Government and the bank declined to discuss the case, citing an
order from the judge prohibiting comment on the agreement, which The Associated
Press reported was accepted today by Judge W. Terrell Hodges.

In an interview tonight Senator John Kerry, Democrat of Massachusetts, who
investigated the bank and its ties to General Noriega, criticized the plea
agreement.

''I find the $14 million penalty to be an extraordinarily light sentence,'' Mr.
Kerry said, adding that at a mimimum ''a branch of the bank should have been
shut down.''

Mr. Kerry said that he was unaware of how much information the Government would
get as the result of the settlement but that it had not devoted enough resources
to the bank case in the first place.

The bank, which operates in 73 countries, is owned by Middle Eastern interests;
its shareholders have included Sheik Bin Sultan Al-Nahayan, the ruler of Abu
Dhabi, public records show.

The bank has long been considered one of the best big banks for those seeking
confidentiality. It used to advertise the ''unique advantage'' of ''total
confidentiality of investors' accounts by the laws of Luxembourg,'' where there
are strict bank secrecy laws and less resources to supervise banks than in other
European countries.

The bank subsidiaries were orginally indicted in October 1988 in Tampa as a
result of an undercover operation in 1987 and 1988 by the United States Customs
Service. That indictment charged the banks with laundering $14 million in drug
proceeds.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1990 The New York Times Company

                              864 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 22, 2016 Thursday

Manhattan U.S. Attorney Announces Charges Against Two Florida Men For Operating
Business That Illegally Transferred More Than $100 Million Into And Through The
United States

LENGTH: 1001  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office for the United States Attorneys,Southern District of New
York has issued the following news release:



   Preet Bharara, the United States Attorney for the Southern District of New
York, and Angel M. Melendez, Special Agent In Charge of the New York Field
Office of the Department of Homeland Security, Homeland Security Investigations
("HSI") announced today the unsealing of a complaint charging LUIS DIAZ JR. and
LUIS JAVIER DIAZ with operating an unlicensed money transmission business and
international money laundering in connection with their transfer of over $100
million from foreign businesses into and through the United States financial
system.  In addition to netting the defendants millions of dollars in profits,
this illegal scheme allowed foreign businesses to send money into and around the
United States while avoiding anti-money laundering safeguards and obligations
imposed upon legal money service businesses.  LUIS DIAZ JR. and LUIS JAVIER DIAZ
were arrested this morning in Miami, Florida, and will be presented before
Magistrate Judge Jonathan Goodman this afternoon in the United States District
Court for the Southern District of Florida.





 Manhattan U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara said: "Luis Diaz Jr. and Luis Javier Diaz
allegedly operated a shadow bank outside the normal financial system to move
more than $100 million into and through the United States.  The use of
unlicensed money transmission businesses, ones that do not maintain the
anti-money laundering safeguards required of licensed institutions, provides a
dangerous and unregulated channel for money laundering and other financial
crime.  Prosecutions like this one seek to close that underground network that
helps move criminal money around the world."



 HSI Special Agent in Charge Angel M. Melendez said:  "This criminal team gives
new meaning to 'family business' with their alleged role in laundering more than
$100 million through U.S. borders.  Their scheme allowed off-shore businesses to
move cash into and around the U.S. while sidestepping regulations placed on
legitimate businesses.  Moving money for corporations with zero regard for
safeguards hurts our financial infrastructure and threatens our national
security.  As part of these joint investigations, HSI continues to search out
those leaching profits at the risk of the American economy."



 According to the allegations contained in the Complaint unsealed today in
Manhattan federal court[1]:



 THE ILLEGAL MONEY TRANSMITTING SCHEME



 Between 2010 and 2016, LUIS DIAZ JR. and LUIS JAVIER DIAZ used a company they
owned in Doral, Florida, (the "Company") to effect the transmission of at least
$100 million from entities outside the United States, mostly located in
Venezuela, to bank accounts in the United States and elsewhere, in exchange for
a fee.  During this time, the Company was not registered with the state of
Florida or the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network (FinCEN), a component of the
United States Department of the Treasury, as required by both state and federal
laws applicable to money transmitting businesses like the Company.



 Unlicensed money transmitting businesses like the Company enables entities and
individuals to move money into and through the U.S. financial system while
avoiding licensed U.S. financial institutions that monitor for suspicious
activity and report it to U.S. authorities, including through suspicious
activity reports, or SARs.  Instead, by going through unlicensed entities like
the Company, foreign businesses ensure that suspicious patterns of transmissions
will not be detected and reported as potential money laundering activity or
other financial crime.



 THE DEFENDANTS ILLEGALY TRANSMITTED MONEY



 ON BEHALF OF NUMEROUS FOREIGN ENTITIES



 Through their unlicensed money transmitting business, LUIS DIAZ JR. and LUIS
JAVIER DIAZ enabled a number of foreign businesses to move money into and around
the United States.  For instance, the defendants used the Company to transmit
over $100 million into the United States on behalf of a large Venezuelan
consortium of construction companies (the "Venezuelan Company").  After they
received this money from the Venezuelan Company, the defendants received
instructions about where to send the money.  In this manner, the defendants sent
money on behalf of the Venezuelan Company to U.S. and foreign bank accounts of
Venezuelan government officials, employees of the Venezuelan Company, and other
beneficiaries that had no relationship with the Company.  Tens of millions of
dollars of these payments were made to shell companies located in banking safe
havens such as the British Virgin Islands.  For all of these transmitting
activities, the Company received a fee of approximately 2 percent of the funds
they transmitted.  In addition to the Venezuelan Company, LUIS DIAZ JR. and LUIS
JAVIER DIAZ used the Company to effect transfers into and around the United
States on behalf of other companies, mainly located in Venezuela and other South
American countries.



 In connection with these transfers, LUIS DIAZ JR. and LUIS JAVIER DIAZ were
often provided with false invoices purporting to be from the recipients of the
funds to make it appear as if the payments were for actual goods or services
rendered to the Company when, in truth, the money was intended for beneficiaries
in the United States and abroad with no business relationship to the Company.
The invoices had the effect of insulating the transmissions from scrutiny by
providing an explanation for the many millions of dollars' worth of payments.
Through this conduct, the defendants and the Company have functioned as an
unregulated financial institution allowing foreign entities to move funds into
and through the U.S. without any scrutiny, including being subject to the filing
of SARs that licensed transmitting businesses are required to file.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              865 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 27, 2014 Friday

New York: Three men indicted on gambling and money laundering charges

LENGTH: 664  words

DATELINE: Albany


United States Attorney's Office for the Western District of New York has issued
the following press release:

U.S. Attorney William J. Hochul, Jr. announced today that a federal grand jury
in Rochester has returned a 23-count indictment charging Paul Borrelli, 66, and
Joseph Ruff, 32, both of Rochester, N.Y., and Mark Ruff, 40, of Connecticut,
with conducting an illegal gambling business.

The indictment also charges Borrelli with 12 counts of money laundering, two
counts involving the deposit of gambling proceeds into business accounts held by
two Rochester companies to conceal the nature of gambling proceeds, and 10
counts of conducting financial transactions affecting interstate commerce which
involved over $10,000 of proceeds of illegal gambling activity. Joseph Ruff was
charged with 10 counts of money laundering, three counts of involving the
deposit of gambling proceeds into specified bank accounts in order to conceal
the nature of the gambling proceeds, and 10 counts of conducting financial
transactions affecting interstate commerce which involved over $10,000 of
proceeds of illegal gambling activity.

If convicted of the illegal gambling offense, the defendants face a maximum
sentence of five years in prison, and a $250,000 fine. If convicted of the money
laundering charges, Paul Borrelli and Joseph Ruff face a maximum sentence up to
20 years in prison and a $500,000 fine. Additionally, the defendants would be
required to forfeit $76 million in United States currency, the sum of money
equal to the total amount of gross wagers involved in the illegal gambling
business, six bank accounts, three real properties and a vehicle.

Assistant U.S. Attorney Robert A. Marangola, who is handling the case, stated
that according to the indictment, since January 2012, Borrelli, Joseph Ruff, and
Mark Ruff have conducted an illegal gambling business involving sports betting
which utilized multiple offshore internet gambling websites. The defendants
provided betters with an account and password that permitted them to place
wagers on various sporting events over the websites. The websites provide the
"line" and tallied the total won or lost by the bettors. The cash payments to
settle wagers generally occurred at face-face meetings, drop offs at residences
or the Marina Bar (owned and managed by Borrelli and Joseph Ruff), FedEx
deliveries, and bank deposits.

Borrelli was arrested at his residence at 31B Veldor Park in the City of
Rochester, and Joseph Ruff was arrested today at his residence at 360 Edgemere
Drive, a lakefront residence on Lake Ontario. Coinciding with their arrests this
morning, federal search warrants were executed at each of their residences.
During the searches, law enforcement seized over $80,000 in gambling proceeds
secreted in various locations.

Borrelli and Joseph Ruff were arraigned this afternoon before Magistrate Judge
Marian W. Payson and released on their own recognizance. They are due back in
court on July 1, 2014.

An arrest warrant has been issued for Mark Ruff.
The indictment is the culmination of an investigation conducted by the Organized
Crime Drug Enforcement Task Force, which included the Monroe County District
Attorney's Office, under the direction of District Attorney Sandra Doorley,
Federal Bureau of Investigation, Internal Revenue Service, under the direction
of Shantelle P. Kitchen, Acting Special Agent in Charge, New York Field Office,
Rochester Police Department, under the direction of Chief Michael Ciminelli,
Drug Enforcement Administration, under the direction of Acting Special Agent in
Charge James J. Hunt, New York Field Division, Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco,
Firearms, and Explosives, under the direction of Special Agent in Charge Thomas
J. Cannon, New York Field Division, Greece Police Department, under the
direction of Chief Patrick Phelan, and the Webster Police Department, under the
direction of Chief Gerald Pickering.

For more information please visit: http://www.justice.gov/usao/nyw

LOAD-DATE: June 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              866 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Greenville Herald-Banner (Texas)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             April 2, 2015 Thursday

Money laundering charge dismissed

BYLINE: Brad Kellar, The Herald Banner, Greenville, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 329 words


April 02--Charges have been dropped against one of three Dallas County men, who
had been indicted in connection with an alleged 2013 money laundering incident
involving hundreds of thousands of dollars.

The Hunt County District Attorney's Office announced Tuesday it was dismissing
the indictments filed against Frank Harvey III, after Harvey entered into a
judgment in connection with a related civil suit seeking to seize the money
recovered as illegal contraband.

Jeffery Michael Kelly currently has trial on the charges scheduled for May 18,
while an announcement concerning the case against Donnie R. Neal is scheduled
April 29.

The three were each indicted by the Hunt County grand jury in June 2014. All of
the defendants have pleaded not guilty.

Harvey, Kelly, and Neal, all of Dallas, were taken into custody on the afternoon
of Nov. 19, 2013,  at the 89-mile marker of Interstate 30.

Kelly remained in custody at the Hunt County Jail Tuesday, in lieu of a total of
$135,000 bond on the charges.

Harvey, Kelly and Neal were each indicted on one count of money laundering in
the amount of more than $200,000 and one count of unlawful use of a criminal
instrument.

The indictments allege the three did "knowingly acquire, conceal, possesses
and/or transport the proceeds of criminal activity", with a value of more than
$314,700. The 2009 Nissan Pathfinder in which the three were traveling at the
time of their arrest was alleged to have been used as an instrument as part of
the criminal activity.

The money laundering charge is a first degree felony, which carries a maximum
sentence upon conviction of up to five to 99 years to life in prison and an
optional fine of up to $10,000.

The criminal instrument charge, a second degree felony, carries a maximum
sentence upon conviction of from two to 20 years in prison.

___ (c)2015 The Herald Banner (Greenville, Texas) Visit The Herald Banner
(Greenville, Texas) at www.heraldbanner.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: April 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150402-GC-Money-laundering-charge-dismissed-0402-20150402

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GC


                    Copyright 2015 Greenville Herald-Banner

                              867 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 4, 2014 Thursday

Washington: Former Grosse Pointe Attorney Sentenced for Bank Fraud and Money
Laundering

LENGTH: 332  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

A former Grosse Pointe attorney was sentenced to prison for bank fraud and money
laundering, U.S. Attorney Barbara L. McQuade announced today. McQuade was joined
in the announcement by Paul M. Abbate, Special Agent in Charge of the FBI
Detroit Field Office.

Kenneth Flaska was sentenced to 64 months in prison by U.S. District Judge Paul
Borman in a case involving a loss to victims in the amount of $2,756,786.63.
Flaska pleaded guilty to one count of bank fraud and one count of money
laundering in April 2014. According to court records, over several years Flaska
executed a scheme to defraud his clients and the law firm at which he was
employed. Flaska used false and fraudulent pretenses and representations to
obtain funds payable to his clients, which Flaska then diverted for his own
personal use. Flaska used the fraudulently obtained proceeds to purchase items
such as a 31-foot yacht, which Flaska then sailed in the July 2013 Detroit to
Mackinac race.

"Attorneys are paid to serve their clients, not to enrich themselves," McQuade
said. "The defendant in this case went beyond committing criminal conduct by
breaching professional duties to clients and colleagues."

"Over several years, and under the false pretenses of offering professional
legal services, Mr. Flaska defrauded his clients and employer of over $2.75
million, living an extravagant lifestyle at their expense," stated Paul M.
Abbate, Special Agent in Charge of the FBI Detroit Field Office. "Today's
sentencing demonstrates the FBI's resolve in bringing to justice those who steal
from others to further their own selfish purposes."

The investigation of this case was conducted by special agents of the Federal
Bureau of Investigation and prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorneys Cynthia Oberg
and Gjon Juncaj.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com


LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              868 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 3, 2014 Wednesday

Washington: Former Grosse Pointe Attorney Sentenced for Bank Fraud and Money
Laundering

LENGTH: 332  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

A former Grosse Pointe attorney was sentenced to prison for bank fraud and money
laundering, U.S. Attorney Barbara L. McQuade announced today. McQuade was joined
in the announcement by Paul M. Abbate, Special Agent in Charge of the FBI
Detroit Field Office.

Kenneth Flaska was sentenced to 64 months in prison by U.S. District Judge Paul
Borman in a case involving a loss to victims in the amount of $2,756,786.63.
Flaska pleaded guilty to one count of bank fraud and one count of money
laundering in April 2014. According to court records, over several years Flaska
executed a scheme to defraud his clients and the law firm at which he was
employed. Flaska used false and fraudulent pretenses and representations to
obtain funds payable to his clients, which Flaska then diverted for his own
personal use. Flaska used the fraudulently obtained proceeds to purchase items
such as a 31-foot yacht, which Flaska then sailed in the July 2013 Detroit to
Mackinac race.

"Attorneys are paid to serve their clients, not to enrich themselves," McQuade
said. "The defendant in this case went beyond committing criminal conduct by
breaching professional duties to clients and colleagues."

"Over several years, and under the false pretenses of offering professional
legal services, Mr. Flaska defrauded his clients and employer of over $2.75
million, living an extravagant lifestyle at their expense," stated Paul M.
Abbate, Special Agent in Charge of the FBI Detroit Field Office. "Today's
sentencing demonstrates the FBI's resolve in bringing to justice those who steal
from others to further their own selfish purposes."

The investigation of this case was conducted by special agents of the Federal
Bureau of Investigation and prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorneys Cynthia Oberg
and Gjon Juncaj.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com


LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              869 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                           December 3, 2005 Saturday
                                 FINAL EDITION

AROUND THE STATE

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A5

LENGTH: 576 words


>Rap mogul cleared of money laundering

NEW YORK (AP) -- A rap mogul known for his gangster persona and for producing
chart-topping acts under the label Murder Inc. was acquitted Friday of
laundering piles of drug money for a notorious crack kingpin.

Irving Lorenzo, who goes by the name Irv Gotti, and his brother Christopher were
found not guilty of federal money laundering charges at a trial that was closely
followed by some of the music industry's biggest stars, including Jay-Z, Fat Joe
and Russell Simmons, along with Ja Rule and Ashanti, the platinum-selling
artists signed by Murder Inc.

Prosecutors contended that the Lorenzos struck an illicit deal in the late 1990s
with Kenneth "Supreme" McGriff, a New York City drug lord, who, they said,
funneled more than $1 million in drug money -- much of it made in Baltimore --
through Murder Inc. in return for serving as the Lorenzos' protector and
enforcer.

The defense countered that the brothers were victims of guilt by association.

-----

>Gang members admit roles in officers' deaths

NEW YORK (AP) -- Two Staten Island drug gang members have pleaded guilty to
charges related to the shooting deaths of two police detectives posing as gun
traffickers.

Michael Whitten, 22, and Paris Bullock, 23, admitted that they were involved in
robbing the men. Bullock said he provided the gun used to kill detectives Rodney
Andrews and James Nemorin in March 2003.

Whitten faces 27 years in prison, while Bullock faces 25 years.

Ronell Wilson, accused of firing the shots, faces trial in September.

The two detectives were shot in the head during an undercover gun buy. Whitten
and Bullock said they had considered the possibility they were dealing with
undercover officers.

The plea agreement, which involved drug conspiracy and federal racketeering
charges, was approved Thursday by a federal judge in Brooklyn.

-----

>Internet romance leads to sex assault charges

NORTH SYRACUSE (AP) -- State police charged a 22-year-old man with sexually
assaulting a 16-year-old found early Friday in a hotel after a missing-child
alert.

Connor Izard of Clay was charged with rape and committing a sexual act, both
felonies, and endangering the welfare of a child, a misdemeanor.

State Police Investigator Timothy Siddell said the 16-year-old Geneva girl met
Izard on the Internet. The two talked online for a month before deciding to
meet, he said.

They went to the Knight's Inn in Liverpool and had plans to leave for New York
City and "points unknown" after that, he said.

Authorities in Geneva had issued an Amber alert for the teenager late Thursday.

-----

>Judge allows lawsuit against gun makers

NEW YORK (AP) -- A federal judge ruled Friday that New York City's lawsuit
against gun manufacturers may go forward, despite passage of a federal law this
fall that was specifically designed to protect the firearms industry from such
suits.

Judge Jack B. Weinstein said the new law shielding gun companies from lawsuits
by cities and crime victims did not apply to New York's case against several
major gun manufacturers.

The legislation, which was championed by the National Rifle Association and
signed into law by President Bush in October, had included a narrow exception
for some lawsuits alleging specific violations of state law.

Weinstein also ruled, however, that if the law did apply to New York's case, it
would be constitutional.

The judge immediately stayed all action in the trial to allow gun manufacturers
to appeal the decision.

LOAD-DATE: December 4, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Briefs

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2005 The Buffalo News

                              870 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Monitor (McAllen, Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            November 1, 2011 Tuesday

Mission cocaine kingpin gets 27 years in prison

BYLINE: Jared Taylor, The Monitor, McAllen, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 468 words


Nov. 01--MCALLEN -- A Mission man faces 27 years in prison after he led a drug
trafficking and money laundering operation that netted more than $1 million in
proceeds.

The ringleader and his two brothers were among seven men who learned their
prison sentences at a sentencing hearing Monday afternoon in U.S. District
Court.

Federal agents unfolded the narcotics investigation in New York City in 2006,
when they found a tractor-trailer owned by Mission resident Alonzo Avila, 52.
That would lead the Drug Enforcement Administration to several other drug and
cash seizures from Avila's drug trafficking organization over the next two
years, prosecutors said.

In all, agents seized more than 1,763 pounds of cocaine, 1,102 pounds of
marijuana and $1.5 million in drug proceeds.

Investigators learned that Avila used tractor-trailers to move cocaine and
marijuana from the Rio Grande Valley to cities in the eastern U.S., including
New York, Atlanta and Columbus, Ohio.

After delivering the drug loads, Avila's drug trafficking organization would
smuggle the cash back to the Valley, prosecutors said.

Nine men named in a federal indictment returned in March pleaded guilty to drug
smuggling and money laundering charges. U.S. District Judge Randy Crane
sentenced seven of the nine men at a hearing Monday afternoon. They are:

>> Alonzo Avila, the head of the drug trafficking organization, who was
sentenced to 27 years in prison on cocaine trafficking charges and 12 years for
money laundering. Both sentences will run concurrently.

>> Seferino Avila, 44, a Mission resident and younger brother of Alonzo, who was
sentenced to more than 24 years in prison on cocaine trafficking charges and 12
years for money laundering. Both sentences will run concurrently.

>> Alejandro Avila, 38, younger brother of Seferino and Alonzo, who was
sentenced to 58 months in prison on cocaine trafficking charges.

>> Carlos Javier Gomez, 38, of Edinburg, who was sentenced to 20 years in prison
on cocaine trafficking charges.

>> Cristielo Mendoza, 50, of Edinburg, who was sentenced to nine years in prison
on cocaine trafficking charges.

>> Darrell Bruce Hamilton, 52, of Victoria, who was sentenced to four years in
prison on cocaine trafficking charges.

>> Ricky Wayne Saunders, 45, of Malta, Ohio, who was sentenced to two years in
prison on money laundering charges.

Still awaiting sentencing are Julio Cesar Leon, 38, of Edinburg, and Juan Javier
Mendiola, 37, of McAllen.

All those sentenced Monday will face between three and 10 years of supervised
release after completing their prison terms.

Jared Taylor covers courts and general assignments for The Monitor. He can be
reached at (956) 683-4439.

___ (c)2011 The Monitor (McAllen, Texas) Visit The Monitor (McAllen, Texas) at
www.themonitor.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: November 1, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20111101-MC-Mission-cocaine-kingpin-gets-27-years-in-prison-1101-20111101

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MC


                           Copyright 2011 The Monitor

                              871 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                            March 31, 2016 Thursday

Unlawful fine of $605,000 has been charged to Chavez brothers

LENGTH: 682  words


According to a New Mexico attorney generals press release Monday, the AZ Boys,
Joe and Robert Chavez, who ran a criminal enterprise to import large quantities
of methamphetamine from Phoenix to Otero County were hit with over $605,000 in
fines.

In the release Attorney General Hector Balderas stated that Joe D. Chavez Jr.
was assessed a penalty of $479,759.25 and Robert Chavez was penalized $125,400
by Otero Countys 12th Judicial District Judge James W. Counts Wednesday.

Joe and Robert, in 2014  were both convicted in separate trials on felony
charges that included racketeering, conspiracy, drug trafficking and multiple
counts each of money laundering.

Joe was a leader of the AZ Boys drug trafficking organization, an outfit that
used violence and a fairly sophisticated system of mules to import large
quantities of methamphetamine into Otero County. Joe, 44, is serving a 48 year
prison sentence while Robert, 41, is serving a 36 year prison sentence.

Joe still faces murder,  conspiracy, arson and tampering with evidence charges
in the Nov. 1, 2011 homicide of Richard Valdez. Valdezs body was found in his
burned-out 2006 Suzuki Forenza station wagon near South Hamilton Road and San
Pedro Drive in 2011.

Balderas wrote the state attorney generals office jointly prosecuted the Chavez
brothers criminal cases with the 12th Judicial District Attorneys Office.

Twelfth Judicial District Attorney David Ceballes said he is pleased with the
civil judgements obtained against the Chavez brothers convicted felons.

Ceballes said I want to express my appreciation to former Deputy District
Attorney Kirby Wills, Assistant District Attorney Kay Elmasri-Pearson, and to
the entire Otero County Sheriffs Office Narcotics Enforcement Unit, for their
work and determination on the underlying criminal cases. Though these combined
efforts, Joe David Chavez Jr. was sentenced to a total period of incarceration
of 48 years, and Robert Chavez was sentenced to a total period of incarceration
of 36 years, for the multiple felony convictions obtained by our prosecutors and
police after two separate jury trials. These criminal felony convictions formed
the basis of this successful civil action taken by the New Mexico attorney
general. We look forward to future collaborative efforts such as this one to
continue to bring justice to the people of our 12th Judicial District here in
Otero and Lincoln Counties.

New Mexicos money laundering statute provides that anyone convicted of money
laundering is subject to a civil penalty of three times the value of the
property involved in the crime.

The civil penalties are believed to be the first ever assessed in New Mexico
following money laundering convictions through the attorney generals office, he
wrote in the release.

Balderas wrote We are attacking criminal enterprises and money laundering on all
fronts in New Mexico, both criminal and civil. The Office of the Attorney
General maintains an aggressive anti-money laundering initiative funded by the
Southwest Border Alliance. We will continue to root out money laundering
operations and associated crimes in our state.

Otero County Sheriff Benny House said he is pleased with the judgement penalties
against the Chavez brothers.

House said that the state will get all the money versus the agency that does all
the work and puts all the effort into putting all these cases together. The
governor gets all the money. It goes into the general fund. Well never see it.
We wont be able to recoup our money. They also got an estimated $200,000 house
that went to the feds because state law wouldnt allow us to take back a
percentage of it to put back in the fight against drugs in Otero County.

He said he hopes the judgement penalties are a deterrent against criminal
activity.

House said I am always pleased when drug dealers dont get to maintain their
proceeds from the sales of drugs. Its never good when they get to keep it. It
doesnt matter who takes it as long as the criminal organization doesnt get to
keep it and put it back into their activity and harm our communities. 2016 Legal
Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              872 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            June 12, 2013 Wednesday

Michigan: SENATE BILL No. 713

LENGTH: 370 words

DATELINE: Lansing


Office of the Legislature, The State of Michigan has issued the following press
release:

August 5, 2009, Introduced by Senator KAHN and referred to the Committee on
Judiciary.

A bill to amend 1927 PA 175, entitled

"The code of criminal procedure,"

by amending section 16t of chapter XVII (MCL 777.16t), as amended

by 2008 PA 565.

THE PEOPLE OF THE STATE OF MICHIGAN ENACT:

1                           CHAPTER XVII

2        Sec. 16t. This chapter applies to the following felonies

3  enumerated in chapter 750 of the Michigan Compiled Laws:

4


M.C.L.


Category


Class


Description


Stat Max

5


750.410a


Person


G


Conspiracy to commit a person to state hospital unjustly


4

1


750.411a(1)(b)


Pub ord


F


False report of a felony


4

2


750.411a(3)(a)


Pub ord


F


Threat or false report of an explosive or harmful device, substance, or material



4

3


750.411a(3)(b)


Pub ord


D


Threat or false report of an explosive or harmful device, substance, or material
-- subsequent offense


10

4


750.411b


Pub trst


G


Excess fees to members of legislature


4

5


750.411h(2)(b)


Person


E


Stalking of a minor


5

6


750.411i(3)(a)


Person


E


Aggravated stalking


5

7


750.411i(3)(b)


Person


D


Aggravated stalking of a minor


10

8


750.411l


Pub ord


H


Money laundering -- fourth degree


2

9


750.411m


Pub ord


E


Money laundering -- third degree


5

10


750.411n


Pub ord


D


Money laundering -- second degree


10

11


750.411o


Pub ord


B


Money laundering -- first degree


20

12


750.411p(2)(a)


Property


B


Money laundering of proceeds from controlled substance offense involving $10,000
or more


20

1


750.411p(2)(b)


Property


D


Money laundering of proceeds from controlled substance offense or other proceeds
involving $10,000 or more


10

2


750.411p(2)(c)


Property


E


Money laundering -- transactions involving represented proceeds


5

3


750.411s(2)(a)


Person


G


Unlawful posting of message


2

4


750.411s(2)(b)


Person


E


Unlawful posting of message with aggravating circumstances


5

5


750.411t(2)(b)


Person


E


Hazing resulting in serious impairment


5

6


750.411t(2)(c)


Person


C


Hazing resulting in death


15

7


750.411u


Pub ord


B


Gang membership felonies


20

8


750.411v(1)


Person


E


Gang recruitment


5

9


750.411v(2)


Person


B


Retaliation for withdrawal from gang


20

For further information please visit: http://www.legislature.mi.gov/

LOAD-DATE: June 12, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              873 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

In Brief: ABN Told to Beef Up Laundering Policies

                             July 27, 2004, Tuesday

By Damian Paletta



Federal and state regulators said Monday that ABN Amro Bank NV of Amsterdam has
lax anti-money-laundering policies.

In an enforcement action, the New York and Chicago Federal Reserve banks and New
York and Illinois banking agencies cited deficiencies in services the bank's New
York branch provides to correspondent banks and in its dollar clearing business.

But none of the agencies levied a fine against the $777 billion-asset company.

ABN Amro has two months to show the regulators a new anti-laundering program. It
also must develop a new training program for compliance with the Bank Secrecy
Act.

For the Fed, the enforcement action was its sixth this year under the act.
Steven Blaney, a London spokesman for the company, said no illegal laundering
had taken place.

The company has already introduced new monitoring systems and added staff to
work on anti-laundering programs, he said. "Appropriate actions to rectify this
situation are well under way," Mr. Blaney said. ABN Amro also owns LaSalle Bank
of Chicago, which has $65 billion of assets.

Copyright 2004 Thomson Media Inc. All Rights Reserved.
http://www.thomsonmedia.com http://www.americanbanker.com

SECTION: MARKETS; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 199 words

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2004 American Banker, Inc.

                              874 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                           May 20, 1993, Thursday, AM
                              Correction Appended

Cash laundered in Metro 12 arrested over ring that invested drug profits

BYLINE: By Nick Pron TORONTO STAR

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A3

LENGTH: 695 words


   A former manager of a branch of the Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce and a
racing car driver are among a dozen people charged by police in a $45 million,
Toronto-based money-laundering ring.

Yesterday's arrests came after a joint police task force earlier seized about $
16 million worth of property, including a drag strip in Cayuga, an amusement
park in Oshawa and a $13 million apartment building in Italy.

Police allege that cocaine profits were used to buy the Cayuga drag strip for $
1.2 million, the Treasure Valley amusement park in Oshawa for $1.4 million, the
Grappola D'uva restaurant, on Dufferin St. south of Lawrence Ave. W., for $1
million and three apartments on The Esplanade for $500,000.

A former owner of a book store on Bloor St., who was a neighbor of cocaine drug
baron Pablo Escobar, was also charged following an 18-month investigation by the
Royal Canadian Mounted Police, Metro police and Ontario Provincial Police.

Investigators say the most money they hope to recover is about $1 million.

It's unlikely police will ever be able to seize the estimated $25 million estate
owned by one of the accused men near Medellin, Colombia.

Authorities here helped Italian police seize a $13 million apartment building in
Reggio, Calabria, but none of those funds would be returned to Canada, an
investigator said.

At one time, detectives were investigating some 200 properties in and around
Toronto and in Florida, all allegedly bought with profits from smuggled cocaine,
said Inspector Wayne Blackburn, of the RCMP's anti-drug profiteering unit.

But the drug runners sold some of the more expensive real estate, including
oceanfront condominiums in Florida, before police were able to move in, he said.

The value of other properties plummeted in the depressed real estate market and
weren't worth seizing, he added.

Investigators said the gang had operated since the early 1980s but it was not
until Jan. 1, 1989, that "seize- and-freeze" legislation was passed allowing
police to go after the assets of drug runners.

Around 1981, the founding member of the ring smuggled coke to Toronto, a few
grams at a time, inside envelopes mailed to him from Medellin.

From there, the gang grew and prospered to the point where it was smuggling more
than 300 kilograms (661 pounds) a month into Toronto from Miami, using a fleet
of cars with the dope hidden inside the door panels.

Millions of dollars in cash from sales here was smuggled to the United States,
Colombia and Italy, hidden inside the cars or in false compartments in wall
plaques and grandfather clocks.

The smugglers also sank millions of dollars in the southwestern Ontario real
estate market. Older properties would be bought, lavishly refurbished, with
contractors getting cash, then resold for a profit.

Police allege that mortgages for the properties were arranged through the Avenue
Rd. CIBC branch and cash deposits were made there.

Charged with conspiracy to possess the proceeds of crime and/or conspiracy to
launder the proceeds of crime are race driver Ulrich Bieri, 40, of Unionville,
Anthony Morra, 48, of Mississauga, former bank branch manager Ivan Cheddie, 47,
of Oakville, Diego Serrano, 44, of Vaughan, Mario Condello, 56, and Maria
Condello, 46, both of Reggio, Italy, Vince Salvatore, 43, of Thornhill, Domenic
Salvatore, 36, of Caledon, Luigina Stefanelli 29, and Silvio Stefanelli, 65,
both of Toronto, and Bernardo Arcilla, 49, of Medellin, Colombia.

The alleged head of the ring, Serrano, is in custody in Calabria, awaiting
extradition.

* With files from Jake Lakey


LOAD-DATE: May 12, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION:

CORRECTION

A Cayuga drag strip owned by Cayuga Motorsport Park Inc. is open for business
despite a restraining order related to charges in a money-laundering case. A
story Thursday in the Star said the property had been seized.

One of the 12 people charged with conspiracy to possess the proceeds of crime
and/or conspiracy to launder the proceeds of crime is Domenic Salvatore, 36, of
Woodbridge. A police news release gave Caledon as his address. (May 22, 1993,
page A2)


GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Photographed several years ago in the South American hills of
Medellin is Bernardo Arcilla. PHOTOS: Diego Serrano; Ulrich Bieri - charged in
drug laundering scheme STAR FILE PHOTO: No. 40 Ferrari-Tiga at February, 1989,
Daytona race

                  Copyright 1993 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.

                              875 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       The Metropolitan Corporate Counsel

                        February, 2001 Northeast Edition

NY ACCA, Kroll Plan Seminar On Money Laundering

SECTION: CORPORATE COUNSEL ORGANIZATION HIGHLIGHTS; Pg. 50

LENGTH: 203 words


The Greater New York Chapter of the American Corporate Counsel Association (NY
ACCA) and Kroll Associates this month will present a luncheon seminar titled
Money Laundering: The Vulnerability of Financial Institutions.

The program will take place on Thursday, February 15 from 11 a.m. to 2:30 p.m.
at The Yale Club, 50 Vanderbilt Avenue, New York City. Registration begins at
10:30 a.m.

James R. Bucknam, senior managing director at Kroll Associates, will serve as
program moderator. The keynote speaker will be New York State Attorney General
Eliot Spitzer.

The luncheon speaker, Allen D. Applbaum, managing director and regional counsel
for Kroll Associates, will discuss strategies to combat money laundering.

In the afternoon, the topic Potential Risks: Protecting the Banking and
Securities Industry, will be examined by a panel including: Barry Koch, senior
vice president and director of anti-money laundering, Salomon Smith Barney;
Sarah Bevan, senior vice president, Barclays Private Bank; Karen Patton Seymour,
Sullivan & Cromwell, and Julie Copeland, first vice president and director of
compliance of the International Private Client Group, Merrill Lynch.

For reservations, call (212) 833-3204.

LOAD-DATE: February 7, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

            Copyright 2001 The Metropolitan Corporate Counsel, Inc.

                              876 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                    August 28, 1997, Thursday, METRO EDITION

Accused judge chooses jury trial Drug money laundering alleged

BYLINE: By Sandro Contenta TORONTO STAR

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A2

LENGTH: 281 words

DATELINE: MONTREAL


   MONTREAL - A Quebec Superior Court justice accused of laundering more than
$1.6 million in drug money appeared in court yesterday and chose to be tried in
front of a jury.

Justice Robert Flahiff, 50, faces six charges linked to the laundering through a
Swiss bank of $1,675,000 in small bills between January, 1989 and June, 1991,
according to court documents.

Flahiff, appointed to the highest trial court in Quebec by former prime minister
Brian Mulroney in June, 1993, faced Justice Roch St. Germain yesterday and was
told to return Oct. 15, when a date for a pre-trial hearing will be set.

Flahiff then walked through a crowd of journalists and disappeared behind a door
that leads to hallways reserved for judges and court officials. He has been on
sick leave since January.

The laundering charges are believed to be the most serious a Canadian judge has
ever faced. They carry a maximum penalty of 10 years in jail.

The money laundering is alleged to have occurred when Flahiff was working as a
lawyer. Another Montreal area lawyer, Gerald Lavoie, is also charged.

Police first got on Flahiff's trail when a wealthy Quebec drug smuggler, Paul
Larue, was caught in a sting by American police in 1993. Larue agreed to become
a police informant and is now serving a 17-year sentence in Jacksonville, Fla.,
for drug smuggling.

Claude Girouard, Flahiff's lawyer, has denounced the charges as scandalous. He
says they're based on nothing more than the evidence given by a drug smuggler
turned informer.

But crown attorney Bruno Pateras yesterday told reporters that 90 per cent of
the evidence collected has already been turned over to the defence.

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: ROBERT FLAHIFF: Quebec Superior Court justice faces six
charges.Quebec; laundering; charge

                  Copyright 1997 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.

                              877 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 7, 2015 Thursday

GRAND JUNCTION REAL ESTATE DEVELOPERS ARE SENTENCED TO FEDERAL PRISON FOR MONEY
LAUNDERING

LENGTH: 577  words

DATELINE: Denver


United States Attorney's Office for the District of Colorado has issued the
following press release:

Franklin Thad Harris, age 59, and Merlin D. Unruh, age 53, both of Grand
Junction, Colorado, were sentenced today by U.S. District Court Judge Christine
M. Arguello to serve 36 months and 28 months in federal prison, respectively,
for money laundering, the United States Attorney's Office, the Federal Bureau of
Investigation and IRS Criminal Investigation announced.  Following their prison
sentences, Harris and Unruh were ordered to serve 3 years each on supervised
release. They were also ordered by Judge Arguello to pay $1,844,846.49 in
restitution joint and several to the victim bank.

Harris and Unruh were indicted by a federal grand jury in Denver on January 8,
2013, for charges of bank fraud and money laundering.  The indictment remained
under seal until their arrest on January 11, 2013.  A superseding information
was filed on April 14, 2014.  Harris and Unruh plead guilty to one count of
money laundering on July 17, 2014.  They were sentenced on May 6, 2015.

According to information contained in court documents, including the stipulated
facts contained in their plea agreements, Harris was in the business of
constructing housing developments throughout the Grand Junction, Colorado, area.
In the mid to late 2000s, Harris was involved in the purchase of several acres
of land for various planned housing developments in Grand Junction. Financing
for the projects came in the form of secured loans from First National Bank of
the Rockies (FNBR). Harris's partner, Unruh, was in the construction business
and was the general contractor on building projects with Harris. TDSM was a
Colorado real estate development company incorporated in February 2003 and
Harris and Unruh were sole members of the board of directors of TDSM.  HARRIS
was the President and Registered Agent of TDSM.  Unruh was Secretary/Treasurer
of TDSM. Unruh incorporated and was the registered agent for McGleeson, Inc., a
construction company.

In 2010, several construction loans to Harris had become problem loans as they
were in default with FNBR. The Special Assets Department of FNBR began to review
the loans and identified potential fraud and requested an outside forensic audit
which eventually lead to federal law enforcement agencies being notified.
Between October 2007 and December 2008, Harris and Unruh obtained loan
disbursements totaling $3,718,351.83. They submitting false and fraudulent
expense documentation, primarily false invoices, which represented various types
of construction work completed at both sites. In fact, much of the work
reflected in the invoices had not been performed at the Chatfield site, and no
work was done on the Thunder Valley development.

An IRS Special Agent conducted an analysis of the flow of funds and found Harris
and Unruh, on numerous occasions, conducted a series of financial transactions
after the draw money was deposited into their construction business account.
They diverted funds meant to pay subcontractor invoices to private bank accounts
and retirement accounts owned/controlled by them and their spouses.

This case was investigated by agents with Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI)
and IRS Criminal Investigation (IRS CI).  The case was prosecuted by Assistant
U.S. Attorney Michelle Heldmyer.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              878 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 2, 2016 Wednesday

Washington: Man Sentenced to 12 Years in Prison for Possessing 21 Kilos of
Cocaine Seized From His Tractor-Trailer

LENGTH: 522  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Drug Enforcement Administration has issued the following news
release:



 Belarmino Amaya, 58, of Hesperia, California, was sentenced to 12 years in
state prison by Superior Court Judge Michael A. Toto in Middlesex County.  Amaya
pleaded guilty to first-degree charges of possession of cocaine with intent to
distribute and money laundering.  The 12-year sentence includes four years of
parole ineligibility on the drug charge, and a concurrent sentence of 10 years
in prison with 39 months of parole ineligibility on the money laundering charge.





 New Jersey State Attorney General Christopher S. Porrino announced the
sentencing today.  Deputy Attorney General Jamie Picard prosecuted Amaya and
handled the sentencing for the Division of Criminal Justice Gangs & Organized
Crime Bureau.



 The drug charge related to Amaya's arrest on Dec. 5, 2014 by agents and
officers of the New York Drug Enforcement Task Force (NYDETF).  The NYDETF had
obtained information that a truck driver from California was transporting
multi-kilogram quantities of cocaine across the country to supply drug dealers
on the East Coast.  Through further investigation, federal agents identified the
truck driver as Amaya.  NYDETF agents were able to track Amaya and bring him
under surveillance on Dec. 5, 2014 as he traveled on Route 78 in a
tractor-trailer and stopped about 10 p.m. at a hotel in Little Ferry.  Agents
approached Amaya at the hotel, and he admitted that he was transporting cocaine
in the trailer.  The agents searched the trailer with Amaya's consent and found
a total of approximately 21 kilograms of cocaine under T-shirts in cabinets on
both sides of the trailer.



 The money laundering charge related to a prior arrest on Jan. 23, 2009, when
Amaya and Carlos Mario Mejia, 38, of Los Angeles, California, were arrested by
the New Jersey State Police after $1.2 million in cash was found in a Volvo
tractor owned by Mejia.  The State Police began tracking the truck a day earlier
at a truck stop in Kearny because it bore the name of a firm linked to a prior
money laundering probe.  Detectives followed the tractor to a truck yard in
Newark.  The State Police stopped the truck about 5:15 a.m. on Jan. 23 as it
traveled north on U.S. 1 & 9 to the New Jersey Turnpike, before it reached the
Edison toll plaza.  The truck was searched with the consent of Amaya and Mejia
after they gave conflicting reports about their travels.  Detectives seized
about $1.2 million in U.S. currency from the truck's sleeper compartment.  Mejia
pleaded guilty to money laundering and was sentenced on Sept. 10, 2012 to10
years in state prison.  Deputy Attorney General Philip Mogavero prosecuted
Mejia.



 The New York Drug Enforcement Task Force includes agents and officers of the
U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration, New York City Police Department and New
York State Police.  The task force focuses on disrupting and dismantling major
drug trafficking and money laundering organizations and related criminal
enterprises.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              879 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 27, 2013 Saturday

Tennessee: Irs Employee Charged With Laundering Drug Proceeds

LENGTH: 262  words

DATELINE: Nashville


United States Attorney's Office for the Western District of Tennessee has issued
the following press release:

Maggie Cooper, 62, of Memphis, TN, a 27-year veteran Internal Revenue Service
(IRS) Tax Analyst, was indicted today in a 38-count indictment charging her with
money laundering and money laundering conspiracy, announced Edward L. Stanton
III, U.S. Attorney for the Western District of Tennessee, and Christopher A.
Henry, Special Agent in Charge of IRS-Criminal Investigation.

The indictment alleges that beginning in or about 2011 and continuing through
September 2012, Cooper conspired with others to conduct financial transactions
with proceeds obtained from marijuana trafficking. Specifically, Cooper would
make purchases in her name with money derived from her co-conspirators' unlawful
activity, with the understanding that the purchased items would be paid for and
owned by the co-conspirator, including the purchase of a 2007 Jaguar XKR.

The indictment further alleges that Cooper allowed bank accounts to be opened in
her name for her co-conspirator to facilitate marijuana purchases and sales. If
convicted, she faces a term of up to 20 years in prison. She also faces fines of
up to $500,000 and criminal forfeiture as alleged in the indictment.

This investigation was conducted by IRS-Criminal Investigation, U.S. Treasury
Inspector General for Tax Administration (TIGTA), and the Memphis Police
Department Organized Crime Unit. Assistant U.S. Attorney Deb Ireland represents
the government.

For more information please visit: http://www.justice.gov/usao/tnw

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              880 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                February 15, 2000, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

GUILTY PLEAS SEEN IN THE LAUNDERING OF RUSSIAN MONEY

BYLINE: By RAYMOND BONNER and TIMOTHY L. O'BRIEN

SECTION: Section A; Page 1; Column 3; Foreign Desk

LENGTH: 1133 words


Two major suspects in the federal investigation into the illegal transfer of
billions of dollars from Russia through the Bank of New York have agreed to
plead guilty to money laundering charges, people involved in the inquiry said
yesterday.

The suspects -- Lucy Edwards, who was a senior officer at the Bank of New York,
and her husband, Peter Berlin, whose company, Benex International, controlled
the accounts through which the money was moved -- were expected to arrive in New
York from London today to surrender to the federal authorities, a law
enforcement official said.

The charges are the most serious to arise from the investigation that began in
the fall of 1998 when officials in the United States and Britain discovered that
billions of dollars were passing through a handful of accounts at the Bank of
New York. The investigation was made public last August, but no major arrests
have yet been made.

Efforts to reach Ms. Edwards and Mr. Berlin were unsuccessful; their home in
London was dark last night.  In New York, their lawyer, T. Barry Kingham, said
through an assistant that he would have no comment.

A spokesman for the office of the Federal Bureau of Investigation in New York,
which is conducting the inquiry, also declined to comment.

The Bank of New York declined to comment yesterday on any aspect of the charges
against Ms. Edwards and Mr. Berlin.

A person close to the investigation said Ms. Edwards and Mr. Berlin had agreed
to plead guilty to several criminal charges, including conspiracy to commit
money laundering, visa fraud, wire fraud and bribery of a bank official. Details
of the charges were not immediately known, including the identity of the
official or the bank involved in the bribe.

The person providing the information said Ms. Edwards and Mr. Berlin had also
agreed to forfeit $8 million that had been seized in their personal accounts by
the federal authorities last fall, when they were indicted in New York on
relatively minor charges, including transferring money without a license.

Ms. Edwards and Mr. Berlin held intensive negotiations with the federal
authorities for several months, a person close to the negotiations said. The
sticking point was the money laundering charge, he said.

Another law enforcement official said the American authorities needed the plea
agreement to include a criminal charge that was sufficiently serious to make the
couple subject to extradition under British law. Mr. Berlin and Ms. Edwards have
lived in London since 1996.

Money laundering is generally defined as the practice of taking ill-gotten gains
and passing them through a series of bank accounts or businesses so that they
appear legitimate. Under federal law, money laundering is a crime only if the
money comes from the proceeds of serious crimes like kidnapping, extortion,
murder or bank fraud.

It was not known last night exactly what the nature of the money laundering
charge was against the couple. Justice Department lawyers have argued during the
negotiations that Ms. Edwards and Mr. Berlinviolated federal money laundering
laws when they moved the millions of dollars they earned as commissions at Benex
from their accounts at the Bank of New York to personal accounts overseas, a
lawyer close to the negotiations said.

Ms. Edwards, who rose quickly from an office assistant to vice president in the
Bank of New York's Eastern Europe division, largely because of her ability to
bring in Russian business, was dismissed by the bank in August after the
investigation became public.

The fact that Ms. Edwards and Mr. Berlin have decided to plead guilty to money
laundering charges seriously complicates legal matters for the Bank of New York.
Lawyers with expertise in banking law said that whenever a senior bank officer
admits to such charges, questions arise about the bank's own culpability.

Ms. Edwards may now also testify to federal prosecutors about senior members of
the bank to whom she reported, raising possible problems for her former
superiors.

A spokesman for Natasha Gurfinkel Kagalovsky, a former Bank of New York
executive who oversaw the division in which Ms. Edwards worked and who has also
been a focal point for the investigation, said she had never been approached to
discuss a plea agreement of any sort.

Ms. Kagalovsky, who resigned from the bank last fall after she was suspended,
has not been charged with any wrongdoing in connection with the investigation.
Ms. Kagalovsky's attorney, Stanley Arkin, said yesterday that his client had not
"been involved in anything which is conceivably a violation of any law."

Ms. Kagalovsky is married to Konstantin Kagalovsky, a senior executive with a
large Russian oil company called Yukos who previously worked as a senior
executive with a now defunct Russian bank, Menatep. Mr. Kagalovsky has not been
charged with any wrongdoing.

A business partner of Mr. Berlin and Ms. Edwards who was indicted along with
them last fall on charges of illegal money transfer, Aleksei Volkov, has not
entered into any plea agreements with federal prosecutors, according to his
lawyer in New York. Mr. Volkov now resides in Moscow.

Last month, the federal authorities indicted a former Bank of New York employee,
Svetlana Kudryavtsev, on charges of making false statements to investigators in
connection with the money laundering inquiry.

According to the indictment, Ms. Kudryavtsev received about $30,000 from Ms.
Edwards and her husband between 1995 and 1999. The complaint said Ms.
Kudryavtsev lied to investigators in August about having received money from the
couple and also lied about having any knowledge of their business activities.

Ms. Kudryavtsev's lawyer, Charles Adler, said the indictment of his client was
"surprising and disappointing." He said she is not involved in any plea
negotiations with federal prosecutors.

Just last week, state and federal banking regulators formally sanctioned the
Bank of New York for "deficiencies" in its anti-money-laundering practices,
according to an agreement signed by the bank.

But the regulators did not impose any monetary penalties against the bank and
stopped short of more serious sanctions. The Federal Reserve and the New York
State Banking Department took the Bank of New York to task for lax auditing and
risk-management procedures in businesses involving international banking, funds
transfers and stock listings for foreign companies.

The fact that the regulators' actions were not more serious reportedly came as
something of a relief for bank officials.

Nonetheless, experts said the regulators' actions were unusual measures taken
because of substantial problems with the way the Bank of New York supervised
accounts handling funds from overseas, particularly from Russia.



http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Lucy Edwards and her husband, Peter Berlin, in London last year.
(Times Newspapers Ltd.)(pg. A14)




                   Copyright 2000 The New York Times Company

                              881 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                       April 6, 2004 Tuesday Home Edition

BRIEFLY

SOURCE: From staff and wire reports

SECTION: Sports; Pg. 15D

LENGTH: 491 words


Daly's wife, in-laws plead guilty to money laundering

Pro golfer John Daly's wife and her parents pleaded guilty in Oxford, Miss.,
Monday to federal money laundering charges. Sherrie Miller Daly, who married the
two-time major champion in 2001, and her parents, Alvis and Billie Miller,
entered into an agreement late Friday with U.S. Attorney Paul Roberts to plead
guilty.

The three were charged in a federal indictment alleging they were involved in a
drug ring and an illegal gambling operation. Prosecutors said earlier that the
golfer didn't know about his wife's alleged drug activities, which took place
between 1996 and 2002.

Under his plea agreement, Alvis Miller will serve up to two years in prison.
Sherrie Daly and Billie Miller were sentenced to five years' probation with six
months of home detention.

COLLEGE BASKETBALL: Heels recruit pleads

North Carolina recruit JamesOn Curry pleaded guilty to six felony drug charges
and was sentenced to three years' probation. Curry was sentenced to 36 months of
probation, 200 hours of community service and various fines.

PRO BASKETBALL: Drexler to Hall

Clyde Drexler, who starred for Houston in college and for Portland and Houston
in the NBA, was one of six people announced as the newest members of the
Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame. Joining him are Lynette Woodard, an
Olympic gold medalist and first female Harlem Globetrotter; coach Bill Sharman,
already in the hall as a player; the late Maurice Stokes, the 1956 NBA rookie of
the year; Jerry Colangelo, chairman of the Phoenix Suns; and Drazen Dalipagic,
an international star for Yugoslavia.

PRO FOOTBALL: Ex-Bulldog injured

New York Jets cornerback Jamie Henderson was in critical but stable condition in
Grady Memorial Hospital following a weekend motorcycle accident. The Jets said
in a statement that Henderson was injured Saturday night. Henderson was a
standout defensive back at Carrollton High School and later played for Georgia
before the Jets drafted him in the fourth round in 2001. . . . Maurice Clarett
ran, jumped, lifted weights and caught footballs for pro scouts in Columbus,
Ohio. Clarett had times of 4.66, 4.63 and 4.67 seconds in his three 40-yard
dashes.

COLLEGE FOOTBALL: Colorado scandal

Colorado placed assistant defensive coach Vance Joseph on leave amid a
recruiting scandal that includes rape allegations and other misconduct by
football players. Joseph was put on administrative leave last week, the school
said.

MISC.: Georgia fencer wins

Emily Jacobson of Dunwoody won the junior world championships (under-20) in
women's sabre in Plovdiv, Bulgaria. Her sister, Sada, is the senior world
champion, and both will be on the U.S. Olympic team.. . . Donald Young of
Atlanta and Lindsay Burdette of Jackson won early-round matches in the boys and
girls 18-and-under divisions at the Easter Bowl National Junior Tennis
Championships in Palm Springs, Calif.

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Briefs

                Copyright 2004 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                              882 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                             July 20, 2001, Friday

RACE TRACK CLERKS INDICTED IN SCAM

BYLINE: By JOE MAHONEY DAILY NEWS ALBANY BUREAU CHIEF

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 22

LENGTH: 339 words

ALBANY - A year-long probe into money laundering at the state's leading race
tracks led to the indictments yesterday of four New York Racing Association
tellers - including the boss of the pari-mutuel betting clerks union, Attorney
General Eliot Spitzer said.

"There was a regularity and a frequency [to the money laundering] that was
startling," Spitzer told the Daily News in detailing the probe aimed at smashing
the scheme at Saratoga, Belmont and Aqueduct race tracks.

More NYRA employees could still be snared in the ongoing joint federal-state
probe, he revealed.

Spitzer said the busted clerks were all too willing to wash money - exchanging
large sums in small bills for fresh large bills - that undercover state troopers
told them were the proceeds of illicit drug transactions. In all, some $300,000
in loot was laundered at the betting windows by the troopers, he added.

The clerks allegedly pocketed a cut of 5% to 10% every time they made the swaps.

The NYRA called the alleged money laundering "isolated," and contended it has
"taken whatever steps necessary to ensure the integrity of our Thoroughbred
races and our pari-mutuel wagering operations."

But state prosecutors said wiretap evidence showed the money laundering was
likely going on for years. Investigators are also looking into the possibility
of involvement by major drug cartels as well as the mob.

Charged with multiple counts of attempted money laundering were Robert Lodati,
59, of Bayside, Queens; Robert Marshall, 60, of Malverne, L.I., and Joseph
Rabito, 59, of West Hempstead, L.I. A fourth indicted suspect has not yet been
arrested. Lodati was identified as chairman of the clerks union, and Marshall as
vice chairman.

The three were being held yesterday in Saratoga County Jail, a few miles from
the Saratoga track whose Thoroughbred season opens Wednesday. Spitzer and state
Racing and Wagering Board Chairman Michael Hoblock said the investigation did
not reveal any evidence of attempts to tamper with the outcome of races.

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 2001 Daily News, L.P.

                              883 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                 July 3, 1990, Tuesday, North Suncoast Edition

Millions seized in agency drug sting

SOURCE: Compiled from Wire Reports

SECTION: TAMPA BAY AND STATE; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 312 words

DATELINE: MIAMI



The Customs Service quietly accumulated $ 22-million in cash from drug
traffickers who thought undercover agents were laundering their profits in a
sting described Monday as the agency's   largest currency seizure.

    Customs Commissioner Carol Hallett displayed most of the confiscated money
Monday in bundles of $ 10 and $ 20 bills, spread along about 60 feet of banquet
tables. She said the cash had been destined for illegal wire transfers to the
Caribbean and Europe.

    The money was seized in Miami from couriers who picked up cash belonging to
Colombian cocaine traffickers and drove it to banks for depositing, she said.

    "This was a money-laundering operation of unprecedented proportions,"
Hallett said at a news conference.

    The Customs agency said a bank gave it the tip on the illegal money-
laundering. Under law, U.S. banks must report any cash transactions of more than
$ 10,000.

    Hallett declined to identify the bank or to reveal many details about the
13-month sting because the agency is continuing its investigation.

    Thirty-five undercover Customs agents connected with the multiagency money-
laundering investigation called Operation Greenback stepped in after the tip.

    The dealers collected money from street drug sales in their own counting
houses, then gave it to couriers, she said.

    The undercover agents received the money from the couriers, who left
cash-stuffed cars at prearranged spots for pickup.    She said the drug ring
involved Colombians and Cuban Americans working out of Miami, with connections
in New York.    The only person arrested so far was a driver.    Customs
officials said they expect more arrests in the case.

 The Associated Press and Reuters contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: TAMPA BAY AND STATE

                            Times Publishing Company

                              884 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 2, 2016 Tuesday

Former Mohegan Sun Employee Charged With Money Laundering Conspiracy

LENGTH: 532  words

DATELINE: New York



 Office for the United States Attorneys, Middle District of Pennsylvania has
issued the following news release:



  The United States Attorney's Office for the Middle District of Pennsylvania
announced today that a former employee of the Mohegan Sun Casino at Pocono Downs
has been charged with engaging in a money laundering conspiracy.





 According to United States Attorney Peter Smith, Rochelle Poszeluznyj, age 38,
of Kingston, is charged in a Criminal Information filed today in United States
District Court in Scranton with Conspiracy to Commit Money Laundering.  The
Criminal Information charges Poszeluznyj with conspiring with Robert Pellegrini
and Mark Heltzel, to defraud the Mohegan Sun Casino by engaging in a money
laundering scheme involving the use of stolen names and PINs (personal
identification numbers) that were tied to players' loyalty club cards.



 It is alleged that while employed as a cocktail waitress at the casino,
Poszeluznyj had access to the names and PINs of casino players as she served
them beverages.  Poszeluznyj stole the names and PINs of those players and
provided them to Pellegrini, who then used the stolen information to create
duplicate player club cards.  Pellegrini then loaded the duplicate cards with
"free play" credits and provided them to Heltzel to gamble with, primarily at
poker slot machines.  The scheme began in May 2014 and continued to April 2015,
netting the defendants winnings in the approximate amount of $422,147.



 The Criminal Information was filed pursuant to a plea agreement with
Poszeluznyj.  The agreement is subject to approval by the court.  No date has
been scheduled as yet for the entry of Poszeluznyj's guilty plea.



 Pellegrini and Heltzel were indicted by a grand jury in Scranton on April 19,
2016 and charged with conspiracy to commit money laundering, access device fraud
and aggravated identity theft.  Those charges remain pending.



 The charges stem from an investigation by the Internal Revenue Service
Investigations and the Pennsylvania State Police.  Prosecution is assigned to
Assistant United States Attorney Michelle Olshefski.



 Indictments and Criminal Informations are only allegations. All persons charged
are presumed to be innocent unless and until found guilty in court.



 A sentence following a finding of guilty is imposed by the Judge after
consideration of the applicable federal sentencing statutes and the Federal
Sentencing Guidelines.  The maximum sentence for Conspiracy to Commit Money
Laundering is up to 20 years imprisonment and a $500,000 fine.  Under the
Federal Sentencing Guidelines, the Judge is also required to consider and weigh
a number of factors, including the nature, circumstances and seriousness of the
offense; the history and characteristics of the defendant; and the need to
punish the defendant, protect the public and provide for the defendant's
educational, vocational and medical needs. For these reasons, the statutory
maximum penalty for the offense is not an accurate indicator of the potential
sentence for a specific defendant.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              885 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 2, 2016 Tuesday

Former Mohegan Sun Employee Charged With Money Laundering Conspiracy

LENGTH: 532  words

DATELINE: New York



 Office for the United States Attorneys, Middle District of Pennsylvania has
issued the following news release:



  The United States Attorney's Office for the Middle District of Pennsylvania
announced today that a former employee of the Mohegan Sun Casino at Pocono Downs
has been charged with engaging in a money laundering conspiracy.





 According to United States Attorney Peter Smith, Rochelle Poszeluznyj, age 38,
of Kingston, is charged in a Criminal Information filed today in United States
District Court in Scranton with Conspiracy to Commit Money Laundering.  The
Criminal Information charges Poszeluznyj with conspiring with Robert Pellegrini
and Mark Heltzel, to defraud the Mohegan Sun Casino by engaging in a money
laundering scheme involving the use of stolen names and PINs (personal
identification numbers) that were tied to players' loyalty club cards.



 It is alleged that while employed as a cocktail waitress at the casino,
Poszeluznyj had access to the names and PINs of casino players as she served
them beverages.  Poszeluznyj stole the names and PINs of those players and
provided them to Pellegrini, who then used the stolen information to create
duplicate player club cards.  Pellegrini then loaded the duplicate cards with
"free play" credits and provided them to Heltzel to gamble with, primarily at
poker slot machines.  The scheme began in May 2014 and continued to April 2015,
netting the defendants winnings in the approximate amount of $422,147.



 The Criminal Information was filed pursuant to a plea agreement with
Poszeluznyj.  The agreement is subject to approval by the court.  No date has
been scheduled as yet for the entry of Poszeluznyj's guilty plea.



 Pellegrini and Heltzel were indicted by a grand jury in Scranton on April 19,
2016 and charged with conspiracy to commit money laundering, access device fraud
and aggravated identity theft.  Those charges remain pending.



 The charges stem from an investigation by the Internal Revenue Service
Investigations and the Pennsylvania State Police.  Prosecution is assigned to
Assistant United States Attorney Michelle Olshefski.



 Indictments and Criminal Informations are only allegations. All persons charged
are presumed to be innocent unless and until found guilty in court.



 A sentence following a finding of guilty is imposed by the Judge after
consideration of the applicable federal sentencing statutes and the Federal
Sentencing Guidelines.  The maximum sentence for Conspiracy to Commit Money
Laundering is up to 20 years imprisonment and a $500,000 fine.  Under the
Federal Sentencing Guidelines, the Judge is also required to consider and weigh
a number of factors, including the nature, circumstances and seriousness of the
offense; the history and characteristics of the defendant; and the need to
punish the defendant, protect the public and provide for the defendant's
educational, vocational and medical needs. For these reasons, the statutory
maximum penalty for the offense is not an accurate indicator of the potential
sentence for a specific defendant.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              886 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 30, 2015 Monday

Arizona: Former Federal Agents Charged with Bitcoin Money Laundering and Wire
Fraud

LENGTH: 813  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Justice has issued the following news releae:

Two former federal agents have been charged with wire fraud, money laundering
and related offenses for stealing digital currency during their investigation of
the Silk Road, an underground black market that allowed users to conduct illegal
transactions over the Internet. The charges are contained in a federal criminal
complaint issued on March 25, 2015, in the Northern District of California and
unsealed today.

Assistant Attorney General Leslie R. Caldwell of the Justice Department's
Criminal Division, U.S. Attorney Melinda Haag of the Northern District of
California, Special Agent in Charge David J. Johnson of the FBI's San Francisco
Division, Special Agent in Charge José M. Martinez of the Internal Revenue
Service-Criminal Investigation's (IRS-CI) San Francisco Division, Special Agent
in Charge Michael P. Tompkins of the Justice Department's Office of the
Inspector General Washington Field Office and Special Agent in Charge Lori
Hazenstab of the Department of Homeland Security's Office of the Inspector
General in Washington D.C. made the announcement.

Carl M. Force, 46, of Baltimore, was a Special Agent with the Drug Enforcement
Administration (DEA), and Shaun W. Bridges, 32, of Laurel, Maryland, was a
Special Agent with the U.S. Secret Service (USSS). Both were assigned to the
Baltimore Silk Road Task Force, which investigated illegal activity in the Silk
Road marketplace. Force served as an undercover agent and was tasked with
establishing communications with a target of the investigation, Ross Ulbricht,
aka "Dread Pirate Roberts." Force is charged with wire fraud, theft of
government property, money laundering and conflict of interest. Bridges is
charged with wire fraud and money laundering.

According to the complaint, Force was a DEA agent assigned to investigate the
Silk Road marketplace. During the investigation, Force engaged in certain
authorized undercover operations by, among other things, communicating online
with "Dread Pirate Roberts" (Ulbricht), the target of his investigation. The
complaint alleges, however, that Force then, without authority, developed
additional online personas and engaged in a broad range of illegal activities
calculated to bring him personal financial gain. In doing so, the complaint
alleges, Force used fake online personas, and engaged in complex Bitcoin
transactions to steal from the government and the targets of the investigation.
Specifically, Force allegedly solicited and received digital currency as part of
the investigation, but failed to report his receipt of the funds, and instead
transferred the currency to his personal account. In one such transaction, Force
allegedly sold information about the government's investigation to the target of
the investigation. The complaint also alleges that Force invested in and worked
for a digital currency exchange company while still working for the DEA, and
that he directed the company to freeze a customer's account with no legal basis
to do so, then transferred the customer's funds to his personal account.
Further, Force allegedly sent an unauthorized Justice Department subpoena to an
online payment service directing that it unfreeze his personal account.

Bridges allegedly diverted to his personal account over $800,000 in digital
currency that he gained control of during the Silk Road investigation. The
complaint alleges that Bridges placed the assets into an account at Mt. Gox, the
now-defunct digital currency exchange in Japan. He then allegedly wired funds
into one of his personal investment accounts in the United States mere days
before he sought a $2.1 million seizure warrant for Mt. Gox's accounts.

Bridges self-surrendered today and will appear before Magistrate Judge
Maria-Elena James of the Northern District of California at 9:30 a.m. PST this
morning. Force was arrested on Friday, March 27, 2015, in Baltimore and will
appear before Magistrate Judge Timothy J. Sullivan of the District of Maryland
at 2:30 p.m. EST today.

The charges contained in the complaint are merely accusations, and the
defendants are presumed innocent unless and until proven guilty.

The case was investigated by the FBI's San Francisco Division, the IRS-CI's San
Francisco Division, the Department of Justice Office of the Inspector General
and the Department of Homeland Security Office of the Inspector General in
Washington D.C. The Treasury Department's Financial Crimes Enforcement Network
also provided assistance with the investigation of this case. The case is being
prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorneys Kathryn Haun and William Frentzen of the
Northern District of California and Trial Attorney Richard B. Evans of the
Criminal Division's Public Integrity Section.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              887 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 30, 2015 Monday

Arizona: Former Federal Agents Charged With Bitcoin Money Laundering and Wire
Fraud

LENGTH: 818  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Justice has issued the following news releae:

Two former federal agents have been charged with wire fraud, money laundering
and related offenses for stealing digital currency during their investigation of
the Silk Road, an underground black market that allowed users to conduct illegal
transactions over the Internet.  The charges are contained in a federal criminal
complaint issued on March 25, 2015, in the Northern District of California and
unsealed today.

Assistant Attorney General Leslie R. Caldwell of the Justice Department's
Criminal Division, U.S. Attorney Melinda Haag of the Northern District of
California, Special Agent in Charge David J. Johnson of the FBI's San Francisco
Division, Special Agent in Charge José M. Martinez of the Internal Revenue
Service-Criminal Investigation's (IRS-CI) San Francisco Division, Special Agent
in Charge Michael P. Tompkins of the Justice Department's Office of the
Inspector General Washington Field Office and Special Agent in Charge Lori
Hazenstab of the Department of Homeland Security's Office of the Inspector
General in Washington D.C. made the announcement.

Carl M. Force, 46, of Baltimore, was a Special Agent with the Drug Enforcement
Administration (DEA), and Shaun W. Bridges, 32, of Laurel, Maryland, was a
Special Agent with the U.S. Secret Service (USSS).  Both were assigned to the
Baltimore Silk Road Task Force, which investigated illegal activity in the Silk
Road marketplace.  Force served as an undercover agent and was tasked with
establishing communications with a target of the investigation, Ross Ulbricht,
aka "Dread Pirate Roberts."  Force is charged with wire fraud, theft of
government property, money laundering and conflict of interest.  Bridges is
charged with wire fraud and money laundering.

According to the complaint, Force was a DEA agent assigned to investigate the
Silk Road marketplace.  During the investigation, Force engaged in certain
authorized undercover  operations by, among other things, communicating online
with "Dread Pirate Roberts" (Ulbricht), the target of his investigation.  The
complaint alleges, however, that Force then, without authority, developed
additional online personas and engaged in a broad range of illegal activities
calculated to bring him personal financial gain.  In doing so, the complaint
alleges, Force used fake online personas, and engaged in complex Bitcoin
transactions to steal from the government and the targets of the investigation.
Specifically, Force allegedly solicited and received digital currency as part of
the investigation, but failed to report his receipt of the funds, and instead
transferred the currency to his personal account.  In one such transaction,
Force allegedly sold information about the government's investigation to the
target of the investigation.  The complaint also alleges that Force invested in
and worked for a digital currency exchange company while still working for the
DEA, and that he directed the company to freeze a customer's account with no
legal basis to do so, then transferred the customer's funds to his personal
account.  Further, Force allegedly sent an unauthorized Justice Department
subpoena to an online payment service directing that it unfreeze his personal
account.

Bridges allegedly diverted to his personal account over $800,000 in digital
currency that he gained control of during the Silk Road investigation.  The
complaint alleges that Bridges placed the assets into an account at Mt. Gox, the
now-defunct digital currency exchange in Japan.  He then allegedly wired funds
into one of his personal investment accounts in the United States mere days
before he sought a $2.1 million seizure warrant for Mt. Gox's accounts.

Bridges self-surrendered today and will appear before Magistrate Judge
Maria-Elena James of the Northern District of California at 9:30 a.m. PST this
morning.  Force was arrested on Friday, March 27, 2015, in Baltimore and will
appear before Magistrate Judge Timothy J. Sullivan of the District of Maryland
at 2:30 p.m. EST today.

The charges contained in the complaint are merely accusations, and the
defendants are presumed innocent unless and until proven guilty.

The case was investigated by the FBI's San Francisco Division, the IRS-CI's San
Francisco Division, the Department of Justice Office of the Inspector General
and the Department of Homeland Security Office of the Inspector General in
Washington D.C.  The Treasury Department's Financial Crimes Enforcement Network
also provided assistance with the investigation of this case.  The case is being
prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorneys Kathryn Haun and William Frentzen of the
Northern District of California and Trial Attorney Richard B. Evans of the
Criminal Division's Public Integrity Section.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              888 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Palestine Herald-Press (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            March 27, 2013 Wednesday

Texas AG, County DA obtain guilty pleas in N. Texas illegal gambling scheme

BYLINE: Palestine Herald-Press, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 552 words


March 27--PALESTINE -- Texas Attorney General Greg Abbott and Anderson County
District Attorney Doug Lowe recently announced that senior executives with
Haltom City-based HEST Technologies Inc. have pleaded guilty to felony money
laundering and engaging in organized criminal activity.

The HEST Technologies headquarters was raided in August 2012 in a joint
operation led by the Texas Attorney General's Office, the Anderson County
Criminal District Attorney's Office, the Tarrant County Criminal District
Attorney's Office and the Dallas Police Department.

Appearing Friday before a state district judge in Anderson County, HEST
Technologies Inc., the corporation, pleaded guilty to engaging in organized
criminal activity for gambling offenses and was ordered to pay a $5,000 fine and
dissolve within one year.

HEST President Chris Canard pleaded guilty to money laundering and engaging in
organized criminal activity for gambling offenses and was ordered to pay a
$2,000 fine and serve five years of community supervision.

Robert Houchin Sr. also pleaded guilty to money laundering and engaging in
organized criminal activity for gambling offenses and was ordered to pay a
$2,000 fine and serve five years of community supervision.

Robert Houchin Jr. and Andrea Geist executed sworn statements admitting guilt of
the gambling offenses and entered into 12-month agreements requiring them to
avoid criminal activity.

Shannon Canard's plea agreement will be announced at a later date.

Under the plea agreements, all parties are barred from engaging in any gambling
operations in Texas for the life of their probation terms.

Further, multiple agreed asset forfeiture orders will be filed next week in
Tarrant County, resulting in the forfeiture of all HEST-owned equipment that was
seized from two Tarrant County offices in August, as well as nearly $1.5 million
in illegal gambling proceeds.

The proceeds will be distributed among the law enforcement agencies that
collaborated on the investigation.

HEST Technologies' promotional materials claimed that they develop "sweepstakes
promotional systems." However, the so-called "sweepstakes" systems actually
constituted an illegal lottery using gambling devices.

Friday's pleas and convictions follow recent nationwide activity targeting
illegal gambling operations using similar activity and actors. These include a
statewide raid in Florida, multiple convictions for gambling offenses in
Minnesota in a case involving a connection to HEST, and a decision by an Ohio
Court of Appeals upholding jury trial convictions for gambling offenses.

In addition to the Texas Attorney General's Office, the Tarrant and Anderson
County Criminal District Attorney's Offices and the Dallas Police Department,
the following agencies participated in the HEST investigation:

--Tarrant County Sheriff's Office

--U.S. Secret Service

--FBI's Dallas and Tyler offices

--Internal Revenue Service's office in Dallas

Assistance was also provided by the California Department of Justice, the
Massachusetts Attorney General's Office, the Massachusetts State Police and the
Virginia Commonwealth Attorney's Office in Virginia Beach.

___ (c)2013 the Palestine Herald-Press (Palestine, Texas) Visit the Palestine
Herald-Press (Palestine, Texas) at www.palestineherald.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: March 28, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20130327-PQ-Texas-AG-County-DA-obtain-guilty-pleas-in-N-Texas-illegal-gambling-s
cheme-0327-20130327

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PQ


                     Copyright 2013 Palestine Herald-Press

                              889 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Las Cruces Sun-News (New Mexico)

                             July 23, 2009 Thursday
                              Correction Appended

Polo couple plead guilty to fraud, money-laundering charges

BYLINE: By Ramon Bracamontes For the Sun-News

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 533 words


EL PASO - A prominent El Paso-Juárez dentist and his wife, widely known for
hosting charity events such as Polo with a Purpose on their polo field at La
Union, N.M., pleaded guilty Friday to fraud and money-laundering charges.

The couple, Dr. Raul Villalobos and Elizabeth Villalobos, also agreed to pay
$1.4 million in restitution to the U.S. insurance companies they were accused of
overbilling and double-billing for work done by them on U.S. patients at a
Juárez clinic, court records show.

The couple were arrested in 2007 by the FBI.

Raul Villalobos pleaded guilty to mail fraud, money laundering and making false
statements. In exchange for the plea, eight other charges against him were
dropped.

His wife pleaded guilty to money laundering and tax fraud. In exchange for the
plea, nine charges against her were dropped.

The couple agreed to sell their polo field in La Union and possibly their home
in El Paso to make the restitution, court records show.

They remain free on bond and will be sentenced later. They face up to 20 years
in prison.

Neither the Villaloboses nor their lawyers could be reached for comment.

The plea agreement filed in federal court states that the FBI began
investigating the Villalobos' billing procedures in the mid-1990s after two
insurance companies complained that they were receiving bills for services not
performed.

By 2003, five insurance companies had provided dental claim records to
authorities, records show.

"All five insurance companies found discrepancies in the billings submitted by
R. Villalobos including unusual numbers of certain procedures, patients
complaining of being charged for visits they did not make and undated X-rays not
matching the procedures billed," court records state.

In El Paso, Raul Villalobos is best known for his polo field and polo events
that draw national publicity. He opened the Tarahumara Polo Field in 1993.

The prominence of the sport in El Paso has grown in the past decade in part
because of the participation of actor Tommy Lee Jones, who owns a polo team and
is a friend of the Villalobos family, according to previous reports.

Jones has been a guest of the Villalobos family at various Polo with a Purpose
matches. The polo match is an annual fundraiser for the El Paso chapter of the
American Cancer Society.

The charity event has raised as much as $60,000 in past years for the cancer
society, according to previous reports.

Raul Villalobos opened his dentist office in Juárez in 1979. His wife runs the
office, according to records.

Raul Villalobos is a 1966 graduate of Texas Western College, now the University
of Texas at El Paso. He also graduated from Jesuit High School in El Paso.

He became a dentist after graduating from the National Autonomous University of
Mexico, but court documents allege that he is not licensed to practice.

Raul Villalobos is internationally known as an expert in implant dentistry and
laser technology. He has lectured throughout Europe and South America at the
invitation of the International Dental Association.

Ramon Bracamontes writes for the El Paso Times, a member of the Texas-New Mexico
Newspapers Partnership, and can be reached at rbracamontes@elpasotimes.com;
(915) 546-6142.

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: July 24, 2009 Friday



CORRECTION: A story on 5A Thursday should have said that an El Paso couple, who
once owned a La Union polo field, pleaded guilty in April to fraud and money-
laundering charges.

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2009 Las Cruces Sun-News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved

                              890 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                           October 13, 2016 Thursday
                                   1 Edition

Plea deal brings 15-year sentence

BYLINE: By, For the Headlight

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A5

LENGTH: 508 words


ALBUQUERQUE - Oscar García, 46, a Mexican national illegally in the United
States, pled guilty Friday, Oct. 7, in federal court in Las Cruces to
methamphetamine trafficking and money laundering charges.

At the time he committed the crimes to which he pleaded guilty, García was in
Oklahoma state custody serving a prison sentence on an unrelated-drug
trafficking conviction. Under the terms of his plea agreement, García will be
sentenced to 180 months in prison. He will be deported after completing his
prison sentence.

García was charged together with co-defendants Leslie Frank Williams, 52, Andy
Garcia, 43, and Domingo Rodriguez, 46, all of Deming, and Estella Aguilar, 44,
of Tucson, Arizona, in a nine-count indictment filed in April 2016.

The indictment alleged that the five co-defendants conspired to distribute
methamphetamine from July 2015 through April 2016.

It also charged Williams with distributing methamphetamine on four occasions
between January 2015 and September 2015; Williams and Rodriguez with
distributing methamphetamine in November 2015; and Rodriguez, Oscar García and
Andy Garcia with possessing methamphetamine with intent to distribute in January
2016.

The indictment also charged Rodriguez, Oscar García and Aguilar with conspiring
to commit money laundering offenses in Feb. 10, 2016; and Aguilar with
committing a money laundering offense on Feb. 10, 2016.

According to the indictment, the crimes took place in Luna County, N.M. The
indictment included forfeiture allegations seeking forfeiture of $1,000,000 in
drug proceeds to the United States.

On Oct. 7, 2016, Oscar García pled guilty to a felony information charging him
with conspiracy to possess methamphetamine with intent to distribute and money
laundering. In entering the guilty plea, Oscar García admitted that from June
2015 through May 2016, he used a cell phone from his prison cell in Oklahoma, to
facilitate the distribution of approximately 4.5 kilograms of methamphetamine.
Oscar García further admitted that from Feb. 8, 2016 to Feb. 10, 2016, he
arranged for a person to travel from Arizona to Deming to pick up drug proceeds
and to deliver the money to a co-conspirator. Oscar García remains in custody
pending a sentencing hearing.

To date, three other defendants have entered guilty pleas. Andy Garcia pled
guilty on Oct. 5, 2016. Under the terms of his plea agreement, Andy Garcia will
be sentenced to 10 years in prison. Rodriguez entered a guilty plea on Sept. 13,
2016, and Williams entered a guilty plea on Sept. 20, 2016. Sentencing hearings
for these three defendants have yet to be scheduled.

Aguilar has entered a plea of not guilty to the indictment. Charges in
indictments are merely accusations and defendants are presumed innocent unless
found guilty beyond a reasonable doubt.

This case was investigated by the Deming office of Homeland Security
Investigations and the Luna County Sheriff's Office. Assistant U.S. Attorneys
Mark A. Saltman and Dustin C. Segovia of the U.S. Attorney's Las Cruces Branch
Office are prosecuting the case.

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: dnm


                        Copyright 2016 Deming Headlight
                              All Rights Reserved

                              891 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Monitor (McAllen, Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            November 4, 2013 Monday

Former Hidalgo County constable's candidate charged with money laundering

BYLINE: Ildefonso Ortiz, The Monitor, McAllen, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 315 words


Nov. 04--MCALLEN -- A former lawman and Hidalgo County constable's candidate
once again found himself behind bars following his arrest by federal authorities
over the weekend.

Roberto Ricardo "Bobby" Maldonado was arrested Friday by federal authorities for
charges stemming from a 2012 cash seizure of $1,068,000, court records show.

Wearing a pink plaid shirt with disheveled hair and a day-old beard, Maldonado
went before U.S. Magistrate Judge Peter Ormsby, who told him he was charged with
money laundering and ordered he be held without bond pending a detention hearing
later this week.

The new federal charges against Maldonado remain sealed; however, according to
Ormsby, they stem from his arrest in Victoria in February 2012, when a Texas
state trooper pulled him over along U.S. Highway 59 and a K-9 led the trooper to
the trunk of his Chrysler 200, where authorities found more than $1 million in
cash bundles.

Although Maldonado was arrested during a traffic stop, he had been the target of
a lengthy federal investigation for his alleged dealings with a Mexican drug
cartel, from which some of the money was funneled into his unsuccessful
political bid for constable and other pachangas.

Monitor archives show that federal agents had followed Maldonado to South
Carolina where he was suspected of picking up the money but they lost track of
him near Houston. The agents asked for help from other agencies leading to the
traffic stop.

Soon after his arrest in Victoria, federal agents swooped in to Maldonado's
lakeside mansion in the 3000 block of Mile 12 North. While it is unclear if
authorities made any seizures at the time, agent found a number of exotic
animals including buffaloes, kangaroos and others inside the property.

iortiz@themonitor.com

___ (c)2013 The Monitor (McAllen, Texas) Visit The Monitor (McAllen, Texas) at
www.themonitor.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20131104-MC-Former-Hidalgo-County-constable-s-candidate-charged-with-money-
laundering-1104-20131104

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MC


                           Copyright 2013 The Monitor

                              892 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  March 5, 1991, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

Convicted Bank Agrees to Divestiture Plan

BYLINE: By DEAN BAQUET

SECTION: Section D; Page 8; Column 4; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 591 words


The Bank of Commerce and Credit International, a worldwide bank convicted of
money-laundering, agreed yesterday with the Federal Reserve Board to divest
itself of whatever stake it has in the biggest bank in Washington.

B.C.C.I., which is based in Luxembourg, refused again yesterday to publicly
disclose what share -- if any -- it had in the Washington bank, First American
Bankshares Inc. which has about $11 billion in assets and branches in Virginia,
Maryland, and other states. A grand jury in New York City is trying to determine
whether B.C.C.I., through a series of complex loans to some of First American's
shareholders and other transactions, secretly controls First American stock. Law
enforcement officials said the Fed had referred information to the Justice
Department about the bank's possible control of First American.

Closing U.S. Offices

The bank also said it planned to close its last two offices in the United
States, as part of the agreement with the Federal Reserve. This would
effectively eliminate a presence in the United States for the bank, which
operated in 68 countries, including the United States, and had assets of $19.2
billion.

The Manhattan District Attorney, Robert M. Morgenthau, who is running the
criminal investigation, said he took the divestiture as an admission that the
bank held a major share of First American.

"If they're going to divest themselves, it means they have something to divest,"
Mr. Morgenthau said. "It means, in effect, that they're now out of the country."

But the bank would say only that it had financed some of First American's
owners, and that some of these loans might not be current, which would allow
B.C.C.I. to seize First American shares apparently pledged as collateral for the
loans. Through its Washington lawyer, Caffey Norman, the bank declined comment
on its precise relationship with First American.

Laundered Noriega Money

Last year B.C.C.I. admitted laundering millions for Gen. Manuel Antonio Noriega,
the deposed ruler of Panama. Federal and state law enforcement officials in New
York City and Florida said they were looking into allegations that one of the
bank's main businesses was laundering money for arms and drug dealers.

The investigations have taken on a political cast with complaints that First
American had previously escaped the scrutiny of regulators and investigators
because of its political connections. Its chairman is Clark M. Clifford, a
former Presidential adviser and a respected figure in Washington.

The divestiture agreement was worked out among B.C.C.I.'s board, the Federal
Reserve, and Jill M. Considine, New York State Superintendent of Banks. Within
60 days, the bank must give the Federal Reserve a plan to get rid of any First
American stock it has. Within 30 days, the company agreed that it would lay out
its plans to close its New York City and Los Angeles offices.

Agrees to Cooperate

The agreement also calls for the bank to cooperate with investigations of its
relationship to First American.

The timing of any acquisition of First American shares by B.C.C.I. is a crucial
question in the grand jury investigation. In 1981, Mr. Clifford assured
skeptical regulators that the bank would have no stake in First American and
that he would have total authority to control the Washington bank as its
chairman.

Mr. Clifford has declined comment on the investigation.

In a press release, B.C.C.I. said it had decided on its own to close its
"unprofitable" American operations.

LOAD-DATE: March 5, 1991

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1991 The New York Times Company

                              893 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                          September 29, 2016 Thursday

Former Canadian Mountie Pleads Guilty to Money Laundering Charges Stemming from
a Conspiracy to Smuggle Narwhal Tusks

LENGTH: 672  words


A retired officer of the Royal Canadian Mounted Police pleaded guilty today to
10 money laundering offenses in the U.S. District Court for the District of
Maine, announced Assistant Attorney General John C. Cruden for the Justice
Departments Environment and Natural Resources Division.  Gregory R. Logan, 59,
of St. John, New Brunswick, was extradited to the United States on March 11.
Logan, who has been detained since his extradition, will remain in jail pending
his sentencing hearing before U.S. District Judge John A. Woodcock Jr. for the
District of Maine in Bangor, Maine.

Logan was indicted in the District of Maine in November 2012 and charged with
conspiracy, smuggling and money laundering.  All of the counts arose from Logans
scheme to smuggle narwhal tusks from Canada to the United States for sale to
American customers and transfer the proceeds of those sales back to Canada.
Logan was arrested in Canada, based on a request from the United States, in
December 2013.  Logan pleaded guilty to a related wildlife smuggling crime in
Canada and the terms of his extradition limited the case against him in the
United States to the money laundering offenses.  Also charged in the original
indictment was Andrew J. Zarauskas of Union, New Jersey.  Zarauskas was
convicted after a jury trial in Bangor and sentenced to 33 months in prison.

Narwhals are medium-sized toothed whales that are native to the Arctic.  They
are known for their distinctive ivory tusk which can grow to more than eight
feet in length.  Given the threats to their population, narwhals are protected
domestically by the Marine Mammal Protection Act and internationally by the
Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species of Wild Fauna and Flora
(CITES)  an international treaty to which more than 170 countries, including the
United States and Canada, are parties.  It is illegal to import narwhals, or
their parts, into the United States for commercial purposes.  Further, any
importation must be accompanied by a permit and must be declared to U.S. Customs
and Border Protection and the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service.

According to the indictment, Logan smuggled more than 250 narwhal tusks into the
United States between 2000 and 2010.  As part of the plea agreement, Logan
agreed that the market value of the narwhal tusks in this case was between $1.5
million and $3 million. Knowing that the tusks were illegal to bring into the
United States and sell, Logan transported them across the border in false
compartments in his vehicle and trailer.  Logan utilized a shipping store in
Ellsworth, Maine, to send the tusks to customers throughout the United States,
including Zarauskas and others.  Logan knew that his customers would re-sell the
tusks for a profit and in an attempt to increase that re-sale price, Logan would
occasionally provide fraudulent documentation claiming that the tusks had
originally belonged to a private collector in Maine who had acquired them
legally.

In addition to shipping the tusks from Maine, Logan maintained a post office box
the Ellsworth shipping store as well as an account at a bank in Bangor.  Logan
instructed his customers to send payment in the form of checks to the post
office box, or wire money directly to his Maine bank account.  Logan then
transported the money to Canada by having the shipping store forward his mail to
him in Canada, and by using an ATM card to withdraw money from his Maine bank
account at Canadian ATM machines.  At times, Logan also directed his customers
to send funds directly to him in Canada.

Logan faces a maximum sentence of 20 years imprisonment and a $500,000 fine, per
count of conviction.  The case was investigated by special agents of the
National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, Office of Law Enforcement; U.S.
Fish & Wildlife Service, Office of Law Enforcement; and Wildlife Officers from
Environment and Climate Change Canada.  The case is being prosecuted by Trial
Attorneys James B. Nelson and Lauren D. Steele. 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              894 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Veteran Investigator Charles Morley Turns Money Laundering Consultant

                             March 28, 1986, Friday


WHEN CHARLES H. Morley graduated from the University of aryland in 1965 with a
BS in accounting and finance, he thought he would try his hand at public
accounting.  That, he recalls, turned out to be ''the most boring thing I ever
did.''

So Mr. Morley made a career change. He moved to the Internal Revenue Service and
began working on financial investigations, a turn that eventually led him to the
Senate permanent subcommittee on investigations and its inquiry into the world
of drugs, banks, and money laundering.

Now Mr. Morley has made another career change, starting up a firm of his own:
the CGM Group in Arlington, Va. Having played a part in making the Bank Secrecy
Act -- the law aimed at halting money laundering -- something of a household
word among bankers, he is now trying to build a business on the statute,
offering consulting services and producing training films that show banks how to
stay out of trouble.

Considering the number of banks that have paid fines and faced criminal
penalties for violations of the law, he may have a hot product.

Mr. Morley first began investigating money laundering during the early days of
''Operation Greenback,'' the south Florida task force that first took aim at the
links between drug traffickers and banks.

In 1980, Mr. Morley changed course briefly, working as chief investigator for
the Senate Select Committee on Aging. When the committee chairmanship changed
hands that year, he was offered a similar post on the Senate permanent
subcommittee on investigations, a job that gave him an opportunity to look at
money laundering from both ends of the transaction.

''We conducted an investigation into child pornography, toxic waste dumping, and
commodities boiler room operations,'' he recalled. ''All of those investigations
lead to money laundering.''

After looking at some of the illicit activities that generated cash that was
ultimately laundered, the panel turned its attention to tax and secrecy havens:
nations whose strict privacy laws make sophisticated money laundering schemes
possible.

For drug smugglers, maintaining dummy corporations in the Netherlands Antilles
or other secrecy havens has many advantages. Once money is transported out of
the U.S. -- the first step in the money laundering process -- it must then be
converted into legal channels.

With a corporation chartered in a secrecy haven, the smuggler can simply have
the company pay the money back to him as salary. Or better yet, the money can be
''lent back'' to the drug trafficker. That way, the money is not taxed and the
smuggler can take tax deductions for the assumed interest payments.

But however sophisticated the offshore process, much of the work involved in
money laundering begins in the United States, with efforts to channel money into
institutions outside the view of the IRS.

''A big doper has to launder a couple of hundred thousand dollars a day, and
that is logistically difficult,'' said Mr. Morley.

If he runs it through financial institutions and a report is filed, the cash
will almost certainly come to the attention of authorities. That leaves him the
option of packing it into suitcases and loading it onto private airplanes for
the trip overseas.

Because physically transporting the cash is a cumbersome, high-risk operation,
drug traffickers would prefer to deposit the cash at their local bank, if they
could do so in secrecy, Mr. Morley said. He stressed the importance of the Bank
Secrecy Act.

''I've seen all sides of the issue, and I think the Bank Secrecy Act is
crucial,'' said Mr. Morley. ''You can sink 50 ships and the dope will still
flow. But if you stop the flow of money, you can shut them down.''

- Robert M. Garsson*$

SECTION: PEOPLE; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 622 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Picture, CHARLES MORLEY

                      Copyright 1986 American Banker, Inc.

                              895 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         The Age (Melbourne, Australia)

                           November 7, 2012 Wednesday
                                 Second Edition

Criminal charges loom for HSBC;
BANKING

BYLINE: MARK SCOTT

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 433 words


BRITISH bank HSBC Holdings acknowledged this week that its exposure to an
industry-wide money laundering investigation had swelled as it disclosed that it
could face criminal charges in the US.

With its legal liabilities rising, HSBC set aside an additional $US800 million
to cover potential fines stemming from the case, bringing its total to $US1.5
billion. The bank, negotiating a settlement with US authorities, is expected to
pay the largest fine on record for money laundering and related actions.

The trouble at HSBC comes amid a widespread crackdown by federal and state
authorities on the illegal movement of money. Officials are moving to choke off
the supply of US dollars to drug cartels and terrorist organisations.

Regulators and prosecutors are looking into whether foreign banks failed to
monitor cash transactions at American subsidiaries, allowing drug dealers and
terrorists to move tainted money. As well as scrutinising money-laundering
activities, they are investigating whether institutions skirted rules by
transferring money for nations subject to sanctions.

Over the past few years, the bulk of cases have focused on those sanction
violations.

The US Treasury Department reached a $US619 million settlement with ING Group in
June over such accusations. A couple of months later, British bank Standard
Chartered agreed to pay $US340 million to New York's top banking regulator,
which claimed the bank laundered hundreds of billions of dollars for Iran for
nearly a decade.

HSBC faces harsher scrutiny. Besides sanction violations, prosecutors are
considering criminal charges related to money laundering, according to several
law enforcement officials. It would be the first such case stemming from the
broad investigation.

"A lot of banks will likely have to respond if US authorities impose criminal
sanctions on HSBC," said Jimmy Gurule, an anti-money laundering expert at the
University of Notre Dame. "It could send shock waves through the financial
services industry."

This year, HSBC was thrust into the spotlight when the US Senate permanent
subcommittee on investigations accused the bank of exposing the US "financial
system to money laundering and terrorist financing risks".

The subcommittee claimed some bank executives were complicit in the activity,
ignoring warning signs and allowing illegal behaviour to continue unchecked from
2001 to 2010.

The Senate report found that HSBC's US operations provided at least $US1 billion
in financing to Al Rajhi. Senate investigators said HSBC also failed to
effectively monitor the bulk-cash businesses in Mexico. NEW YORK TIMES

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: HSBC is expected to pay the largest fine on record. PICTURE:
REUTERS

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 The Age Company Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              896 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             May 15, 2004 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Web Site Cites Bush-Riggs Link

BYLINE: Kathleen Day, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: Financial; E02

LENGTH: 346 words


A political Web site written by a Democratic operative drew attention yesterday
to the fact that President Bush's uncle, Jonathan J. Bush, is a top executive at
Riggs Bank, which this week agreed to pay a record $25 million in civil fines
for violations of law intended to thwart money laundering.

Jonathan Bush, who is a major fundraiser for his nephew, was appointed in 2000
to run Riggs Investment Management Co. His association with Riggs began when he
headed J. Bush & Co., a New Haven, Conn., company he created in 1970 and built
to offer advice on money management.

Riggs bought J. Bush & Co. in 1997  to help create a one-stop financial outlet
offering a range of services, from insurance to securities trading and
investment advice. News reports at the time said investment bankers estimated
the purchase price, which was not disclosed, as $5.5 million.

The headline posted yesterday on the Web site, www.davidsirota.com, reads,
"Bush's Uncle Is Executive At Bank Fined for Laundering Saudi Money."

Regulators have not charged the bank with money laundering, but they have
charged that Riggs failed to comply with laws that require banks to report to
law enforcement officials any suspicious transactions. Regulators have also said
the bank didn't take the required steps to prevent money laundering.

A Riggs spokesman could not be reached last evening. But a source familiar with
the multiple federal investigations of the bank's Saudi accounts and other
embassy accounts say Jonathan Bush's investment advice unit has "no relationship
whatsoever" with any of the Riggs's Saudi accounts.

A spokesman for the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, one of Riggs's
primary federal banking regulators, said any suggestion of political influence
in the Riggs situation is "preposterous."

"The White House and the Treasury have absolutely no say or influence over the
supervision or enforcement process," the spokesman, Robert M. Garsson, said.

Washington Post staff writer Thomas B. Edsall and staff researcher Alice R.
Crites contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2004 The Washington Post

                              897 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The Richmond Register (Kentucky)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            January 31, 2017 Tuesday

Tennessee man sentenced for trafficking, money laundering

BYLINE: Richmond Register, Ky.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 288 words


Jan. 31--A Tennessee man has been sentenced to 188 months in federal prison for
conspiring to distribute massive quantities of marijuana and cocaine in central
Kentucky and conspiring to launder approximately $1 million in drug proceeds,
according to a U.S. District Attorney's office release.

On Jan. 26, U.S. District Judge Karen Caldwell sentenced Benito Segura Tovar,
34, of Knoxville, Tenn. Under federal law, Tovar must serve at least 85 percent
of his prison sentence.

Segura Tovar admitted that he conspired with Edgar Villa Castaneda and Miguel
Salas, both of Lexington, and others to distribute more than five kilograms of
cocaine and more than 1,000 kilograms -- roughly 2,200 pounds -- of marijuana
between August 2014 and February 2015, the release noted. The cocaine was
supplied in part by Raul Garcia Valencia of Atlanta, Ga.

The defendants distributed the drugs in Tennessee, Georgia, and central
Kentucky, including Fayette, Madison and Montgomery Counties. Segura Tovar also
admitted that he, Villa Castaneda, and Salas conspired to launder more than $1
million in drug proceeds, according to the release.

Law enforcement seized approximately four kilograms of cocaine, 150 pounds of
marijuana, several firearms, and approximately $1 million in bulk cash during
the investigation, the release stated.

Villa Castaneda and Salas pleaded guilty last year. Villa Castaneda was
sentenced to 204 months' imprisonment; Salas was sentenced to 174 months'
imprisonment. Garcia Valencia was convicted at trial in June 2016 and sentenced
to 160 months' imprisonment.

___ (c)2017 the Richmond Register (Richmond, Ky.) Visit the Richmond Register
(Richmond, Ky.) at richmondregister.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency,
LLC.

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20170131-RP-Tennessee-man-sentenced-for-trafficking-money-laundering
-0131-20170131

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RP


                      Copyright 2017 The Richmond Register

                              898 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 27, 2016 Thursday

Washington: Canadian Man Pleads Guilty to Drug Trafficking and Money Laundering
Charges

LENGTH: 489 words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Department of Justice has issued the following news release:



 A Canadian man pleaded guilty today in U.S. District Court in Boston in
connection with his role in a drug trafficking and money laundering organization
that imported Canadian marijuana and MDMA, the club drug also known as "ecstasy"
or "mollie," into the United States.



 David Nguyen, 40, of Toronto, Canada, pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy
to distribute MDMA and marijuana and one count of money laundering conspiracy.
Nguyen was indicted in January 2014 and arrested in Canada in May 2014.  In July
2016, Nguyen was ordered to be extradited, and in October 2016, he temporarily
surrendered to the United States.  U.S. District Court Judge Denise J. Casper
scheduled sentencing for Dec. 19, 2016.


 From February 2010 to about March 2012, Nguyen conspired with others to move
MDMA and marijuana over the Canadian-U.S. border.  Nguyen and a Canadian
co-conspirator, Gurshuran Singh, recruited couriers to drive MDMA and marijuana
to Joshua Rabinovitch in  Salem, Mass.  Rabinovitch then sold the drugs in the
U.S. and returned the proceeds to Canada.

 In April 2012, Singh also recruited, Adeel Bhutta, to pick up $240,000 in drug
proceeds from Rabinovitch's sale of MDMA in Massachusetts.

 In July 2014, Bhutta was sentenced to 28 months in prison for his role in the
money laundering conspiracy.  In February 2015, Rabinovitch was sentenced to 24
months in prison for his role in the drug trafficking and money laundering
conspiracies.  In August 2016, Singh pleaded guilty to participating in the drug
and money laundering conspiracies and is scheduled to be sentenced on Dec. 7,
2016.

 The narcotics charge provides for a minimum mandatory sentence of five years
and no greater than 40 years in prison, a minimum of three years and up to a
lifetime of supervised release and a fine of $5 million.  The money laundering
charge provides for a sentence of no greater than 20 years in prison, three
years of supervised release and a fine of $500,000 or twice the gross gain or
loss, whichever is greater.  Actual sentences for federal crimes are typically
less than the maximum penalties.  Sentences are imposed by a federal district
court judge based upon the U.S. Sentencing Guidelines and other statutory
factors.

 United States Attorney Carmen M. Ortiz and Matthew Etre, Special Agent in
Charge of Homeland Security Investigations in Boston made the announcement
today.  The Department of Justice's Office of International Affairs provided
assistance in securing Nguyen's extradition to the United States.  Assistant
U.S. Attorneys Seth B. Kosto of Ortiz's Cybercrime Unit and Timothy E. Moran of
Ortiz's Organized Crime and Gang Unit are prosecuting the case.




 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              899 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 27, 2016 Thursday

Washington: Canadian Man Pleads Guilty to Drug Trafficking and Money Laundering
Charges

LENGTH: 489 words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Department of Justice has issued the following news release:



 A Canadian man pleaded guilty today in U.S. District Court in Boston in
connection with his role in a drug trafficking and money laundering organization
that imported Canadian marijuana and MDMA, the club drug also known as "ecstasy"
or "mollie," into the United States.



 David Nguyen, 40, of Toronto, Canada, pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy
to distribute MDMA and marijuana and one count of money laundering conspiracy.
Nguyen was indicted in January 2014 and arrested in Canada in May 2014.  In July
2016, Nguyen was ordered to be extradited, and in October 2016, he temporarily
surrendered to the United States.  U.S. District Court Judge Denise J. Casper
scheduled sentencing for Dec. 19, 2016.


 From February 2010 to about March 2012, Nguyen conspired with others to move
MDMA and marijuana over the Canadian-U.S. border.  Nguyen and a Canadian
co-conspirator, Gurshuran Singh, recruited couriers to drive MDMA and marijuana
to Joshua Rabinovitch in  Salem, Mass.  Rabinovitch then sold the drugs in the
U.S. and returned the proceeds to Canada.

 In April 2012, Singh also recruited, Adeel Bhutta, to pick up $240,000 in drug
proceeds from Rabinovitch's sale of MDMA in Massachusetts.

 In July 2014, Bhutta was sentenced to 28 months in prison for his role in the
money laundering conspiracy.  In February 2015, Rabinovitch was sentenced to 24
months in prison for his role in the drug trafficking and money laundering
conspiracies.  In August 2016, Singh pleaded guilty to participating in the drug
and money laundering conspiracies and is scheduled to be sentenced on Dec. 7,
2016.

 The narcotics charge provides for a minimum mandatory sentence of five years
and no greater than 40 years in prison, a minimum of three years and up to a
lifetime of supervised release and a fine of $5 million.  The money laundering
charge provides for a sentence of no greater than 20 years in prison, three
years of supervised release and a fine of $500,000 or twice the gross gain or
loss, whichever is greater.  Actual sentences for federal crimes are typically
less than the maximum penalties.  Sentences are imposed by a federal district
court judge based upon the U.S. Sentencing Guidelines and other statutory
factors.

 United States Attorney Carmen M. Ortiz and Matthew Etre, Special Agent in
Charge of Homeland Security Investigations in Boston made the announcement
today.  The Department of Justice's Office of International Affairs provided
assistance in securing Nguyen's extradition to the United States.  Assistant
U.S. Attorneys Seth B. Kosto of Ortiz's Cybercrime Unit and Timothy E. Moran of
Ortiz's Organized Crime and Gang Unit are prosecuting the case.




 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              900 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                          The Business Times Singapore

Brussels sues tobacco giant for money-laundering

                            November 1, 2002 Friday


BRUSSELS - The European Commission on Thursday sued tobacco giant RJ Reynolds
for money-laundering, in the latest salvo in a long-running case about alleged
cigarette smuggling involving organised crime and Iraq.

The new case is a "civil money-laundering action" against RJ Reynolds filed in
New York by the Commission and 10 members of the European Union, which are
seeking to recoup millions of dollars in tax revenues lost to contraband
tobacco.

From its headquarters in the southern US state of North Carolina, RJ Reynolds
dismissed the Commission action as "absurd."

"Any allegations that we were involved in, or aware of, money laundering,
conspiracy or other illegal acts are completely absured," the company said.

"We believe this suit should be dismissed, as were two other EU cases filed in
US court."

The fresh European move, initiated under the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt
Organisations (RICO) act, comes after the New York District Court threw out an
EU action against RJR, Philip Morris and Japan Tobacco in February.

SECTION: LATEST

LENGTH: 175 words

LOAD-DATE: November 7, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                Copyright 2002 Singapore Press Holdings Limited

                              901 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                June 28, 1986, Saturday, Late City Final Edition

RULING ON LAUNDERING

BYLINE: By ARNOLD H. LUBASCH

SECTION: Section 1; Page 36, Column 6; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 490 words


A Federal appeals court ruled yesterday that an employee could be convicted of
criminal charges for causing his brokerage firm to violate a law requiring
financial institutions to report transactions of more than $10,000.

The court affirmed the employee's conviction, although the law was directed
against financial institutions, not individuals. The decision, by the United
States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit, could make it easier to
prosecute cases of money laundering - the practice of disguising illegal or
unreported funds by transferring them through legitimate channels.

The Government has been increasingly active in recent months in bringing charges
against both financial institutions and individuals in money-laundering cases.
Just Thursday, for example, prosecutors brought dozens of charges against
Shearson Lehman Brothers, the securities firm, and a former employee in
Philadelphia, accusing them of having laundered proceeds from an illegal
gambling operation.

Judge Irving R. Kaufman wrote the 16-page decision with the concurrence of Judge
Roger J. Miner and Judge Ellsworth A. Van Graaffeiland. Judge Kaufman served as
chairman of the President's Commission on Organized Crime, which studied money
laundering.

Large Deposits Divided

The appellate case concerned deposits involving Alan Heyman, who was an account
executive with Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith. He was convicted of
dividing large deposits into smaller amounts so that the firm would not report
the deposits to the Internal Revenue Service.

Mr. Heyman carried out the scheme in 1982 when a husband and wife, Sam and
Evelyn Silber, brought a large cash deposit to Merrill Lynch, according to Judge
Kaufman's decision, which was issued in Manhattan.

''Having failed to report the cash as income to the Internal Revenue Service,
however,'' Judge Kaufman wrote, ''the Silbers also did not wish Merrill Lynch to
report the deposit to the I.R.S.''

To avoid filing a Currency Transaction Report with the I.R.S., as required for
an amount over $10,000, Mr. Heyman divided the deposit into several accounts
opened in the names of members of the Silber family, Judge Kaufman continued. He
said Mr. Heyman later divided another large deposit for them, with the total
exceeding $100,000.

Mr. Heyman, who was sentenced to three years of probation for violating the
currency-reporting law, appealed his conviction.

''Heyman himself had no legal responsibility to file Currency Transaction
Reports,'' Judge Kaufman said. ''By structuring his customers' deposits so that
no single transaction involved an amount greater than $10,000, however, Heyman
willfully caused Merrill Lynch to fail to file the appropriate Currency
Transaction Reports.''

''Had Merrill Lynch, a financial institution, structured the transactions as
Heyman did, it would have violated Federal law,'' the judge said. He ruled that
''Heyman is criminally liable.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company

                              902 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 31, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: 5 New Mexico residents charged with methamphetamine trafficking,
money laundering as result of an ICE-led multi-agency investigation

LENGTH: 676  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement has issued the following
news release:



 Five residents of Luna County, New Mexico, are facing federal narcotics
trafficking and money laundering charges as the result of a multi-agency
investigation led by U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement's (ICE) Homeland
Security Investigations (HSI).





 These charges against the five defendants are resulted from a multi-agency
investigation led by HSI into a Deming, New Mexico-based methamphetamine
trafficking organization allegedly led by Domingo Rodriguez.



 This investigation was designated as part of the Organized Crime Drug
Enforcement Task Force (OCDETF) program, a Department of Justice program that
combines the resources and unique expertise of federal agencies, along with
their local counterparts, in a coordinated effort to disrupt and dismantle major
drug trafficking organizations.  It included a series of methamphetamine
purchases by individuals working under the supervision of law enforcement
officers.  During the course of this investigation, law enforcement authorities
seized and purchased more than two pounds methamphetamine. They also seized more
than another pound of methamphetamine during a law enforcement operation
Thursday in Deming.



 The following five defendants are charged in a nine-count indictment alleging
methamphetamine trafficking and money laundering offenses:  Rodriguez, 45,
Leslie Frank Williams, 51, Oscar Garcia, 45, and Andy Garcia, 43, all residents
of Deming; and Estella Aguilar, 44, of Tucson, Arizona.



 All five defendants are charged with participating in a methamphetamine
trafficking conspiracy in Luna County between July 2015 and April 2016.
Williams is also charged with distributing quantities of methamphetamine on four
dates between July 2015 and Sept. 2015.  Williams and Rodriguez are charged with
distributing methamphetamine in November 2015. Further, Williams, Rodriguez and
Garcia are also charged with distributing methamphetamine in January 2016.



 Rodriguez, Oscar Garcia and Aguilar are charged with participating in a money
laundering conspiracy; and Rodriguez and Aguilar are also charged with a money
laundering offense.  The indictment includes forfeiture provisions seeking a
money judgment of $1 million, the sum allegedly derived from the drug
trafficking crimes alleged in the indictment.  Aguilar surrendered herself into
HSI special agents May 23 in Tucson, Arizona.



 Williams and Rodriguez were arrested Thursday. They made their initial
appearances in federal court Friday in Las Cruces, New Mexico. Oscar Garcia is
in state custody in Oklahoma, and Andy Garcia is in state custody in New Mexico
on unrelated charges.  Both will be transferred to federal custody to face the
charges in the indictment.  Aguilar has yet to be arrested and is considered a
fugitive.



 If convicted on the methamphetamine charges, each of the five defendants faces
a statutory mandatory minimum of 10 years and a maximum of life in prison. If
convicted on the money laundering charges, Rodriguez, Oscar Garcia and Aguilar
each face a statutory maximum penalty of 20 years in prison.



 This case was investigated by the following agencies and offices:  HSI Deming
and HSI Las Cruces, U.S. Customs and Border Protection's (CBP) Office of Border
Patrol (OBP) in Las Cruces and Deming, Luna and Grant counties (New Mexico)
Sheriff's Office, Deming and Silver City (New Mexico) police departments, New
Mexico High Intensity Drug Trafficking Areas (HIDTA) Intelligence Center, the El
Paso Intelligence Center (EPIC), ICE Enforcement Removal Operations (ERO), and
ICE Office of Intelligence and Analysis.



 Assistant U.S. Attorneys Mark A. Saltman and Dustin Segovia, District of New
Mexico's Las Cruces Branch Office, are prosecuting this case.



 Charges in indictments and complaints are merely accusations and defendants are
presumed innocent unless convicted in a court of law.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              903 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                  Toronto Star

                    March 13, 2003 Thursday Ontario Edition

Cash-laundering claim 'farcical': Miami Vice star

BYLINE: Jill Serjeant, REUTERS NEWS AGENCY

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A04

LENGTH: 473 words

HIGHLIGHT:
Reportedly found with billions Actor vows to fight allegations

Miami Vice star Don Johnson vowed yesterday to fight allegations he was
embroiled in a money laundering ring, saying news reports that have circulated
the world this week had caused him "irreparable damage," including the closing
of two bank accounts.

Johnson, 53, told Reuters in an interview that there was absolutely no truth in
a story originating in Germany that he was being investigated for money
laundering after $8 billion (U.S.) in cash, bonds and share certificates was
supposedly found in his car during a routine border stop last November.

The story, which Johnson called "ill-founded and farcical,l" was picked up by
newspapers and TV outlets around the world, prompting one American TV news
program to compare Johnson to Iraqi President Saddam Hussein.

"There is no truth to this story ... It has no merit, no foundation. They have
taken a routine incident and blown it up into this money laundering ring that
supposedly I am involved in, and it has caused me unbelievable difficulty.

"I have had two bank accounts closed. I'm in a new partnership in an investment
business and both of those bank accounts were closed today as a result of this
story," Johnson said in a telephone interview from his office in Beverly Hills.

Johnson, who said he was a frequent visitor to Europe, said his car was stopped
at the German border in November for a routine check after a meeting in Zurich
with business associates about a film financing project. Johnson was going to
Germany to look at a new Mercedes.

"They gave me some bank statements, some resumes, stuff like that to show they
could perform as investors. My assistant had them in a briefcase," he said.

Customs personnel asked to photocopy the documents. Johnson agreed, chatted and
signed autographs with them and was then allowed to go on his way. He said he
had not been contacted since either by German or U.S. authorities.

Johnson said he was hiring lawyers in Germany and considering legal action, but
feared the allegations would still dog him. "I don't know that I will ever be
able to clear my reputation and regain my credibility."

A German customs spokesman said yesterday there was no criminal investigation
under way into the documents found in Johnson's car.

Johnson, who also starred in the recent TV police series Nash Bridges, said he'd
learned to accept adverse media attention during his 30 year career.

"This is something different. It makes it very difficult for people to do
business with you because the perception is there that one time you were
involved in something shady.

"The only thing I can do is to deny these charges, show there is no truth in
them and let people know I am not going to sit idly back and be slandered and
accused of things that are beneath my character," he said.

"The gloves are off."


LOAD-DATE: March 13, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Mark Mainz/GETTY IMAGES Actor Don Johnson, seen in New York last May,
says "farcical" allegations that he was involved in a money laundering scheme
have caused him irreparable damage.

                  Copyright 2003 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.

                              904 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            December 5, 2014 Friday

El Paso business owner, 2 employees arrested in connection with $100M money-
laundering scheme

BYLINE: Aaron Martinez, El Paso Times, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 388 words


Dec. 05--An El Paso business owner and two of his employees were arrested on
Wednesday in connection with an estimated $100 million money-laundering scheme,
U.S. Department of Justice officials said.

Jose Luis Rodriguez, 52, the owner of ERENE, an El Paso-based business which
sells shoes and other goods, was arrested on suspicion of smuggling shoes into
Mexico from the United States in order to avoid paying tariffs, duties and fees
imposed by the Mexican government.

ERENE Assistant Manager Jorge Penuelas, 40, and employee Manuel Rodriguez, 53,
also were arrested in connection with the scheme, officials said.

ERENE would do business under several names including J&E Sports, Rise High
Skateshop, Quicken, Quicken Footwear & Accessories, Pepes Casual, Arise 915, and
Forward Footwear, officials said.

The alleged laundering scheme started in May 2007 when Jose Luis Rodriguez told
shoe suppliers that he would sell the products on a retail basis, officials
said. The shoe suppliers would then provide ERENE with millions of dollars worth
of goods. Once the supplies were given to Jose Luis Rodriguez, he allegedly used
smugglers to illegally take the products to Mexico.

The men would allegedly sell the shoes to Mexican wholesale companies and
launder the money through U.S. Postal money orders, officials said.

The three men were indicted on 61 counts of money laundering conspiracy,
smuggling goods from the United States, monetary transactions in property
derived from specified unlawful activity, conspiracy to commit mail and wire
fraud, mail fraud and wire fraud.

Federal and state law enforcement officials executed a search warrant on
Wednesday at various locations and seized about $600,000 from four bank accounts
affiliated with ERENE and Jose Luis Rodriguez, and 25,000 pairs of shoes worth
about $1,125,000, officials said.

Each money laundering conspiracy, mail and wire fraud conspiracy, mail fraud and
wire fraud charge carries a maximum penalty of 20 years in federal prison, while
the money laundering and smuggling charges carry a maximum of 10 years in
prison, officials said. The three men remain in federal custody.

Aaron Martinez may be reached at 546-6249.

___ (c)2014 the El Paso Times (El Paso, Texas) Visit the El Paso Times (El Paso,
Texas) at www.elpasotimes.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20141205-EY-El-Paso-business-owner-2-employees-arrested-in-connection-with-100M-
money-laundering-scheme-1205-20141205

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EY


                   Copyright 2014 El Paso Times (El Paso, TX)

                              905 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The Nation (Thailand)

                              June 2, 2015 Tuesday

@New screen S/C head;Citigroup to close its Banamex USA subsidiary

BYLINE: The Nation

LENGTH: 279 words


@BT New Screen/briefs Text - no indent;

@BY New Paper/Agency;Agence France-Presse

@BY New Dateline;NEW YORK

@BT New Screen/briefs Text - no indent;

Citigroup bank is expected to close the US unit of its Mexican banking
subsidiary Banamex after it was accused of weak money-laundering controls, The
Wall Street Journal has reported.

Based in Century City, California, Banamex USA specialises in #124moving money
across the US #124border into Mexico. The bank is undergoing probes related to
its anti-money laundering controls, people familiar with the matter told the
Journal.

Citigroup has raised the idea of closing Banamex with regulators as part of
discussions to settle the probes, the Journal said.

Though US authorities are not demanding Citigroup close Banamex, they want it to
pay $100 million (Bt3.3 billion) to settle the allegations, the Journal
reported.

"As we've previously said, Citi is fully cooperating with all inquiries into
Banamex USA's Bank Secrecy Act and anti-money laundering programme," Citigroup
spokeswoman Molly Meiners said in an e-mail.

Banamex USA currently has about $1 billion in assets and employs some 300
people.

The US Justice Department is also probing whether Banamex USA failed to alert
authorities to banking activity suspected to have involved drug-cartel members,
the Journal reported.

Banamex USA is the US banking arm of Banco Nacional de Mexico, a leading Mexican
bank Citi acquired in 2001.

Citigroup and Banamex USA additionally face inquiries from the Treasury
Department's Financial Crimes Enforcement Network and the California Department
of Business Oversight, according to the bank's current annual report to US
securities regulators.

LOAD-DATE: June 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 Nation News Network Co., Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              906 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Philadelphia Daily News

                            January 8, 2008 Tuesday
                                 4STAR Edition

N. Philly family faces trial in alleged money-laundering scheme

BYLINE: By KITTY CAPARELLA; caparek@phillynews.com 215-854-5880

SECTION: LOCAL; DN City & Local; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 450 words


German Quiles thought he could retire quietly in 2004 after 28 years as a
Municipal Court officer.

But yesterday, the 68-year-old North Philadelphia retiree was back in court - as
a defendant in an international money-laundering trial, which opened before U.S.
District Judge Jan E. DuBois.

Quiles; his wife, Maria, 50, and daughter Gloria, 26, are accused of laundering
$175,900 in "drug money" at Aruba Inc., an auto-tag service and check-cashing
agency that the Quiles family owned on 5th Street near Susquehanna Avenue.

The three are charged with conspiracy, money laundering, and aiding and
abetting. If convicted, they face forfeiture of $131,575 in property and jail
time.

Assistant U.S. Attorney Jennifer Chun vowed each of the defendants would
"implicate themselves on tapes" recorded by a confidential informant, with no
criminal history, who has been working for the feds for 20 years.

Defense attorney Jack McMahon Jr. dared the jury to find the informant, telling
his client, German Quiles, on the tapes: "This is drug money," even though he
admitted that his client had mentioned "money laundering" in a conversation.

McMahon portrayed Quiles as a family man born in Puerto Rico who came here at
age 6. After working in clothing and furniture stores, he won a 1968-1969 term
as a state representative, and later became a deputy sheriff for a year before
becoming a court officer.

An agent with Immigration and Customs Enforcement testified that he had been
tipped off about the alleged money laundering and provided the informant with
what was purported to be the "drug money" to be laundered between September 2006
and last January.

According to the government, the informant visited Aruba Inc. 35 times over 16
days. He obtained 83 money orders, four wire transfers to the Dominican Republic
totaling $6,000, and exchanged small bills for $100 bills 20 times. Aruba was
paid $9,800 in fees for these services.

In his opening, attorney Brian McMonagle told the jury that his client and
Quiles' wife of 26 years helped build the check-cashing and auto-tag business,
despite an affliction of lupus in 2000.

Maria was working behind a bulletproof glass barrier taking care of other
customers, while the informant was talking, McMonagle said. "Then you'll hear
this: 'And you know this is drug money.' "

"There isn't a response," he added, "from a person who has lived her whole life
in a good way."

Attorney John J. Griffin said Quiles' daughter Gloria, a former law student,
dropped out of school to help her parents.

Griffin urged the jury to listen to the "unintelligible" tapes and "give these
people a fair shot."

As Gloria wiped her tears, Griffin added: "This is every citizen's worst
nightmare." *

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved

                              907 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 BusinessWorld

                              May 16, 2006 Tuesday

Justice secretary orders probe on laundering charge vs Estrada

BYLINE: Ma. Eloisa I. Calderon

SECTION: Pg. S1/11

LENGTH: 386 words


Justice Secretary Raul M. Gonzalez yesterday ordered the National Bureau of
Investigation (NBI) to conduct a probe on the alleged laundering of P2.07
billion worth of government bonds and securities by deposed President Joseph E.
Estrada and his cronies shortly before his impeachment trial in 2000.

The Justice chief noted that the government could not just ignore the
allegations of former beauty queen Joelle Marie Henson Pelaez, who claimed that
the funds were laundered through the government-sequestered United Coconut
Planters Bank (UCPB) during Mr. Estrada's term.

Mr. Gonzalez tasked Acting NBI chief Nestor M. Mantaring to look into Ms.
Pelaez's claims and coordinate with the Anti-Money Laundering Council for a
possible money trail.

"The newspaper article contains the names of persons involved in laundering the
funds together with the amounts of securities traded. I am ordering you to
investigate these allegations, starting with all those names mentioned in the
article, in coordination with the Anti-Money Laundering Council and to submit
your regular update on your investigation to this Office," he said.

Mr. Gonzalez added that a newspaper report quoting the beauty titlist could have
some merit on the P4-billion plunder case against Mr. Estrada before the
Sandiganbayan.

"I think that story is worth looking into, considering the big amount involved.
It seems to jive with the plunder case in Sandiganbayan. It's a first-hand
story, it's very detailed, we can't just brush that aside," he told a press
briefing.

Ms. Pelaez, a second runner-up in the Binibining Pilipinas beauty contest in
1999, has identified San Miguel Corp. President Ramon Ang; UCPB officials
Lorenzo Tan (the bank's president at the time the alleged laundering took
place), chief executive Jeronimo Kilayko and vice- presidents Alfredo Bautista
and Rafael Bueno, Jr.; and alleged Estrada cronies Jaime Dichavez, Jimmy
Borromeo, and Robert Sobrepena as involved in the anomalous transactions.

The California-based beauty queen, who has acquired American citizenship, has
reportedly decided to file a P500-million lawsuit against those who allegedly
used her name in the money laundering activities.

Mr. Gonzalez said he might send an investigator to Los Angeles, California to
check the veracity of the information given by Ms. Pelaez.

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2006 BusinessWorld Publishing Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved

                              908 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                          January 12, 1994, Wednesday

U.S. trial of Tokars due Feb. 28 Plea agreement with key witness unsealed

BYLINE: By Bill Rankin STAFF WRITER

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS; Section D; Page 1

LENGTH: 378 words


The much-publicized federal racketeering case against Fredric Tokars is
scheduled to begin Feb. 28 in Birmingham, U.S. District Judge Orinda Evans ruled
Tuesday.

Tokars, charged with racketeering, money laundering and the murder- for-hire o f
his wife, Sara, will be tried with former Atlanta nightclub owner James Mason.
Others named in the sweeping indictment will be tried separately in Atlanta at a
later date.

Evans's order was published the same day a plea agreement with an expected ke y
witness in the case was unsealed by the government.

Andre Willis, 27, a cocaine trafficker who allegedly received money- laundering
advice from Tokars, has pleaded guilty and agreed to cooperate with federal
authorities in exchange for a reduced prison sentence.

If Willis had been convicted, he faced a mandatory life prison term, federal
prosecutors said.

Also on Tuesday, federal prosecutors said that, thanks to a television program,
the last co-defendant in the Tokars racketeering case, Alex Yancey, had been
arrested by U.S. Secret Service agents in San Francisco.

Yancey, charged with counterfeiting, was arrested on Dec. 22, a day after
"America's Most Wanted'' aired a segment on his disappearance.

A few hours after a viewer called the program, Yancey was found at Arrow
Delivery Service, where he worked as a bicycle courier.

In a hearing Tuesday before U.S. Magistrate John R. Strother Jr., Yancey was
ordered detained without bond until at least next Tuesday, when another hearing
is scheduled.

Assistant U.S. Attorney Buddy Parker told the judge that Yancey got in the
counterfeiting business because he couldn't pay off a one-kilogram cocaine deal
he had made in 1991 with Tokars co-defendant Eddie Lawrence. He also needed
money to make a movie, Parker said.

Yancey helped make more than $ 2 million in counterfeit bills, of which $ 13,000
to $ 15,000 was used, Secret Service Special Agent Bob Camp Jr. testified.

Counterfeit bills allegedly made by Yancey have been found over the past year in
New Orleans, Houston, Las Vegas and Los Angeles, Camp said.

Yancey, who had been sought by federal authorities for almost a year, fled
Atlanta after he was tipped off by Tokars that Secret Service agents were after
him, Parker testified.

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH940140085

GRAPHIC: Color Photo: Fredric Tokars

                    Copyright 1994 The Atlanta Constitution

                              909 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 2, 2014 Tuesday

Washington: Former Ohio Deputy Treasurer and Friend Sentenced for Roles in
Bribery and Money Laundering Scheme

LENGTH: 461  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

Ohio's former deputy treasurer and a Chicago businessman were sentenced to
federal prison today for their roles in a bribery and money laundering scheme
involving the Ohio Treasurer's Office.

Assistant Attorney General Leslie R. Caldwell of the Justice Department's
Criminal Division, First Assistant U.S. Attorney Mark T. D'Alessandro of the
Southern District of Ohio, Acting Special Agent in Charge John A. Barrios of the
FBI's Cincinnati Division and Attorney General Mike DeWine of Ohio made the
announcement.

Amer Ahmad, 40, and Joseph Chiavaroli, 34, both of Chicago, were sentenced today
by U.S. District Judge Michael H. Watson of the Southern District of Ohio to
serve 15 years in prison and 18 months in prison, respectively. Ahmad was
ordered to forfeit $3.2 million, and Chiavroli was ordered to forfeit $400,000.
Last year, Ahmad pleaded guilty to federal program bribery and conspiracy to
commit honest services wire fraud, federal program bribery and money laundering,
and Chiavaroli pleaded guilty to money laundering. Following his guilty plea,
former Deputy Treasurer Ahmad fled to Pakistan and was sentenced today in
absentia. He is currently in Pakistani custody pending an extradition request
from the United States government.

According to the defendants' admissions in connection with their guilty pleas,
from January 2009 through January 2011, Ahmad used his position as deputy
treasurer to direct official state of Ohio business to securities broker Douglas
E. Hampton in return for bribes. Ahmad and Chiavaroli concealed the payments
received from Hampton by passing them through the accounts of their landscaping
business. Hampton also funneled more than $123,000 to Mohammed Noure Alo, an
attorney and lobbyist who was Ahmad's close personal friend and business
associate. Over the course of the scheme, Hampton paid in excess of $500,000 in
bribes and received, in exchange, approximately $3.2 million in commissions for
360 securities trades on behalf of the Ohio Treasurer's Office.

Hampton and Alo were sentenced on Nov. 12, 2014, and Nov. 13, 2014, to 45 months
in prison and 48 months in prison, respectively, for their roles in the scheme.

The case was investigated by the FBI's Central Ohio Public Corruption Task
Force, which includes special agents from the FBI and the Ohio Bureau of
Criminal Investigation. The case is being prosecuted by Trial Attorneys Eric L.
Gibson and Menaka Kalaskar of the Criminal Division's Public Integrity Section
and Assistant U.S. Attorney Douglas W. Squires of the Southern District of Ohio.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              910 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                          January 12, 1994, Wednesday

METRO AND GEORGIA IN BRIEF Tokars federal trial set for Feb. 28

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Section D; Page 2

LENGTH: 765 words


ATLANTA: The federal racketeering case against Fredric Tokars is scheduled to
begin Feb. 28 in Birmingham, U.S. District Judge Orinda Evans ruled Tuesday.

Tokars, charged with racketeering, money laundering and the murder- for-hire of
his wife, Sara, will be tried with former Atlanta nightclub owner James Mason.
Evans's order was published the same day a plea agreement of an expected key
witness in the case was unsealed by the government. Andre Willis, 27, a cocaine
trafficker who allegedly received money laundering advice from Tokars, has
pleaded guilty and agreed to cooperate with federal authorities. If Willis had
been convicted, he faced a mandatory life prison term, federal prosecutors said.

Also on Tuesday, federal prosecutors said that, thanks to a nationally
syndicated television show, the last co-defendant in the Tokars racketeering
case, Alex Yancey, had been arrested by U.S. Secret Service agents in San
Francisco.

POLICE

ATLANTA: Deputy chief accused of harassment. Atlanta Deputy Chief Julius Derico
is being investigated for sexual harassment by the department's Office of
Professional Standards. "There has been an allegation of sexual harassment,"
acting Chief Beverly Harvard said. "Because I've not received the investigative
report yet, I'd rather not comment on any aspect [of the allegation] verbally
shared with me. Right now we've interviewed several people and I think we're in
the final stages of the investigation at this point." Derico, who commands the
department's Criminal Investigation Division, could not be reached for comment.
Harvard said the allegation surfaced two to three weeks ago and the
investigation forced the department to cancel Derico's attendance at a
three-month training course at the FBI Academy in Quantico, Va.

CHAMBLEE: Chief seeks retirement after 22 years. Chamblee Police Chief Reed
Miller has requested retirement after 22 years on the city's force, amid health
problems and allegations of sexual discrimination by a female police officer,
officials said Tuesday. Miller was recently hospitalized for "very high blood
pressure," according to Mayor Dub Brown. However, the mayor and Councilman Ronny
Richardson said the chief wasn't forced out. As for the discrimination
allegation, Richardson said it was "unsubstantiated." Miller could not be
reached for comment. Major Marc Johnson will be acting police chief, Brown said.

COLLEGE PARK: Second suspect named in cabbie's death. Police Tuesday released
the name of a second suspect in the Jan. 2 shooting death of a cabdriver. The
suspect, Lamassey Howard, 19, also known as "Stacy" and "Macy," who has
relatives in Decatur and College Park, faces a murder charge in the death of
Jessie Wesley, 43. Wesley was shot to death after he picked up Howard and
another man, Roderick Dorsey, 23, in East Point, authorities said. Dorsey is
being held on a murder charge. Howard has threatened to kill witnesses in the
case, and he is considered armed and dangerous, said Lt. Barry McWilliams.

DEVELOPMENT

FAYETTE COUNTY: Regional mall plans scrubbed. A metro Atlanta developer has
scrapped controversial plans to build a regional mall in Fayette County and
instead wants to put up a string of super-stores, such as Sports Authority and
Toys R Us. The Scott Hudgens Co. last year first proposed building an enclosed
mall. Bowing to public opposition, however, company officials later said they
would build a strip shopping center but still planned to build the mall
eventually. But during a meeting with Fayetteville planners Tuesday, Mark
Hudgens conceded "it is not a feasible idea."The latest proposal calls for about
30 stores on a 100- acre tract of land along Georgia 85 just north of the city.

ETC.

The second winner in Saturday's $ 2.1 million Lotto Georgia drawing is Clarence
July, 58, of Riverdale. July, a native of Jamaica, came forward Tuesday, a day
after Walter Presley of Powder Springs claimed his half of the jackpot. . . .
Former College Park Councilman Charles Phillips won his old seat back Tuesday
night, defeating incumbent Marjorie Dudley 149 to 128 in the Ward 4 runoff. . .
. Edith Hambie, a microbiologist with the Centers for Disease Control and
Prevention, was unanimously elected chairwoman of the Decatur School Board
Tuesday night. Lawyer Sara Turnipseed was unanimously elected vice chairwoman. .
. . William Flatt, dean of the College of Agriculture at the University of
Georgia for the past 13 years, is resigning his administrative position and
returning to teaching at the university.

From staff reports and news services

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH940140096

GRAPHIC: Photo: Lamassey Howard

                    Copyright 1994 The Atlanta Constitution

                              911 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               Laurel Leader, Md

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            March 24, 2016 Thursday

Laurel man faces 10-year sentence for cocaine distribution, money laundering
conspiracies

BYLINE: Andrew Michaels, Laurel Leader, Md.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 409 words


March 24--A Laurel man was sentenced to 10 years in prison Wednesday by U.S.
District Judge Paul Grimm for conspiring with others to possess with intent to
distribute cocaine and commit money laundering, according to the U.S. Attorney's
Office.

Mahmood Hussain, 31, will also face four years of supervised release following
his prison sentence. The sentence was announced in conjunction with the U.S.
Attorney's Office; the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives;
Prince George's County Police Department; the Maryland National Capital Park
Police; and Maryland State Police.

According to the plea agreement, provided by the U.S. Attorney's Office, Hussain
conspired with others -- including Marvin Anthony Taaff, 29, of Takoma Park --
from April 2013 through November 2013 to distribute powder and crack cocaine.
Hussain supplied drugs to a confidential informant and was later overheard by
law enforcement, sharing information of drug delivery, amount, transaction
locations and money involved.

During one encounter, according to the plea agreement, Hussain and Taaff talked
about cocaine that Taaff received and its "poor quality." Hussain was seen by
law enforcement officers as he retrieved the drugs to return to his supplier
before giving Taaff a refund. Police also heard Hussain tell Taaff that he
needed a gun after someone stole $1,000 from him.

Hussain was also directed by Taaff to deposit money into a bank account for the
drug purchase, the plea agreement states. The bank account was in the name of a
recruited individual, who withdrew the money upon direction from another
co-conspirator.

The plea agreement states that search warrants were executed in areas in Prince
George's County, Montgomery County and Tucson, Ariz., in connection to the
conspiracy. At Hussain's home in Laurel, law enforcement found drug packaging
materials and paraphernalia, approximately $1,261 in cash and $1,200 in
counterfeit currency, and 9.3 grams of crack cocaine.

Hussain later admitted that at least 500 grams of powder cocaine and 28 grams of
crack cocaine were distributed during his involvement, with at least $91,261
furnished in exchange for drugs.

Taaff previously pleaded guilty to his role in the conspiracy and is scheduled
for sentencing in April.

___ (c)2016 the Laurel Leader (Laurel, Md.) Visit the Laurel Leader (Laurel,
Md.) at www.baltimoresun.com/explore/howard/publications/laurel-leader/
Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20160324-1LL-Laurel-man-faces-10-year-sentence-for-cocaine-distribution-money-
laundering-conspiracies-0324-20160324

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1LL


                        Copyright 2016 Laurel Leader, Md

                              912 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                  The Observer

                                  July 14 1991

Business: The fall of BCCI

SECTION: Pg. 25

LENGTH: 377 words


1972 Pakistani banker Agha Hasan Abedi founds Bank of Credit & Commerce
International in Luxembourg.

1978 Abedi, assisted by disgraced former US budget director Bert Lance, attempts
to acquire Financial General Bankshares, a Washington bank. BCCI has 46 UK
branches and plans for 150 more.


1981 The Federal Reserve Board allows a group of Arab investors to acquire
Financial General. Abedi's lawyers, former US defence secretary Clark Clifford
and his partner Robert Altman, become chairman and president of the bank. They
assure regulators that it will remain independent of BCCI.

1985 BCCI reports a loss, later stated to be dollars 430million, from a
disastrous dollars 11million bet on US interest rates.

1988 A Senate sub-committee chaired by Massachusetts Democrat John Kerry
investigates BCCI's alleged money laundering activities and its relationship
with Panamanian dictator Manuel Noriega. An Internal Revenue Service 'sting'
operation lures BCCI executives to Tampa, Florida, where they and the bank are
indicted for offering money laundering services.

1990 BCCI pleads guilty to money laundering and is fined dollars 15million.
Seven BCCI executives and a Colombian businessman are convicted of money
laundering and jailed after trials in Florida and London. In April Sheikh Zayed,
Abu Dhabi's ruler, takes control of BCCI and injects dollars 1billion to cover
losses and recapitalisation. In October Abedi and Swaleh Naqvi, his right-hand
man, resign. Manhattan District Attorney Robert Morganthau gathers evidence that
BCCI covertly controls First American Bankshares' parent company.

1991 The Fed formally investigates the ownership of First American Bankshares
and makes two criminal referrals to the Justice Department. BCCI is ordered to
dispose of holdings in First American and Independence Bank of Encino,
California, which it also allegedly secretly controls. Sheikh Zayed works toward
cleaning up and recapitalising the bank. But on 5 July, acting on information
from Price Waterhouse, the Bank of England and authorities in Luxembourg, the
Caymans and elsewhere shut down most of BCCI's operations. It is reported from
Pakistan that Abedi, who has received a heart transplant, is about to open a new
bank.

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                   Copyright 1991 Guardian Newspapers Limited

                              913 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Ottawa Citizen

                          December 31, 2008 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Honey-laundering is sweet scam for criminals; Drums disguised to avoid safety
checks, fees on 'dumped' products

BYLINE: Chris Ayres, The Times, London

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A10

LENGTH: 500  words

DATELINE: LOS ANGELES


While scientists urgently investigate the sudden and inexplicable collapse of
bee colonies in the U.S. and Europe, "honey laundering" is taking over from
money laundering among international criminals.

As the name suggests, the scam involves disguising drums of honey from China by
selling them to a third party, usually a distributor in another part of the
world, then repackaging and re-exporting.

An investigation by the Seattle Post Intelligencer found that several tonnes of
Chinese honey have passed through ports in Tacoma, Washington, and Long Beach,
California, this year after being fraudulently repackaged as the product of
Russia.

Other shipments have been routed through India, Malaysia, Australia, Indonesia
and Thailand. In one particularly brazen case, drums of Chinese honey were
marked "Polish Light Amber Honey."

The elaborate subterfuge is to avoid health and safety checks, along with import
fees and other tariffs imposed by the U.S. and others on Chinese food products
"dumped" on the market at below cost of production.

Elise Gagnon, president of Odem International, one of North America's largest
honey importers, told the Intelli-gencer: "There are more crooks than ever, and
it has become a real nasty business out there. They gamble and almost none get
caught. So they keep corrupting the system."

The National Honey Board says the U.S. is one of the world's biggest honey
consumers, buying up to 450 million pounds each year. With retail prices
currently at $4.39 a pound, that makes the industry worth almost $2 billion
annually.

Before the sudden disappearance of bee colonies that began in 2006, a phenomenon
known as colony collapse disorder, the United States was able to produce almost
two thirds of the honey it consumed. Today that figure is closer to a third.

As harmless as honey laundering might sound, health officials say that unless
something is done, the problem could result in a repeat of the tainted baby milk
and pet food scandals.

The reason dates back to 1997, when Chinese beehives were almost wiped out by a
bacterial epidemic. Instead of destroying hives, beekeepers treated them with
chloramphenicol, a toxic antibiotic linked by the U.S. Food and Drug
Administration and other authorities around the world to aplastic anemia, a
serious blood disorder.

The practice has since been outlawed in China, but even today, some honey
remains tainted, and random checks on shipments are still carried out at U.S.
ports. Chloramphenicol is not the only problem with Chinese imports. Last year,
health officials in Florida found traces of two other antibiotics, ciprofloxacin
and enrofloxacin, in honey and blends of honey syrup from China.

Environmentalists believe finding a solution to colony collapse disorder is the
best way to stop Chinese honey imports, but some have accused the U.S.
Department of Agriculture of being too slow in committing funds to study the
phenomenon, the cause of which is suspected to be pesticides, pathogens or a
lack of genetic diversity.

LOAD-DATE: December 31, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2008 Ottawa Citizen, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication Inc.

                              All Rights Reserved

                              914 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 23, 2015 Friday

Arizona: Chief

LENGTH: 2817  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Justice has issued the following news release:

Chief
Criminal Division (CRM)
Asset Forfeiture and Money Laundering Section
Attorney
1400 New York Ave., NW
Washington, DC 20530
United States
15-CRM-SES-01
About the Office:

The Asset Forfeiture and Money Laundering Section provides centralized
management for the Department's asset forfeiture program to ensure its integrity
and maximize its law enforcement potential, while also providing managerial
direction to the Department's components in prosecuting money laundering. The
Section initiates, coordinates, and reviews legislative and policy proposals
impacting on the asset forfeiture program, money laundering enforcement, Bank
Secrecy Act and Kleptocracy.

The Section works with the entire spectrum of law enforcement and regulatory
agencies using an interagency, interdisciplinary and international approach. The
Section is mandated to: litigate complex, sensitive and multi-district cases;
coordinate multi-district investigations and prosecutions; provide guidance,
legal advice and assistance with respect to asset forfeiture and money
laundering investigations and prosecutions; develop regulatory and legislative
initiatives; ensure the uniform application of forfeiture and money laundering
statutes; and provide litigation assistance to U.S. Attorneys' Offices and
Criminal Division components.

The Section oversees asset forfeiture and money laundering training and conducts
seminars for federal prosecutors, investigating agents, and law enforcement
personnel. It also produces legal publications and training materials to enhance
its legal support functions.

The Section adjudicates all petitions for remission or mitigation of forfeited
assets in judicial forfeiture cases, administers the Weed and Seed Program and
the Equitable Sharing Program, and oversees the approval of the placement of
forfeited property into official use by federal agencies.
Job Description:

The Chief of AFMLS:

- Vigorously enforces money laundering, Bank Secrecy Act, and forfeiture laws;
supervises the work of attorneys assigned to matters requiring grand jury
presentations and trial; reviews proposed court orders and motions; renders
advice as to strategy and evidence problems; reviews appellate briefs; and
supervises, counsels, and advises attorneys in the trial of cases.

· Plans and supervises all policy and operational activities within the Section
and implements the Department's strategic planning for asset forfeiture and
money laundering goals.

· Proposes and reviews legislative initiatives and Department policies regarding
asset forfeiture, money laundering, and the Bank Secrecy Act; and assesses the
implications of proposed legislation on investigative operations.

· Improves procedures for obtaining oversight and assistance to the U.S.
Attorneys' forfeiture litigation; and provides legal advice, training, and
guidance on specialized aspects of money laundering, asset forfeiture, and the
Bank Secrecy Act to the U.S. Attorneys' Offices and investigative organizations.

· Consults with the Deputy Assistant Attorney General and the Assistant Attorney
General concerning legal and policy questions relating to statutes administered
by the Section and the status of important cases; reviews and approves a large
volume of general correspondence, legal opinions, authorizations, instructions,
and advisory materials that emanate from the Section; upon request, prepares
testimony for congressional committees; and participates in annual regional
international conferences to foster joint asset forfeiture investigations.

· Provides direct oversight over the allocation of two distinct financial
resources: the Division's general allocation and the money received from the
Assets Forfeiture Fund; strengthens internal controls for financial systems and
improves efficient and cost-effective fund management and accountability; and
streamlines Section operations and reporting hierarchies to ensure that the
Section's core competencies are results oriented and citizen-centered.

· Develops a comprehensive business plan for the Section which sets forth the
justification for resources and identifies areas for cost savings; acquires and
leverages needed fiscal and human resources to achieve results-oriented
outcomes; and develops budget enhancements that include both performance
measures and outcomes that reflect the Section's, Division's and Department's
strategic goals and objectives.

· Demonstrates a strong commitment and support for the Division's equal
employment policies and programs to enhance workforce diversity; and promotes
merit promotion principles in all aspects of personnel hiring, promotions,
training and development and employee retention.
Qualifications:

Interested applicants must possess a J.D. degree and be duly licensed and
authorized to practice as an attorney under the laws of any State, territory of
the United States, or the District of Columbia. Applicants must be an active
member of the bar (any jurisdiction) in good standing and have at least 5 years
post-J.D. experience. Applicants must also have a high level of
management/supervisory experience, proven leadership skill, significant trial
experience, and substantive knowledge in the areas of asset forfeiture, money
laundering, and/or other cases involving financial institutions.

Applicants must submit a resume and a separate narrative statement/response that
addresses each of the Mandatory Professional/Technical Qualification factors
related to this position as well as the Executive Core Qualifications (ECQs)
related to all positions in the Senior Executive Service.

OPM's Guide to Senior Executive Service Qualifications can assist you in writing
an effective SES application. In particular, please note the
Challenge-Context-Action-Result Model that is recommended and very helpful when
drafting ECQ narrative responses. The Guide is available on OPM's Website at:
http://www.opm.gov/policy-data-oversight/senior-executive-service/reference-mate
rials/guidetosesquals_2012.pdf

Mandatory Professional/Technical Qualification Requirements:

1. Experience in developing and prosecuting complex federal criminal and/or
asset forfeiture cases;

2. Thorough knowledge of federal regulatory and investigatory agencies, on-going
programs and key national goals and priorities relating to asset forfeiture and
money laundering;

3. Significant experience in supervising criminal and/or asset forfeiture cases
and reviewing the work product of attorneys; and

4. Ability to formulate and implement Departmental policies on all matters
pertaining to assigned areas.

Candidates will be evaluated on the mandatory Professional/Technical
Qualification Requirements identified above. If candidates are found to possess
all technical requirements, they will then be evaluated based on the Executive
Core Qualifications as established by the U.S. Office of Personnel Management
(OPM) outlined below.

Executive/Managerial Requirements:

ECQ 1 - LEADING CHANGE. This core qualification encompasses the ability to
develop and implement an organizational vision, which integrates key national
and program goals, priorities, values, and other factors. Inherent to it is the
ability to balance change and continuity to continually strive to improve
customer service and program performance within the basic Government framework,
to create a work environment that encourages creative thinking, and to maintain
focus, intensity and persistence, even under adversity.

o Leadership Competencies: Creativity & Innovation, Continual Learning, External
Awareness, Flexibility, Resilience, Service Motivation, Strategic Thinking,
Vision

ECQ 2 - LEADING PEOPLE. This core qualification involves the ability to design
and implement strategies, which maximize employee potential and foster high
ethical standards in meeting the organization's vision, mission, and goals.

o Leadership Competencies: Conflict Management, Cultural Awareness,
Integrity/Honesty, Team Building

ECQ 3 - RESULTS DRIVEN. This core qualification stresses accountability and
continuous improvement. It includes the ability to make timely and effective
decisions and produce results through strategic planning and the implementation
and evaluation of programs and policies.

o Leadership Competencies: Accountability, Customer Service, Decisiveness,
Entrepreneurship, Problem Solving, Technical Credibility

ECQ 4 - BUSINESS ACUMEN. This core qualification involves the ability to acquire
and administer human, financial, material, and information resources in a manner
which instills public trust and accomplishes the organization's mission, and to
use new technology to enhance decision making.

o Leadership Competencies: Financial Management, Technology Management, Human
Resources Management

ECQ 5 - BUILDING COALITIONS. This core qualification involves the ability to
explain, advocate and express facts and ideas in a convincing manner, and
negotiate with individuals and groups internally and externally. It also
involves the ability to develop an expansive professional network with other
organizations, and to identify the internal and external politics that impact
the work of the organization.

o Leadership Competencies: Influencing/Negotiating, Interpersonal Skills, Oral
Communication, Partnering, Political Savvy, Written Communication
Salary:
$121,956 to $183,300 SES pay is determined within the pay range, commensurate
with experience, superior leadership qualifications, and/or other competencies
consistent with the agency mission, contingent on Department pay-setting rules.
Travel:
Some travel required.
Application Process:

To receive consideration, applicants must submit:

1. A resume.

2. A separate statement addressing each of the Mandatory Professional/Technical
Qualification Requirements.

3. A separate statement addressing each ECQ that describes your managerial
experience. While individuals who are current or former career SES members
(approved by OPM and have completed an initial probationary period) need not
submit an Executive Core Qualifications statement, they are required to provide
an SF-50 or SES certificate to demonstrate their current or prior service.
Otherwise, the absence of ECQs will be identified as a failure to comply with
the requirements of the vacancy. Applicants must meet qualification requirements
by the closing date of the announcement.

4. If you are a current or recent Federal employee, you must submit a copy of
your latest Notification of Personnel Action (SF-50) and a performance appraisal
issued within the past 12 months, or if none exists, please include a statement
to that effect.

** Preference is to receive an application via e-mail at SES.CRMJOBS@USDOJ.GOV
Email links icon

Applications being mailed should be sent to*:

Department of Justice/Criminal Division
Human Capital Staff
1331 F. Street, NW
Suite 400
Washington, DC 20530
Attn: Monet Gregory

*As all incoming U.S. mail must be processed at a remote facility prior to final
delivery, to avoid delay in receipt, it is highly recommended that applicants
use Federal Express.

For additional information, please call:

CONTACT: Monet Gregory
CONTACT PHONE: 202-305-1620
E-MAIL: SES.CRMJOBS@USDOJ.GOV

Deadline Date: All applications (including mailed applications) MUST BE RECEIVED
BY 11:59 PM EST on Thursday, February 19, 2015.

Other Information: The managerial qualifications of a selectee who is not a
current or former career Senior Executive Service (SES) employee must be
approved by the Office of Personnel Management (OPM) before appointment. In
addition, individuals entering the SES career service for the first time are
subject to a one-year probationary period.

If the selectee is not a current employee of the Offices, Boards, or Divisions
of the U.S. Department of Justice, he/she will be required to submit to a
urinalysis to screen for illegal drug use prior to appointment.
Application Deadline:
Thursday, February 19, 2015
Relocation Expenses:
Relocation expenses are authorized.
Number of Positions:
1
Updated January 22, 2015

*         *         *
Department Policies

Equal Employment Opportunity:  The U.S. Department of Justice is an Equal
Opportunity/Reasonable Accommodation Employer.  Except where otherwise provided
by law, there will be no discrimination because of color, race, religion,
national origin, political affiliation, marital status, disability (physical or
mental), age, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, genetic information,
status as a parent, membership or non-membership in an employee organization, on
the basis of personal favoritism, or any other non-merit factor.  The Department
of Justice welcomes and encourages applications from persons with physical and
mental disabilities. The Department is firmly committed to satisfying its
affirmative obligations under the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, to ensure that
persons with disabilities have every opportunity to be hired and advanced on the
basis of merit within the Department of Justice.

Reasonable Accommodations:  This agency provides reasonable accommodation to
applicants with disabilities where appropriate. If you need a reasonable
accommodation for any part of the application and hiring process, please notify
the agency.  Determinations on requests for reasonable accommodation will be
made on a case-by-case basis.

Outreach and Recruitment for Qualified Applicants with Disabilities:   The
Department encourages qualified applicants with disabilities, including
individuals with targeted/severe disabilities to apply in response to posted
vacancy announcements.  Qualified applicants with targeted/severe disabilities
may be eligible for direct hire, non-competitive appointment under Schedule A (5
C.F.R. § 213.3102(u)) hiring authority.  Individuals with targeted/severe
disabilities are encouraged to register for the Office of Personnel Management
(OPM) Shared List of People with Disabilities (the Bender Disability Employment
Registry) by submitting their resume to resume@benderconsult.com
Email links icon
and referencing "Federal Career Opportunities" in the subject line.  Additional
information about the Bender Registry is available at www.benderconsult.com
[external link].  Individuals with disabilities may also contact one of the
Department's Disability Points of Contact (DPOC).  See list of DPOCs.

Suitability and Citizenship:  It is the policy of the Department to achieve a
drug-free workplace and persons selected for employment will be required to pass
a drug test which screens for illegal drug use prior to final appointment.
Employment is also contingent upon the completion and satisfactory adjudication
of a background investigation. Only U.S. citizens are eligible for employment
with the Executive Office for Immigration Review and the United States
Attorneys' Offices. Unless otherwise indicated in a particular job
advertisement, non-U.S. Citizens may apply for employment with other
organizations, but should be advised that appointments of non-U.S. Citizens are
extremely rare; such appointments would be possible only if necessary to
accomplish the Department's mission and would be subject to strict security
requirements.  Applicants who hold dual citizenship in the U.S. and another
country will be considered on a case-by-case basis.

Veterans:  There is no formal rating system for applying veterans' preference to
attorney appointments in the excepted service; however, the Department of
Justice considers veterans' preference eligibility as a positive factor in
attorney hiring. Applicants eligible for veterans' preference must include that
information in their cover letter or resume and attach supporting documentation
(e.g., the DD 214, Certificate of Release or Discharge from Active Duty and
other supporting documentation) to their submissions. Although the "point"
system is not used, per se, applicants eligible to claim 10-point preference
must submit Standard Form (SF) 15, Application for 10-Point Veteran Preference,
and submit the supporting documentation required for the specific type of
preference claimed (visit the OPM website, www.opm.gov/forms/pdf_fill/SF15.pdf
for a copy of SF 15, which lists the types of 10-point preferences and the
required supporting document(s). Applicants should note that SF 15 requires
supporting documentation associated with service- connected disabilities or
receipt of nonservice-connected disability pensions to be dated 1991 or later
except in the case of service members submitting official statements or
retirement orders from a branch of the Armed Forces showing that his  or her
retirement was due to a permanent service-connected disability or that he/she
was transferred to the permanent disability retired list (the statement or
retirement orders must indicate that the disability is 10% or more).

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              915 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The Journal-News (Hamilton, Ohio)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             May 13, 2015 Wednesday

Fairfield car dealer indicted on money laundering charges

BYLINE: Lauren Pack, Journal-News, Hamilton, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 364 words


May 13--CINCINNATI -- A West Chester Twp. man is facing federal charges in
connection to alleged illegal activity involving his Fairfield car dealership.

Bryan Barbarawi, 35, is charged with money laundering and filing a false
currency transaction, according to the indictment unsealed in U.S. district
court in Cincinnati. Barbarawi was taken into custody May 7.

The indictment alleges that since February 2011 Barbarawi owned and operated a
car dealership in Fairfield under the names Nationwide Credit Solutions, LLC
d/b/a Auto Max, Extreme Imports and Falcon Auto Sales, Inc.

If a business receives more than $10,000 in cash in a trade or business, the
trade or business is required to file a currency transaction report with the
Internal Revenue Service or the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network by the 15th
day after the date the cash was received.

Federal prosecutors allege that in November 2014 Barbarawi committed money
laundering by concealing the source and ownership of the proceeds from narcotics
trafficking during an undercover law enforcement investigation, according to
court documents.

Also, in November 2014, Barbarawi received approximately $21,533.50 in cash from
two related transactions in connection with the sale of a vehicle and he filed,
and caused the employees of his car dealership to file, a false currency
transaction report, according to the indictment. Barbarawi allegedly falsely
reported, and caused his employees to falsely report, the purchaser of the
vehicle and the source of the funds used to purchase the vehicle.

Money laundering carries a maximum sentence of 20 years in prison and failing to
file a currency transaction report carries a maximum sentence of 5 years in
prison.

Barbarawi was released on bond following his arraignment before U.S. Magistrate
Judge Stephanie K. Bowman on Tuesday. As conditions of his release, Barbarawi
was ordered to surrender his passport and firearms, as well as limit travel to
only Ohio and to undergo a mental health evaluation and substance abuse
treatment.

___ (c)2015 the Journal-News (Hamilton, Ohio) Visit the Journal-News (Hamilton,
Ohio) at www.journal-news.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150513-HL-Fairfield-car-dealer-indicted-on-money-laundering
-charges-0513-20150513

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HL


                        Copyright 2015 The Journal-News

                              916 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The Bolton News

                            December 2, 2014 Tuesday

Bolton man arrested in £10 million international money laundering probe

BYLINE: Jeremy Culley

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 435 words


A BOLTON man has been arrested by police probing a £10 million international
money laundering operation.

The 31-year-old man was one of nine people arrested in raids carried across
Greater Manchester this morning.

Police swooped on Marsden Road in Bolton, near the town centre, to arrest the
man on suspicion of money laundering.

The Bolton suspect is currently being quizzed in police custody.

The money laundering scheme is thought to reach as far as Paris and officers
believe the raids have seen them take a significant step to "dismantle" the
operation.

Officers carried out the raids following an eight-month investigation, and
seized a number of high-value items.

They have been investigating a number of organised crime groups across Europe.

The towed away expensive cars, including Porsches, a Mercedes and a Range Rover,
as well as designer handbags, perfume, a significant quantity of cash and
laptops.

Seven men and two women aged between 27 and 50 have been arrested on suspicion
of international money laundering and all remain in police custody for
questioning.

The warrants were executed by officers from Greater Manchester Police and Titan,
the North West Regional Organised Crime Unit.

They took place at a number of properties in Cheetham Hill in Manchester,
Salford, Hale Barns, Altrincham, Openshaw, Bolton, Oldham and Sale.

Officers have seized high value cars including Porsches, a Range Rover and a
Mercedes, alongside designer handbags and shoes, perfume and a significant
amount of cash and laptops.

Det Supt Jason Hudson, Titan's head of operations said: "The coordinated arrests
come as a result of an extensive and thorough eight month long investigation by
my team.

"This investigation into money laundering that has a reach far wider than just
Manchester, with criminal operations reaching as far as Paris, and we believe as
much as £10 million may have been moved."

"Along with our colleagues from Greater Manchester Police, we have taken a
significant step today in dismantling organised crime groups who are damaging
communities with illegal money laundering, and the other crime this funds. "We
have seized a number of high-value cars today, which I hope will show the public
that we will and do strip criminals of their assets.

"I send the message to people involved in this type of crime: your actions will
eventually catch up with you and we will knock on your door.

"I would urge decent, law-abiding members of the community who have information
about criminality where they live to share that information with their local
police force or Crimestoppers so that positive action can be taken."

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              917 of 999 DOCUMENTS


            The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 9, 2011 Tuesday

Paul Lawing Jr.'s fraud and money laundering case postponed until November

BYLINE: The Fayetteville Observer, N.C.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 343 words


Aug. 09--Fayetteville businessman Paul Lawing Jr.'s fraud and money laundering
case has been delayed again.

Lawing, who once was a successful and philanthropic business leader as head of
Natural Gas Distributors, was scheduled to appear in federal court in Greenville
on Wednesday for an arraignment.

But at the request of Lawing's lawyer, Assistant Federal Public Defender Gale
Adams, and with the agreement of the Assistant U.S. Attorney Dennis Duffy,
Senior U.S. District Judge Malcolm J. Howard agreed to postpone the case to Nov.
8.

"Attorneys for both parties are attempting to finalize complex plea negotiations
and both parties agree that the requested continuance is necessary to alow time
to complete these negotiations," Adams said in her request for a delay.

The case has been postponed several times since Lawing was indicted in September
of last year. At least once, this was at the request of the prosecution due to
the complexity of the case, and at times it was at the request of the defense.

Lawing is charged with three counts of bank fraud, five counts of wire fraud and
three counts of money laundering.

Natural Gas Distributors, now defunct, used to sell natural gas to institutional
customers such as the military, factories and other large gas customers. In
2005, when Hurricane Katrina damaged the nation's natural gas infrastructure and
drove up the cost of gas, Lawing's company was caught on the wrong end of the
price increase with customers who had locked in lower prices.

Lawing is accused of lying to obtain loans that he needed to get his company
through the price bubble. Ultimately he the business was unable to survive and
it went under, leaving behind $70 million in debts.

To see more of The Fayetteville Observer, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go
to http://www.fayettevillenc.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, The Fayetteville
Observer, N.C. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: August 10, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110809-FY-Paul-Lawing-Jr-s-fraud-and-money-laundering
-case-postponed-until-November-0809-20110809

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FY


                    Copyright 2011 The Fayetteville Observer

                              918 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 24, 2014 Monday

Arizona: Sylvania Man Sentenced to Nearly Five Years in Prison for Criminal
Schemes Centered Around IHOP Restaurants

LENGTH: 743  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Justice has issued the following news release:

Mazen Khdeer was sentenced to nearly five years in prison for his role in a
series of criminal schemes that money laundering, identity theft, alien
harboring and arson, centered around seven IHOP restaurants in northwest Ohio
and Indiana, law enforcement officials announced today.

Khdeer, 55, of Sylvania, was also ordered to pay $1.3 million in restitution and
to forfeit two properties. He previously pleaded guilty to 13 counts, including
money laundering, malicious use of fire, conspiracy to harbor aliens, identity
theft, conspiracy to commit health care fraud and filing false claims.

Khdeer was the last of 18 people to be sentenced for their roles in a series of
criminal schemes that resulted in losses of more than $3 million.

"These defendants turned pancakes houses into crime dens," said Steven M.
Dettelbach, United States Attorney for the Northern District of Ohio. "These
defendants engaged in a range of crimes ranging from harboring undocumented
workers to identity theft to money laundering to insurance fraud."

"Today is the final sentencing of 18 individuals who utilized a chain of IHOP
restaurants as their platform to engage in organized crime," said Stephen D.
Anthony, Special Agent in Charge of the FBI's Cleveland office. "This wraps up
years of tenacious investigative and prosecutorial work by all agencies
involved."

Other sentences included Tarek "Terry" Elkafrawi, whe was sentenced to eight
years in prison, Tarek Eid Omar, who was sentenced to more than four years in
prison, and Jose Leon-Gonzalez, who was sentenced to more than three years in
prison

Elkafrawi owned seven IHOP restaurants in Evansville, Indiana and Holland,
Toledo (two locations), Findlay, Perrysburg and Lima, Ohio. He and others used
their control of the restaurants to execute various criminal activities to
fraudulently manipulate sales figures, salaries and payrolls to evade taxes,
avoid paying royalties and illegally divert money from the IHOP franchises to
themselves, according to court documents.

Elkafrawi employed about 200 illegal immigrants to work at his restaurants, most
of whom used fraudulent or stolen identities while working. He and others
employed several people to arrange for the arrival of the workers. If the worker
had false paperwork or documentation, the manager would accept it without
verification; if they did not have documentation, Elkafrawi and others would
arrange for Carlos Gonzales and others to obtain fraudulent documentation for
the workers, according to court documents.

Elkafrawi also arranged for managers to cash payroll checks for the illegal
workers. Elkafrawi and others assigned second identities to workers to avoid
paying overtime wages and reduce the restaurants' payments to the Ohio Bureau of
Workers Compensation. They were also able to underpay the undocumented workers
because they knew the workers would not complain or report them to law
enforcement. Overall, Elkafrawi and others were able to generate $1.2 million in
unreported income by manipulating wages and underreporting income of
undocumented workers, according according to court documents.

In 2008, the Findlay IHOP burned as the result of arson. The fire was started by
Gonzales at the direction of Elkafrawi and a Khdeer to facilitate an insurance
fraud scheme. Elkafrawi claimed approximately $1.3 million in fraudulent
insurance claims, based in part on inflated payroll claims, lost income and
invoices, according to court documents.

Khdeer used two identities to split his salary from the restaurants between two
paychecks, creating lower reportable income for both. Using those identities, he
claimed approximately $140,000 in Medicaid payments and $35,000 in food stamps
and welfare benefits from the state of Ohio. Khdeer and Elkafrawi created a
false property company to which Khdeer paid "rent" to Elkafrawi to show a lower
income. Elkafrawi and Khdeer sanctioned and encouraged employees to file
fraudulent claims, according to court documents.

This case is being prosecuted by Assistant United States Attorneys Duncan T.
Brown following an investigation by the Federal Bureau of Investigation,
Immigration and Customs Enforcement--Homeland Security Investigations, Internal
Revenue Service, the Ohio Bureau of Worker's Compensation and Toledo Police.


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              919 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                             August 23, 2010 Monday

4 men sentenced to prison in Internet pharmacy case

BYLINE: Dennis Romboy Deseret News

LENGTH: 259 words


SALT LAKE CITY ? Four men who used an Internet pharmacy to sell prescription
drugs smuggled into the country from Mexico have been ordered to serve federal
prison terms. Noah Sifuentes, 58, of Orem, will serve 21 months in federal
prison after pleading guilty to one count of conspiracy to distribute
Phentermine and one count of conspiracy to commit international money laundering
. Kenneth E. Forrest, 43, of Provo, pleaded to single counts of conspiracy to
distribute a controlled substance and conspiracy to commit money laundering and
will serve 36 months in prison. Timothy Shields, 45, of Provo, has been
sentenced to 24 months in prison after pleading guilty to conspiracy to
distribute a controlled substance and conspiracy to commit money laundering.
U.S. District Judge Dale Kimball issued the sentences last Friday. Another
defendant in the case, Gregory J. Crosby, 52, of Provo, was sentenced Thursday
to one year in prison. He pleaded guilty to conspiracy to distribute Phentermine
and conspiracy to commit international money laundering. Shields and Forrest
admitted that they conspired with others in the case to smuggle and sell drugs,
including Ritalin, Xanax, Valium, and Phentermine, over the Internet without
authority from the Drug Enforcement Administration to customers who didn't have
valid prescriptions. Sifuentes and Crosby admitted conspiring with James Brinton
and others to sell approximately 8 million Phentermine pills, imported from
Mexico without DEA approval, to Internet customers without prescriptions. ?
Dennis Romboy

LOAD-DATE: August 24, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2010 The Deseret News Publishing Co.

                              920 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                     PR.com

                     December 5, 2015 Saturday 6:30 AM EST

Ian M. Comisky, Partner, Blank Rome LLP to Speak at KC's Event

BYLINE: The Knowledge Group

LENGTH: 771  words


New York, NY,  December 05, 2015 --(PR.com)-- The Knowledge Group/The Knowledge
Congress Live Webcast Series, the leading producer of regulatory focused
webcasts, has announced today that Ian M. Comisky, Partner, Blank Rome LLP will
speak at the Knowledge Group's webcast entitled: "Emerging Issues: Are You
Prepared for the Upcoming FATCA Compliance Deadlines for Non-U.S. Financial
Institutions? Live Webcast." This event is scheduled for January 15, 2016 from
12:00pm - 2:00pm (ET).

For further details, please visit:
https://theknowledgegroup.org/emerging-issues-are-you-prepared-for-the-upcoming-
fatca-compliance-deadlines-for-non-us-financial-institutions-live-webcast/

About Ian M. Comisky

Mr. Comisky is a Partner with the law firm of Blank Rome LLP. Mr. Comisky
concentrates his practice in the areas of civil and criminal tax litigation
anti-money laundering compliance and complex corporate and commercial
litigation. Mr. Comisky is the coauthor of Tax Fraud and Evasion which contains
chapters dealing with money laundering and FATCA compliance issues. Mr. Comisky
represents both corporations and individuals in criminal tax investigations both
administrative and grand jury. Mr. Comisky has represented individuals and
entities in connection with issues relating to foreign bank accounts and has
represented foreign financial institutions in connection with FATCA compliance.
Mr. Comisky has also been retained on banking and other corporate compliance
matters primarily relating to Bank Secrecy Act and related money laundering and
asset forfeiture issues. Mr. Comisky has also been retained by directors and
officers in civil and criminal securities litigation involving tax and
accounting issues. Mr. Comisky has further handled other commercial litigation
including RICO class action and other complex commercial disputes primarily in
federal courts in Philadelphia and Florida. Mr. Comisky is an adjunct professor
at the University of Pennsylvania law school teaching a course in money
laundering and is co-chair of the firm's white collar practice group.

About Blank Rome LLP

With nearly 550 attorneys serving clients around the globe, Blank Rome is an
international law firm representing businesses and organizations ranging from
Fortune 500 companies to start-up entities. Founded in 1946, Blank Rome advises
clients on all aspects of their businesses, including commercial and corporate
litigation; consumer finance; corporate, M&A, and securities; environmental,
energy, and natural resources; finance, restructuring, and bankruptcy;
intellectual property and technology; labor and employment; maritime,
international trade and government contracts; matrimonial; products liability,
mass torts, and insurance; real estate; tax, benefits, and private client; and
white collar defense and investigations. Blank Rome also represents pro bono
clients in a wide variety of cases and matters. For additional information,
visit www.blankrome.com.

Event Synopsis:

With the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (FATCA) coming into effect this
2016, many U.S. and non-U.S. financial institutions (FIs) around the globe are
struggling to establish due diligence system and infrastructure to be able to
identify those who have U.S. tax liability. The focus has clearly shifted to
compliance from entity classification and registration, which implies an
increased pressure to non-U.S. entities. Official guidelines have been issued by
non-U.S. jurisdictions to enforce FATCA compliance by the FIs within their
corresponding reach.

The Cayman Islands has issued an updated User Guide with reporting and
notification deadlines clarifying notification process with regards to Cayman FI
sponsorships and nil return filing. Moreover, the deadline for 2015 year FATCA
report of U.S. reportable persons is on May 31, 2016 while pre-existing account
remediation completion, other than high-value accounts, is due on June 30, 2016.
On the other hand, the British Virgin Islands' (BVI's) International Tax
Authority (ITA) has also issued its updated FATCA Guidance Notes. Changes in the
Guidance Notes include the extension of the 2014 reporting submission.

About The Knowledge Group /The Knowledge Congress Live Webcast Series

The Knowledge Group was established with the mission to produce unbiased,
objective, and educational live webinars that examine industry trends and
regulatory changes from a variety of different perspectives. The goal is to
deliver a unique multilevel analysis of an important issue affecting business in
a highly focused format. To contact or register for an event, please visit:
http://theknowledgegroup.org/

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


               Copyright 2015 PR.com, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved

                              921 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                            March 27, 2013 Wednesday
                                 ONLINE EDITION

Business digest

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. A11

LENGTH: 608 words


Berkshire to up Goldman stake o Warren Buffett's company will likely become one
of the biggest shareholders in Goldman Sachs Group Inc. later this year, and
Berkshire Hathaway Inc. won't even have to part with any cash to do so.
Berkshire and Goldman said Tuesday that they had renegotiated an agreement that
gave Berkshire the right to buy 43.5 million shares of the investment bank for
$115 per share. Now the 2008 deal will be settled with stock this fall. Buffett
and Goldman Chairman and CEO Lloyd Blankfein both characterized the deal as an
endorsement of the investment bank - much as they did when Buffett invested

$5 billion in Goldman during the financial crisis.

CBS invests in TV Guide o A person familiar with CBS' deal for TV Guide says the
broadcaster is buying a 50 percent stake in TV Guide's cable channel and website
for nearly $100 million. The price is less than what JPMorgan Chase's One Equity
Partners paid for a similar stake four years ago and brings CBS Corp. into an
equal partnership with Lions Gate Entertainment Corp. The deal terms come from a
person who wasn't authorized to speak publicly and spoke on condition of
anonymity.

UT divests o United Technologies Corp. is selling a former Goodrich Corp.
electric power systems business for about $400 million. The Hartford, Conn.,
aerospace conglomerate said Tuesday that it sold the business to Safran SA, a
French aerospace manufacturer for about $400 million. The sale is the second of
two divestitures required by regulators as a condition of United Technologies'
$18.4 billion purchase of Goodrich, a manufacturer of airplane parts. United
Technologies announced on March 18 the sale of a pump and engine control systems
business owned previously by Goodrich. The Justice Department last year said the
Goodrich deal would have combined the only two significant suppliers of large
main engine generators for aircraft.

Fed hits Citi o The Federal Reserve has ordered Citigroup to improve its plans
for preventing money laundering. In an order made public on Tuesday, the Fed
said that Citi had agreed to fix "deficiencies" in its anti-money laundering
controls. The bank has two months to submit a plan addressing steps such as
policies and funding for personnel. The order is based on similar mandates
issued against Citi or its subsidiaries last year - one by the Office of the
Comptroller of the Currency, and one by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. and
the California Department of Financial Institutions. Money laundering allows
people to make money - often obtained illegally - appear as though it came from
another source. Banks are required to report suspicious activity and to put in
place rules meant to make money laundering impossible for customers. Citigroup
isn't accused of laundering money or of trying to support any clients who did.
But it has been accused of having internal controls that were too lax to catch
launderers.

Insider charges o The former chief information officer for a technology company
and an analyst were arrested Tuesday in California in a $27 million insider
trading case brought in New York. Federal authorities arrested David Riley, 47,
a former vice president at Foundry Networks Inc., a firm in Santa Clara, Calif.,
that made networking hardware before it was acquired by Brocade Communications
Systems Inc. for about $3 billion in December 2008, and analyst Matthew Teeple,
41, of San Clemente, Calif. Each was charged in federal court in Manhattan with
conspiracy to commit securities fraud and three counts of securities fraud.
Teeple's lawyer denied the allegations, while Riley's lawyer couldn't be reached
for comment.

LOAD-DATE: March 28, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2013 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              922 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The Toronto Star

                          September 6, 2006 Wednesday

Disgraced lawyer hears sentence today

BYLINE: Betsy Powell, Toronto Star

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. B02

LENGTH: 591 words


Did alcohol, pills and sleep deprivation turn Peter Shoniker into a money
launderer and, if so, will Ontario Associate Chief Justice Douglas Cunningham
take that into account when he sentences the lawyer today?

Last month, with many high-profile friends rallied behind him, Shoniker pleaded
guilty to money laundering and stealing cash from an undercover RCMP officer.

Money laundering is a criminal code offence that means taking money derived from
an illegal act and making it appear legitimate. The maximum penalty is 10 years
imprisonment.

In this case, the undercover agent told Shoniker the $750,000 - which ended up
in a police-controlled bank in New York City - had been skimmed from a union
pension fund.

There is often a joint submission on sentencing when a guilty plea is entered.
Not this time. Crown attorney Jeffrey Manishen is calling for unspecified jail
time after portraying Shoniker as a braggart, crook and liar who broke the law
and brought the justice system into disrepute.

In secretly recorded conversations, the former Crown boasted to an undercover
officer he was "untouchable."

Arguing for a conditional sentence, or house arrest, defence lawyer Edward
Greenspan called witnesses who blamed alcoholism, prescription drug addiction
and sleep deprivation - rather than greed - for his out-of-character behaviour.

Dr. Paul Fedoroff, Shoniker's psychiatrist and friend, testified prescription
drugs, alcohol and chronic insomnia had "impaired his ability to think clearly."

One academic calls this a "devil made me do it" defence.

During a speech on the interaction between "criminal conduct" and "legitimate
business" this week at Cambridge University, Toronto author Margaret Beare
compared Shoniker's plight to that of Hollywood star Mel Gibson who made
anti-Semitic and sexist remarks to police in California after they pulled him
over for suspicion of drunken driving earlier this summer.

Gibson apologized for "any behaviour unbecoming of me in my inebriated state,"
and noted he has battled alcoholism.

Referring to the Shoniker case, Beare wrote in her prepared remarks: "While it
is commendable that friends support friends, his offences appear minimized when
the former police chief Julian Fantino, (Maj.-Gen.) Lewis Mackenzie and other
high profile supporters rallied to his defence.

Using the less-than-successful Mel Gibson defence, it now looks like alcohol,
sleep deprivation and anti-depression pills turned Mr. Shoniker into a money
launderer and thief."

Beare is a former director of the Nathanson Centre for the Study of Organized
Crime and Corruption at York University.

Gibson has yet to have his day in court, but it's not unusual for people accused
and convicted of crimes to use their alcohol or drug abuse both as a defence and
as a mitigating factor upon sentencing, York University law professor Alan Young
said yesterday.

When considered during sentencing, a "general preponderance of cases would
suggest you get a slight discount for crimes ... based on the proposition that
the crime was out of character, that there really was external pressure that
compelled you to commit the crime and it isn't your true nature."

Greenspan entered into evidence character letters from friends and family who
said Shoniker has sought treatment for alcoholism.

Not commenting specifically on Shoniker's case, Dr. Sean Rourke, a
neuropsychologist at St. Michael's Hospital, said while alcohol impairs judgment
and "decision making within that time could be questionable," those are "finite
periods, you know, alcohol blackouts."

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Charla Jones toronto star Prominent lawyer Peter Shoniker pleaded
guilty to money laundering and taking cash from an undercover RCMP officer.
Shoniker is back in court today to appear before the judge for sentencing.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                  Copyright 2006 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.

                              923 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          December 18, 2013 Wednesday

New Mexico: Albuquerque Man Sentenced to Sixty-Three Months in Prison for
Federal Wire Fraud and Money Laundering Conviction

LENGTH: 687  words

DATELINE: Santa Fe


United States Attorney's Office for the District of New Mexico has issued the
following press release:

Rodney Chavez, 47, of Albuquerque, N.M., was sentenced yesterday afternoon to 63
months in federal prison followed by three years of supervised release for his
wire fraud and money laundering conviction.  Chavez also was ordered to pay
restitution in the amount of $847,370.52 to the victims of his criminal conduct.
He also was ordered to forfeit $233,548.40 in funds that were seized from three
bank accounts during the investigation of the case.  The sentence was announced
by Acting U.S. Attorney Steven C. Yarbrough and Dawn Mertz, Special Agent in
Charge of the Phoenix Field Office of IRS Criminal Investigation.

Chavez and his co-defendants, Wayne Brian Church, Jr., 28, and Joshua G. Ellis,
43, both of Albuquerque, were charged in Jan. 2012, with wire fraud and money
laundering charges in a 22-count indictment that generally alleged that the
three men defrauded investors of more than $800,000 in a real estate venture.
Chavez and Church were arrested based on the charges in the indictment in Feb.
2012.  Ellis has yet to be arrested and is considered a fugitive.

After Church pleaded guilty in Aug. 2012 to a felony information charging him
with conspiracy to commit wire fraud, Chavez and Ellis were charged in a
21-count superseding indictment filed in Oct. 2012.  The superseding indictment
charged Chavez and Ellis with conspiracy to commit wire fraud and five
substantive wire fraud offenses.  It also charged Chavez with conspiracy to
launder the proceeds generated by their fraudulent activities and 14 substantive
money laundering offenses, and sought forfeiture of the proceeds of the
defendants' unlawful activities.

On Sept. 9, 2013, Chavez pled guilty to Counts 6 and 7 of the superseding
indictment, charging him with wire fraud and conspiracy to commit money
laundering, respectively.  In his plea agreement, Chavez admitted that, between
March 2010 and April 2011, he designed and executed a scheme to defraud a group
of investors of their interest in certain properties located in Puerto Peñasco,
Mexico.  Chavez embarked on the scheme after learning that the investors were
interested in selling the properties at a substantial loss after realizing that
they would not be able to recoup the full amount of their original investments.
In March 2010, Chavez contacted a representative of the investor group under an
assumed identity and entered into an agreement to sell the properties on behalf
of the investors with the understanding that the investors would receive a
return of 30% of their original investments.  Despite his stated intention to
sell the properties and distribute the agreed amount to the investors, Chavez
admitted that he never intended to honor that agreement and instead intended to
defraud the investors by selling the properties and retaining the proceeds for
himself.

According to the plea agreement, while falsely assuring investors of his efforts
to sell the properties on their behalf, Chavez hired a real estate agent to sell
the properties and sold five properties, the sales of which generated
approximately $847,370.52 in proceeds.  After the proceeds were wire-transferred
to a bank in Albuquerque with assistance from Church, Chavez did not distribute
the proceeds to the investors.  Instead, Chavez and Church kept the proceeds and
conspired to conceal the source of the proceeds by transferring the money to
bank accounts held in the names of businesses they exclusively controlled.  None
of the proceeds from the sale of properties were returned to the investors.

Church remains on conditions of release pending his sentencing hearing when he
faces a maximum penalty of 30 years in prison.  The charges in the superseding
indictment against Ellis are merely accusations and he is presumed innocent
unless proven guilty beyond a reasonable doubt in a court of law.

The case was investigated by the IRS Criminal Investigation and is being
prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorney Sean J. Sullivan.

For more information please visit: http://www.justice.gov/usao/nm

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              924 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     April 20, 1997, Sunday, Final Edition

U.S. to Begin Seizing Drug Bank Deposits; $1.5 Billion Estimated Held Here by
Cartels

Tod Robberson, Dallas Morning News

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A19

LENGTH: 608 words

DATELINE: MIAMI


The federal government, launching what could be its largest crackdown on
Colombian money-laundering operations in the United States, plans to begin
Monday seizing bank accounts handling an estimated $ 1.5 billion in illicit drug
profits.

Federal law enforcement officials said the seizures, which will start with a
"test group" of about 100 southern Florida bank accounts, eventually will expand
to cover assets in 5,000 bank accounts across Florida, New York, Texas and
California.

About 300 to 400 Colombian financial managers are under investigation in the
case, the result of two years of intelligence gathering.

"It's all Colombian drug money. Of that, we are certain. . . . There ain't any
other industry or institution in Colombia that does this kind of cash business,"
the Miami-based lead investigator in the probe said, describing the $ 1.5
billion estimate of identified funds as "conservative" and "based on some pretty
solid numbers."

The investigator, who requested anonymity, said it would probably take two years
for all seizures to be completed.

Officials declined to identify the banks being targeted, explaining that to
publicize such information would be tantamount to warning the criminals they are
trying to catch. But they did say the banks include at least three major
international institutions based in Miami and New York. The banks have been
cooperating in the probe, the officials said.

After banks closed Friday, the suspicious accounts became inaccessible to their
owners. "If they wake up and read about this over the weekend, all they can do
is sit and sweat," one investigator said.

Placing a freeze on the accounts is the first step toward determining that they
contain illicit funds, after which they can be seized. Once proved in court to
be ill-gotten wealth, the funds later would be forfeited permanently to the U.S.
government, and the account owners would be subject to prosecution.

However, one investigator said mass arrests are unlikely because most of the
account holders and managers live outside the United States.

The sweep culminates a two-year investigation into the methods used by Colombian
trafficking cartels to convert illegal drug profits into the legitimate
financial instruments that drug lords use to expand their empires. Officials
caution that the $ 1.5 billion in assets they are targeting represent only a
fraction of the estimated $ 8 billion to $ 14 billion in annual profits from
Colombian and Mexican narcotics trafficking.

In Washington, a senior government money-laundering expert said the major
Colombian trafficking organizations are now believed to receive more than half
of their income from "legitimate" investments made with laundered drug profits.
The drug sales constitute only a minority share of their financial empires, he
added.

Without the ability to launder, repatriate and reinvest their funds, drug
traffickers are unable to make use of such massive profits, officials of the
Drug Enforcement Administration said. Thus, they added, combating money
laundering is a crucial element in the war on drugs.

Charles Intriago, a former federal prosecutor and publisher of the Miami-based
magazine Money Laundering Alert, cautioned that federal money-laundering probes
in the past have frequently failed to live up to investigators' predictions.

"The government's hyperbole often makes it sound like this is the case of the
century, but when you come down to asking where's the beef, there isn't any,"
Intriago said. He added, "The government's great at seizing money. The question
is how much will end up actually being forfeited."

LOAD-DATE: April 20, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1997 The Washington Post

                              925 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         The Gazette (Montreal, Quebec)

                     May 21, 1994, Saturday, FINAL EDITION

U.S. agent alleges money-laundering linked to hydro stations in Quebec;
Real-estate developer pleads not guilty in Miami court

BYLINE: ROD MACDONELL; GAZETTE

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A4

LENGTH: 650 words


Montreal real-estate developer Peter Kuczer, who is charged with laundering drug
money in Florida, is alleged to have told an undercover U.S. Customs agent that
he could launder about $ 50 million this year through Canadian banks and small
hydro-electric generating stations he owns in Quebec.

Kuczer, 45, was arrested in a U.S. Customs sting operation in Miami 11 days ago
when he was about to deposit more than $ 1 million in a bank.

Kuczer's Montreal lawyer, Reevin Pearl, said yesterday that Kuczer owns two
small hydro-electric plants that sell electricity to Hydro- Quebec. Pearl said
that one plant is about 400 kilometres north of Montreal and the other is near
St. Hyacinthe.

Kuczer appeared in court in Miami yesterday and entered a plea of not guilty to
two money-laundering charges, which carry a maximum prison sentence of 20 years
and fines of up to $ 500,000.

The affidavit of U.S. Customs supporting the money-laundering charges tells the
story of the sting on Kuczer that began last October when Kuczer and another man
travelled to Miami. The other man is described by U.S. Customs as their
"confidential informant."

The tale includes a meeting in an undercover customs vessel moored at the Bimini
Boat Yard, a meeting attended by Kuczer and an undercover agent "who was
portraying himself as a financial consultant for Colombian narcotics
traffickers."

A third person also attended, the man who U.S. Customs calls their confidential
informant.

The self-described consultant then came to Montreal last Dec. 13 and met with
Kuczer and his brother, Michael, at the Intercontinental Hotel, a meeting during
which Kuczer is alleged to have "detailed the procedures he would implement to
launder any narcotics proceeds provided to him by (the undercover agent)."

Kuczer is alleged to have proposed laundering the money through his
hydro-electric ventures in Quebec, called Hydro P-1.

"Kuczer stated that narcotics proceeds could be deposited in bank accounts
associated with Hydro P-1 Group and wire-transferred to banks in Europe and
Russia," the affidavit charged.

"Kuczer added that millions of dollars of proceeds could be invested in
legitimate business ventures associated with Hydro P-1 Group."

A month later, Kuczer and the undercover agent met in a hotel in New York City.

Kuczer allegedly said he could help the financial consultant buy gold bullion
from Russia, or buy jewels smuggled out of Russia or purchase bulk oil shipped
from the Middle East.

Two months later, the two met again in Florida and then met for the last time
earlier this month.

At that meeting, "Kuczer agreed to accept $ 1.1 million of narcotics proceeds
which would be secreted in a safe deposit box obtained by Kuczer at the Citibank
in Miami."

Then, the next day, May 10, two undercover agents delivered the $ 1,075,000 in
two containers to Kuczer's hotel room, money "which was represented as narcotics
proceeds," according to the affidavit.

Kuczer and the two agents counted the money, and then they drove to the bank to
deposit the funds in Kuczer's safety deposit box.

"Upon arrival at the Barnett Bank parking lot, Kuczer was arrested," the U.S.
Customs affidavit states.

Kuczer was held for three days and released on a bond of $ 750,000. He also
pledged over his two Rolls-Royces, one of which is valued at more than $ 1
million.

Pearl said yesterday that his client never discussed laundering drug money with
the undercover agent.

Pearl said that Kuczer was trying to get a legitimate business loan from the
man, a loan that Kuczer needed for his hydro-electric projects in Quebec.

Pearl said that Kuczer has several other small hydro-electric plants in the
planning stages.

Pearl explained that the undercover agent did tell his client about having
invested drug money in the past, but that Kuczer thought the man was "kidding
around."

LOAD-DATE: May 22, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 1994 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              926 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                            June 22, 2016 Wednesday

Philadelphia Congressman and Associates Convicted in Corruption Case

LENGTH: 1154  words


A federal jury sitting in Philadelphia found Congressman Chaka Fattah Sr., 59,
guilty of all charges against him.  Fattah and three of his four associates were
found guilty of taking part in a racketeering conspiracy involving several
schemes that were intended to further their political and financial interests by
misappropriating federal, charitable and campaign funds, among other schemes.

Fattah, Robert Brand, 70, of Philadelphia; Karen Nicholas, 58, of Williamstown,
New Jersey; and Herbert Vederman, 70, of Palm Beach, Florida, were found guilty
of participating in a racketeering conspiracy.  Fattah was also found guilty of
conspiracy to commit bribery, bribery, conspiracy to commit wire fraud,
conspiracy to commit honest services fraud, mail fraud, money laundering
conspiracy, money laundering, bank fraud, false statements to a financial
institution, six counts of mail fraud and five counts of falsification of
records.

Vederman was also convicted of conspiracy to commit bribery, bribery, bank
fraud, making false statements to the Credit Union Mortgage Association,
falsification of records and two counts of money laundering.

Brand was also convicted of conspiracy to commit wire fraud.

Nicholas was also convicted of conspiracy to commit wire fraud, two counts of
wire fraud and two counts of falsification of records.

Bonnie Bowser, 60, of Philadelphia, was acquitted of racketeering conspiracy but
convicted of conspiracy to commit bribery, bank fraud, making false statements
to the Credit Union Mortgage Association, falsification of records and money
laundering.

U.S. District Court Judge Harvey Bartle III of the Eastern District of
Pennsylvania scheduled sentencing hearings for Oct. 4, 2016, for Fattah,
Vederman and Brand; and Oct. 5, 2016, for Nicholas and Bowser.

Assistant Attorney General Leslie R. Caldwell of the Justice Departments
Criminal Division, U.S. Attorney Zane David Memeger of the Eastern District of
Pennsylvania, Special Agent in Charge William F. Sweeney Jr. of the FBIs
Philadelphia Division and Special Agent in Charge Akeia Conner of the Internal
Revenue Service-Criminal Investigation (IRS-CI) Philadelphia Field Office
announced todays verdict.

Congressman Fattah corruptly abused his office for his own personal and
political gain, said Assistant Attorney General Caldwell.  He took bribes,
committed fraud and even stole money from his own campaigns.  In short,
Congressman Fattah and his co-defendants deprived the people of eastern
Pennsylvania of their right to the honest services of their elected
representative.  Todays convictions should send a message that the Justice
Department will vigorously investigate and prosecute political corruption
wherever it takes place, and uphold the principles of honesty and integrity that
are the foundation of our government.

Chaka Fattah Sr. and his co-defendants betrayed the public trust and undermined
our faith in government, said U.S. Attorney Memeger.  Todays verdict makes clear
that the citizens of the Eastern District of Pennsylvania expect their public
officials to act with honesty and integrity, and to not sell their office for
personal gain.  Hopefully, our elected officials in Philadelphia and elsewhere
hear todays message loud and clear.

The corruption demonstrated by Congressman Fattah and his co-defendants is yet
another sad example of the type of behavior that corrodes citizens faith in
their government, said Special Agent in Charge Sweeney.  The FBI is firmly
committed to ensuring that public officials and their co-conspirators who choose
to use their positions for personal gain rather than provide the honest services
the community rightly expects will be investigated and brought to justice.  The
community deserves nothing less.

Convictions, like the one returned against these five defendants today, send a
loud and clear message that people who willfully defy the law will be fully
investigated, prosecuted and subjected to the full punishment of the law for
their actions, said Special Agent in Charge Conner.

According to the evidence presented at trial, Fattah and certain associates
borrowed $1 million from a wealthy supporter for his failed 2007 campaign for
mayor of Philadelphia, and disguised the funds as a loan to a consulting
company.  After he lost the election, Fattah returned to the donor $400,000 that
the campaign had not used and arranged for Educational Advancement Alliance
(EAA), a non-profit entity that Fattah founded and controlled, to repay the
remaining $600,000 using charitable and federal grant funds that passed through
two other companies, including one run by Brand.  To conceal the contribution
and repayment scheme, the defendants and others created sham contracts and made
false entries in accounting records, tax returns and campaign finance disclosure
statements.

Following his defeat, Fattah also sought to extinguish approximately $130,000 in
campaign debt owed to a political consultant by agreeing to arrange for the
award of federal grant funds to the consultant.  Fattah directed the consultant
to apply for a $15 million grant (which ultimately he did not receive) on behalf
of a then-non-existent non-profit entity.  In exchange for Fattahs efforts to
arrange the award, the consultant agreed to forgive the campaign debt.

In addition, Fattah misappropriated funds from his mayoral and congressional
campaigns to repay his sons student loan debt.  To execute the scheme, Fattah
arranged for his campaigns to make payments to a political consulting company,
which funds the company then used to lessen Fattahs sons student loan debt.
Between 2007 and 2011, the consultant made 34 successful loan payments on behalf
of Fattahs son, totaling approximately $23,000.

Beginning in 2008, Fattah communicated with individuals in the legislative and
executive branches in an effort to secure for Vederman an ambassadorship or an
appointment to the U.S. Trade Commission.  In exchange, Vederman provided money
and other items of value to Fattah.  As part of this scheme, the defendants
sought to conceal an $18,000 bribe payment from Vederman to Fattah by disguising
it as a payment for a sham car sale.

Nicholas was found guilty of obtaining $50,000 in federal grant funds that she
falsely claimed would be used by EAA to support a conference on higher
education.  Instead, Nicholas used the grant funds to pay $20,000 to a political
consultant, $10,000 to her attorney and write several checks to herself from
EAAs operating account.

The FBI and IRS-CI investigated the case.  The Justice Departments Office of the
Inspector General, the NASA Office of Inspector General and the Department of
Commerces Office of Inspector General.  Assistant U.S. Attorney Paul L. Gray of
the Eastern District of Pennsylvania and Trial Attorneys Eric L. Gibson and
Jonathan Kravis of the Criminal Divisions Public Integrity Section are
prosecuting the case. 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: June 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              927 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      Western Morning News (Plymouth, UK)

                          December 12, 2012 Wednesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

HSBC agrees £1.2bn payout over claims of laundering

BYLINE: JAMIE GRIERSON

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 551 words


HSBC last night said that it has agreed to pay US authorities a record 1.9
billion US dollars (£1.2 billion) settlement over accusations that it allowed
rogue states and drug cartels to launder billions of pounds through its US arm.

The US Senate findings against HSBC, which accused the bank of ignoring warnings
and breaching safeguards that should have stopped the laundering of money from
Mexico, Iran and Syria, led to the resignation of head of compliance David
Bagley.

The lender reached agreement with several US authorities including the US
Department of Justice and expects to soon finalise a deal with the Financial
Services Authority. HSBC group chief executive Stuart Gulliver said: "We accept
responsibility for our past mistakes. We have said we are profoundly sorry for
them, and we do so again."

The settlement comes after fellow British bank Standard Chartered said it would
pay a further 327 million US dollars (£203 million) to settle allegations that
it breached sanctions with Iran.

The bank, which has already paid 340 million US dollars (£211 million) to New
York's Department of Financial Services, was accused by regulators in August of
exposing the US to terrorists and drug kingpins by hiding 250 billion US dollars
(£160 billion) of transactions with Tehran.

Earlier this year, a US Senate sub-committee found that the US arm of HSBC
treated HSBC Bank Mexico, which transported seven billion US dollars (£4.5
billion) in cash in armoured vehicles to the bank in 2007 to 2008, as a
"low-risk" client. It offered banking services to HSBC Bank Mexico despite the
country's troubles with money laundering and drug trafficking, high-risk
clients, high-risk products, a secretive jurisdiction and weak antimoney
laundering controls. And foreign HSBC banks avoided safeguards designed to block
transactions involving terrorists, drug lords and rogue regimes, the
subcommittee said, while it also ignored links to terrorists, providing services
to risky banks in Saudi Arabia and Bangladesh.

The revelations heaped pressure on Business Minister Lord Green, who was
chairman of HSBC at the time the failings took place.

Unveiling the settlement, HSBC said that, in the past several years, the board
has taken decisive action to direct management to "fix past shortcomings as they
have come to light".

HSBC Bank USA has, among other actions, increased its spending on anti-money
laundering roughly nine-fold between 2009 and 2011 and increased its anti-money
laundering staff nearly ten-fold. It has also ended 109 high-risk "correspondent
relationships".

It will now be monitored by the US Department of Justice for five years to
ensure these changes are fully implemented.

Mr Gulliver added: "The HSBC of today is a fundamentally different organisation
from the one that made those mistakes. "Over the last two years, under new
senior leadership, we have been taking concrete steps to put right what went
wrong and to participate actively with government authorities in bringing to
light and addressing these matters."

The US Department of Justice will publish its Deferred Prosecution Agreement
with HSBC later, which is expected to reveal details of fresh pay restrictions
at the bank.

HSBC's top bosses are to defer a portion of any bonuses they are awarded for the
next five years, Sky News said.

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WMN


                 Copyright 2012 Western Morning News (Plymouth)
                              All Rights Reserved

                              928 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                          September 23, 2010 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Orchard Park man, two others face more charges in alleged scam

BYLINE: By Dan Herbeck - NEWS STAFF REPORTER

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B5

LENGTH: 390 words


The U.S. Attorney's Office filed additional charges Wednesday against an Orchard
Park man and two others who were already accused of conspiring to scam the
Defense Department.

The charges were filed in a superseding indictment against businessmen William
Nehill, 65, of Orchard Park; Gregory Magness, 62, of Polk, Pa.; and Eldon Bott,
58, of Brigham City, Utah.

The three men are now charged with conspiracy to commit money laundering.
Magness and Bott also are charged with money laundering.

Federal prosecutors first alleged in April that the men were part of a scheme to
deliver prohibited magnesium from China to be used in flares that protect U.S.
military aircraft from heat-seeking missiles. They have denied the allegations.

Under a contract with the Defense Department, a Tennessee company manufactured
1.8 million of the flares, which cost taxpayers about $42 million, without
knowing that the flares were made with Chinese magnesium powder, federal agents
said.

The men are accused of intentionally evading Defense Department regulations,
putting military men and women in danger, and defrauding the government out of
millions of dollars, according to court papers filed by prosecutor Michael
DiGiacomo.

The money-laundering charges are new in the case, authorities said.

"Just as the defendants are alleged to have disguised magnesium powder as having
come from legitimate and legal sources, they also allegedly tried to legitimize
the profits earned from this scheme by engaging in a series of related financial
transactions, which is money laundering," said Charles Pine, a special agent at
the Internal Revenue Service.

The original charges, brought in April, allege that the defendants, along with
three others and three companies, sold 1.8 million illegal countermeasure flares
to the Department of Defense.

The original indictment charges that the sales violated Defense Department rules
because the defendants "mislabeled and undervalued" the Chinese-made materials
to evade customs duties.

The flares that included the Chinese-made magnesium powder were never used,
authorities said. The flares are dropped by military aircraft that are being
pursued by heat-seeking missiles, to give the missiles a false target.

U.S. Immigration & Customs Enforcement agents from Buffalo worked on the case
with the IRS.

e-mail: dherbeck@buffnews.com

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved

                              929 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 17, 2014 Saturday

Washington: Supplier in Pot Trafficking Conspiracy Sentenced to 10 Years in
Prison

LENGTH: 682  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

Jose Eduardo Islas, 41, of Tucson, Arizona, was sentenced in U.S. District Court
today to 120 months in prison followed by five years of supervised release for
supplying thousands of pounds of marijuana for distribution in the Columbus
area.

Carter M. Stewart, United States Attorney for the Southern District of Ohio;
Kathy Enstrom, Special Agent in Charge, Internal Revenue Service Criminal
Investigation (IRS); Kevin Cornelius, Special Agent in Charge, Federal Bureau of
Investigation (FBI); Franklin County Sheriff Zach Scott; and Columbus Police
Chief Kim Jacobs announced the sentence imposed today by Senior U.S. District
Judge James L. Graham.

According to court documents, investigators identified Islas as the source of
supply for significant quantities of marijuana and cocaine coming into Columbus.
Islas is one of seven people charged in March 2013 with conspiring to distribute
more than 1,000 kilograms of marijuana. Islas pleaded guilty on August 7, 2013,
to one count of conspiracy to distribute more than 1,000 kilograms of marijuana
and one count of conspiracy to commit money laundering.

Other defendants convicted as a result of the investigation include:

Jesus Galindo Corrales, 36, Tucson, Arizona, who was sentenced on April 11,
2014, to 72 months in prison.
 Quentin Jefferson, 34, of Columbus, Ohio, was sentenced on April 10, 2014, to
60 months in prison on one count of conspiracy to distribute over 100 kilograms
of marijuana and one count of money laundering.
 Bryan T. Jones, 34, of Columbus, was sentenced on October 25, 2013, to 18
months in prison.
 Adrian Raul Islas, 33, of Tucson, Arizona, was sentenced on April 11, 2014, to
27 months in prison.
 Chad A. Goggans, 41, of Canal Winchester, Ohio, was sentenced on April 11,
2014, to 27 months in prison on one count of conspiracy to distribute over 1,000
kilograms of marijuana and one count of conspiracy to commit money laundering.
 Carlton E. Jones, 41, of Columbus, pleaded guilty on July 22, 2013, to
conspiracy to distribute more than 1,000 kilograms of marijuana and conspiracy
to commit money laundering. He is scheduled for sentencing on June 26, 2014.
 Patrick Stinson Edwards, 49, of Columbus, pleaded guilty on February 7, 2014,
to one count of conspiracy. His sentencing is scheduled for June 13, 2014.
 Kenyatta Meadows, 50, of Columbus, pleaded guilty on February 7, 2014, to one
count of conspiracy. He is awaiting sentencing.

Investigators found that Jones operated a used car lot in Columbus, Unlimited
Auto Group. Islas generated loads of marijuana that were delivered to a
warehouse at the car lot. Specifically, on February 2012, a load of
approximately 4,800 pounds of marijuana and in June 2012, a shipment of 3,000
pounds were delivered by a semi-truck. On October 20, 2012, investigators
apprehended them with a load of 1,600 pounds of marijuana.

Jones deposited large sums of currency into the bank accounts of Unlimited Auto
Group. Some of this currency came directly from Islas and was derived from the
sale of narcotics.

Islas purchased a 2008 BMW 750 Alpina with a check from Unlimited Auto Group and
also titled it in the name of Unlimited Auto Group. Also, Jones used the drug
proceeds from Islas to purchase a 2007 Volvo semi-truck and a 2004 Wabash Reefer
trailer that were registered by Goggans in the name of his business, Goggans
Inc., and eventually titled them in the name of a legitimate trucking company.
The semi-truck and trailer were used to transport both marijuana and the
proceeds from the sale of marijuana.

During the investigation, agents executed numerous search warrants and recovered
hundreds of pounds more of marijuana, firearms, vehicles, and cash.

U.S. Attorney Stewart commended the cooperative long-term investigation by the
FBI, IRS agents, Columbus Police officers, and Franklin County deputies, as well
as Assistant U.S. Attorneys Kevin Kelley and David DeVillers, who represented
the United States in this case.

For more information please visit: http://www.fbi.gov


LOAD-DATE: May 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              930 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 16, 2014 Friday

Washington: Supplier in Pot Trafficking Conspiracy Sentenced to 10 Years in
Prison

LENGTH: 682  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

Jose Eduardo Islas, 41, of Tucson, Arizona, was sentenced in U.S. District Court
today to 120 months in prison followed by five years of supervised release for
supplying thousands of pounds of marijuana for distribution in the Columbus
area.

Carter M. Stewart, United States Attorney for the Southern District of Ohio;
Kathy Enstrom, Special Agent in Charge, Internal Revenue Service Criminal
Investigation (IRS); Kevin Cornelius, Special Agent in Charge, Federal Bureau of
Investigation (FBI); Franklin County Sheriff Zach Scott; and Columbus Police
Chief Kim Jacobs announced the sentence imposed today by Senior U.S. District
Judge James L. Graham.

According to court documents, investigators identified Islas as the source of
supply for significant quantities of marijuana and cocaine coming into Columbus.
Islas is one of seven people charged in March 2013 with conspiring to distribute
more than 1,000 kilograms of marijuana. Islas pleaded guilty on August 7, 2013,
to one count of conspiracy to distribute more than 1,000 kilograms of marijuana
and one count of conspiracy to commit money laundering.

Other defendants convicted as a result of the investigation include:

Jesus Galindo Corrales, 36, Tucson, Arizona, who was sentenced on April 11,
2014, to 72 months in prison.
 Quentin Jefferson, 34, of Columbus, Ohio, was sentenced on April 10, 2014, to
60 months in prison on one count of conspiracy to distribute over 100 kilograms
of marijuana and one count of money laundering.
 Bryan T. Jones, 34, of Columbus, was sentenced on October 25, 2013, to 18
months in prison.
 Adrian Raul Islas, 33, of Tucson, Arizona, was sentenced on April 11, 2014, to
27 months in prison.
 Chad A. Goggans, 41, of Canal Winchester, Ohio, was sentenced on April 11,
2014, to 27 months in prison on one count of conspiracy to distribute over 1,000
kilograms of marijuana and one count of conspiracy to commit money laundering.
 Carlton E. Jones, 41, of Columbus, pleaded guilty on July 22, 2013, to
conspiracy to distribute more than 1,000 kilograms of marijuana and conspiracy
to commit money laundering. He is scheduled for sentencing on June 26, 2014.
 Patrick Stinson Edwards, 49, of Columbus, pleaded guilty on February 7, 2014,
to one count of conspiracy. His sentencing is scheduled for June 13, 2014.
 Kenyatta Meadows, 50, of Columbus, pleaded guilty on February 7, 2014, to one
count of conspiracy. He is awaiting sentencing.

Investigators found that Jones operated a used car lot in Columbus, Unlimited
Auto Group. Islas generated loads of marijuana that were delivered to a
warehouse at the car lot. Specifically, on February 2012, a load of
approximately 4,800 pounds of marijuana and in June 2012, a shipment of 3,000
pounds were delivered by a semi-truck. On October 20, 2012, investigators
apprehended them with a load of 1,600 pounds of marijuana.

Jones deposited large sums of currency into the bank accounts of Unlimited Auto
Group. Some of this currency came directly from Islas and was derived from the
sale of narcotics.

Islas purchased a 2008 BMW 750 Alpina with a check from Unlimited Auto Group and
also titled it in the name of Unlimited Auto Group. Also, Jones used the drug
proceeds from Islas to purchase a 2007 Volvo semi-truck and a 2004 Wabash Reefer
trailer that were registered by Goggans in the name of his business, Goggans
Inc., and eventually titled them in the name of a legitimate trucking company.
The semi-truck and trailer were used to transport both marijuana and the
proceeds from the sale of marijuana.

During the investigation, agents executed numerous search warrants and recovered
hundreds of pounds more of marijuana, firearms, vehicles, and cash.

U.S. Attorney Stewart commended the cooperative long-term investigation by the
FBI, IRS agents, Columbus Police officers, and Franklin County deputies, as well
as Assistant U.S. Attorneys Kevin Kelley and David DeVillers, who represented
the United States in this case.

For more information please visit: http://www.fbi.gov


LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              931 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Monitor (McAllen, Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             May 10, 2012 Thursday

7 charged in cocaine, money laundering conspiracy

BYLINE: Jared Taylor, The Monitor, McAllen, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 438 words


May 10--MCALLEN -- Federal authorities arrested seven men allegedly tied to a
local cocaine and money laundering scheme.

U.S. Attorney Kenneth Magidson announced the arrests as part of a sealed
11-count indictment that had not been made available to the public late
Wednesday afternoon, as other defendants named in the case have not been
arrested.

The Drug Enforcement Administration, Texas Department of Public Safety and
Internal Revenue Service worked the cocaine conspiracy and money laundering case
that netted seven men who live in Hidalgo County.

"This was a smuggling and transportation cell that was moving a lot of dope in
the area," said Will Glaspy, assistant special agent in charge of the DEA office
in McAllen. "It's something we've been working on for a while."

Glaspy would not say whether the cell has ties to a Mexican drug cartel ahead of
the defendants' initial appearances in federal court, expected Thursday. But
Glaspy did say the organization worked with a high level of "sophistication" in
its local operations.

"It's a pretty significant group," he said. "It's not just a bunch of
insignificant people that ran a load and happened to get caught."

Charged in the 11-count indictment returned under seal April 24 are:

>> Jose "Shorty" Felix Morales, 33, of Mission

>> Guadalupe "Tio" Gonzalez, 54, of Mission

>> Hugo Lopez, 34, of Mission

>> Ricardo "Rico" Roman Gomez, 47, of McAllen

>> Jose "W" Torres Araguez, 32, of Pharr

>> Omar Montoya, 46, of Hidalgo

>> Federico "Keico" Carrillo Vigil, of Hidalgo

Also arrested in the case was Eloy "Chuy" Vasquez Diego, 32, of Reynosa, who was
detained on a criminal complaint on April 2. No record of that case had been
filed on PACER, the online federal court filing system, as of Wednesday
afternoon.

All are charged with conspiracy to possess with intent to distribute cocaine,
which carries a minimum sentence of 10 years in prison and up to a $10 million
fine.

Gonzalez, Carrillo and Roman also face charges of money laundering and
conspiracy to commit money laundering, which carry a maximum sentence of 20
years in prison and a $500,000 fine, or twice the value of the property involved
in the scheme -- whatever is greater.

The government has moved to seize several properties as part of the indictment
that agents believe was purchased with drug money.

Jared Taylor covers courts and general assignments for The Monitor. He can be
reached at jtaylor@themonitor.com and (956) 683-4439.

TWITTER

Follow Jared Taylor on Twitter: @jaredataylor

___ (c)2012 The Monitor (McAllen, Texas) Visit The Monitor (McAllen, Texas) at
www.themonitor.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120510-MC-7-charged-in-cocaine-money-laundering
-conspiracy-0510-20120510

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MC


                           Copyright 2012 The Monitor

                              932 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Lebanon Democrat, Tenn.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             July 24, 2014 Thursday

Two police captains among those charged in TBI misconduct case

BYLINE: The Lebanon Democrat, Tenn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 401 words


July 24--KNOXVILLE -- The Tennessee Bureau of Investigation received indictments
for four people, including two Newport police captains, in connection to a
misconduct case involving the sale of stolen goods and prescription pills.

At the request of Fourth District Attorney General James Dunn, TBI agents
started an investigation involving James Finley Holt on April 16. During the
investigation, agents developed information Holt, a captain for the Newport
Police Department, bought and sold stolen goods, and on several occasions, at
the store owned by his wife, Newport Alderwoman Kathy Darlene Holt.

Additionally, investigators said James Holt bought and sold prescription drugs,
including Hydrocodone and Xanax, and some of the transactions happened in a
school zone while Holt was on duty.

The investigation also revealed Newport police Capt. Roger Lynn Schults
participated in the illegal activity, though in a lesser extent, while on duty.
Investigators further determined Kathy Holt was complicit with the operation,
and the Holts' son, Kenneth Trece Myers, was also involved.

On Wednesday, a special Cocke County grand jury returned indictments for all
four individuals, charging 59-year-old James Holt with 10 counts of official
misconduct, eight counts of money laundering, one count of conspiracy to commit
money laundering, and five counts of sale and delivery of a controlled
substance.

The grand jury indicted Shults, 54, on four counts of official misconduct and
one count of conspiracy to commit money laundering.

The indictments for 50-year-old Kathy Holt charged her with one count of
conspiracy to commit money laundering and three counts of money laundering.

The grand jury indicted Myers, 31, on one count of conspiracy to commit money
laundering.

James Holt was booked in at the Washington County Jail. Schults, Kathy Holt and
Myers will be booked in at the Cocke County Jail.

As part of the ongoing investigation, TBI special agents executed search
warrants Wednesday at the Newport Police Department and Kathy Holt's store, the
Pit Stop Mobil Mart.

Investigators from the U.S. attorney's office, Tennessee Highway Patrol,
Tennessee Department of Revenue and Tennessee Office of the Comptroller were
also involved in the investigation, which remained open.

___ (c)2014 The Lebanon Democrat, Tenn. Visit The Lebanon Democrat, Tenn. at
www.lebanondemocrat.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20140724-1LD-Two-police-captains-among-those-charged-in-TBI-misconduct-case-0724
-20140724

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1LD


                                 Copyright 2014

                              933 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 28, 2016 Monday

Three Previously Charged Defendants, Three Additional Defendants Indicted On
Charges Involving In Drugs Linked To A Mexican Drug Cartel; One Defendant
Includes Bank Of America Employee

LENGTH: 777  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Office for the United States Attorneys, Western District of New York has issued
the following news release:



   BUFFALO, N.Y.-U.S. Attorney William J. Hochul Jr. announced today that a
federal grand jury has returned a 23 count superseding indictment charging six
defendants allegedly involved in an illegal narcotics operation stretching from
Sinaloa, Mexico to Western New York. Named in the superseding indictment are
three defendants previous charged in the case, Jose Manuel Lua-Guizar, 25, Max
Riestra, 40, both of Mexico, and Pethrod Dunnigan, 37, of Buffalo, NY. Also
charged in the superseding indictment:





 o Gerardo Ballardo, 23 of Stockton, California

 o Bryant Hudson, 36, of Buffalo

 o Presiliano Garcia, 31, of Los Angeles, California, a Bank of America employee
who allegedly used his position to facilitate money laundering activities in the
drug operation.



 "As the scourge of heroin continues to take a deadly toll on our community,
this case shows that law enforcement will go wherever necessary to stop these
traffickers in their tracks," said U.S. Attorney Hochul.  "Whether across the
country or across the border, from street corners to bank offices, to we will
stop the flow of these drugs into our community."



 Charges includes conspiracy to possess with intent to distribute and to
distribute five kilograms or more of cocaine and one kilogram or more of heroin,
money laundering conspiracy, international money laundering conspiracy,
conspiracy to structure transactions, and structuring transactions. The charges
carry a minimum penalty of 10 years in prison, a maximum of life, and a
$10,000,000 fine.



 Assistant U.S. Attorney Michael J. Adler, who is handling the case, stated that
according to the superseding indictment and previously filed court documents,
law enforcement officers began investigating a sophisticated drug trafficking
organization with ties to a Mexican drug cartel operating out of Los Angeles,
California area in 2014. The organization shipped drug packages to various
states including New York, New Jersey, Illinois, and Colorado. Defendant Max
Riestra was identified as being responsible for managing multiple bank accounts
that were used to launder proceeds from the drug sales. Defendant Presiliano
Garcia was a Bank of America employee who is accused of facilitating the opening
of multiple accounts used for laundering drug proceeds. Garcia also facilitated
wire transfers of drug proceeds from the United States to bank accounts in
Mexico.



 During the course of the investigation, officers executed search warrants that
resulted in the seizure of drugs including one seizure of 21 kilograms of
cocaine and three kilograms of heroin. Officers also seized numerous boxes that
members of the drug trafficking operation attempted to mail which included an
additional kilograms of cocaine and kilograms of heroin.



 The investigation further revealed that a FedEx account controlled by Max
Riestra was used to send packages to Buffalo, NY, including some to
co-defendants Jose Manuel Lua-Guizar and Gerardo Ballardo. Guizar and Ballardo
would travel from California to Buffalo to receive the packages and distribute
the cocaine to local Buffalo area drug dealers, including defendant Pethrod
Dunnigan. Investigators believe approximately 200 packages containing cocaine
and heroin were shipped to cities including Buffalo, Chicago, New York and
Denver.



 The proceeds from the cocaine sales were deposited in local Bank of America
branches in amounts just under $10,000. Deposits of $10,000 or more require the
bank to report the transaction. There were also deposits in bank branches across
the country. The total amount of money deposited in this fashion had reached
more than $10,000,000. Local deposits totaled over $1,000,000 and involved at
least 120 transactions.



 The superseding indictment is the culmination of an investigation on the part
of the Drug Enforcement Administration, under the direction of Special Agent in
Charge James J. Hunt, New York Field Division, Immigration and Custom
Enforcement, Homeland Security Investigations, under the direction of Special
Agent in Charge James C. Spero, and the Internal Revenue Service, Criminal
Investigations Division, under the direction of Shantelle P. Kitchen, Special
Agent in Charge, New York Field Office. Additional assistance was provided by
ICE-HSI in Los Angeles, California.



 The fact that a defendant has been charged with a crime is merely an accusation
and the defendant is presumed innocent until and unless proven guilty.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              934 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                WMI Company News

                             March 13, 2015 Friday

Commerzbank agrees to pay $1.45bn to settle US sanctions charges

LENGTH: 197 words


German lender Commerzbank is set to pay $1.45bn as penalty to US authorities to
settle a probe for violating economic sanctions and for money laundering
charges.

The bank is being probed by US authorities including the US Department of
Justice, New York's Department of Financial Services (DFS) and the New York
county district attorney regarding economic sanctions for business dealings with
Iran, Sudan and other countries on the US sanctions list.

Separately, the US Attorney's office in Manhattan, as well as DFS, is also
carrying out a probe into Commerzbank's money laundering risk controls regarding
an accounting scandal at Olympus in Japan.

The bank's ex-head of anti-money laundering compliance for New York branch has
already resigned following the investigation.

The bank has also been directed by DFS to dismiss four other employees accused
for their association in the wrongdoings. They include a relationship manager, a
staff member in the interest and currency unit, and two employees in the cash
management department.

"When there was profit to be made, Commerzbank turned a blind eye to its
anti-money laundering compliance responsibilities," DFS head Benjamin Lawsky
said.

LOAD-DATE: March 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2015 World Market Intelligence Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              935 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                             June 30, 2016 Thursday
                                 FIRST EDITION

Back-to-back scandals rock Panama's financial system

BYLINE: Rick Jervis, @mrRjervis, USA TODAY

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 5B

LENGTH: 818 words


The sting from the global outcry over the Panama Papers had barely receded when
Kent Davis was hit with news of another scandal enveloping his adopted country.

Davis, a real estate broker originally from Hawaii who deals with U.S. clients,
said he was stunned and dismayed when he heard that Nidal Waked, one of Panama's
most prominent businessmen, was indicted by U.S. authorities in May on money
laundering charges.

"It was like, 'Oh my God, we don't need this,'" said Davis, a partner and
managing director of Panama Equity Real Estate. "All we can do is get our head
down and trudge forward."

While the world lauded the opening of the $5.4 billion expansion of the Panama
Canal last weekend, Panama continues to grapple with how best to emerge from
back-to-back financial scandals.

First came the leak in April of 11.5 million documents from Panamanian law firm
Mossack Fonseca detailing how world leaders or their relatives use off-shore
corporations to hide assets and avoid financial disclosures. The leak of the
documents, dubbed the Panama Papers, kicked off investigations by governments
around the world into the secret world of off-shore accounts. The law firm has
denied any wrongdoing.

A month later, U.S. Embassy officials in Panama announced the Waked indictment,
which accuses him of laundering and moving cash for drug traffickers and could
land him 50 years in a U.S. federal prison. His assets, which include shopping
malls, hotels, airport duty-free shops and a bank, were seized, putting hundreds
of Panamanians out of work. Waked was arrested in Colombia and faces extradition
to the U.S.

The scandals and negative press arrived at a time when Panama is trying to shake
its long-held reputation as a haven for illicit money. Two years ago, lawmakers
here passed stricter anti-money laundering laws, and earlier this year the
country was removed from a global money laundering watch list.

After the Panama Papers surfaced, Attorney General Kenia Porcell appointed a
special prosecutor to look into the case, and investigators confiscated computer
files and shredded documents from two Mossack Fonseca buildings.

Prosecutors haven't spoken about the case since then, and there's little
expectation they will soon, said Luis Burón, an investigative reporter with La
Prensa newspaper, part of the global media team that originally reported on the
leak. A founder of the law firm, Ramon Fonseca, is a former adviser to President
Juan Carlos Varela, he said.

Burón pointed out that no names of Panamanian officials have surfaced in the
papers.

"I really can't say what's going to happen," he said. "I don't have a clue if
they're going to act on this or not act on this. It's a pretty strange
scenario."

U.S. officials here applaud steps taken by the Panamanian government in the wake
of the Panama Papers, including establishing a high-level commission to
investigate money laundering in the country, calling in experts to look at the
offshore banking sector and agreeing to a better exchange of information with
the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development, a group composed of
most of the world's advanced nations.

"They immediately responded in a way that for us signifies that this is a very
responsible global citizen," said John Feeley, the U.S. ambassador to Panama.

Feeley said creating offshore accounts to hide illicit activity is a global
scourge that warrants cooperation between nations and international debate.

"Once again, Panama finds itself in the middle of a global conversation," he
said.

Mari Carmen Aponte, acting assistant Secretary of State for western hemisphere
affairs, in town for the canal expansion opening, said she visited with Porcell
over the weekend and was impressed with the prosecutor's tenacity and commitment
to the investigations, no matter where they lead.

She also commended Panama for passing tougher anti-corruption laws. "These are
the types of laws that strengthen a society and will make Panama a strong ally
not just to us but to other countries in the region," she said.

Some locals said they weren't surprised by the extent of hidden financial
activities revealed by the Panama Papers. Jaime Silvera, 29, who works for
various law firms in town, said Mossack Fonseca was known as the go-to firm for
offshore banking, though other firms offer the service as well.

He said he didn't expect the attorney general's office to announce charges any
time soon. "There's not a lot of hope for that happening," Silvera said.

Davis, the real estate broker, said many of his clients often used Mossack
Fonseca lawyers for legitimate real estate transactions. "Some of our best
clients used them," he said.

When the scandal broke, he saw a noticeable drop in business from U.S. clients,
who make up about 40% of his firm's business, said Davis, who moved here nine
years ago. "This is a real awakening for Panama," he said. "It's time to clean
out and get real."

LOAD-DATE: June 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo Rick Jervis, usa today

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2016 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              936 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 12, 2014 Saturday

Maryland: Odenton Man Sentenced To Prison For Laundering More Than $1.5 Million
In Scheme To Steal Waste Vegetable Oil

LENGTH: 759  words

DATELINE: Annapolis


United States Attorney's Office for the District of Maryland has issued the
following press release:

U.S. District Judge J. Frederick Motz sentenced Anthony Jean-Claude, age 40, of
Odenton, Maryland today to 18 months in prison followed by three years of
supervised release for laundering over $1.5 million, in connecting with a scheme
to steal waste vegetable oil. Judge Motz also entered an order requiring
Jean-Claude to pay restitution and forfeiture of $1,586,747.

The sentence was announced by United States Attorney for the District of
Maryland Rod J. Rosenstein; Chief James W. Johnson of the Baltimore County
Police Department; and Special Agent in Charge Thomas J. Kelly of the Internal
Revenue Service - Criminal Investigation, Washington, D.C. Field Office.

"Jean-Claude's actions were motivated by pure greed as evidenced by the more
than $1.5 million in laundered fraud proceeds he received while perpetuating a
waste vegetable oil scheme," said Thomas J Kelly, Special Agent in Charge, IRS
Criminal Investigation, Washington D.C. Field Office. "IRS Criminal
Investigation is committed to unraveling money laundering schemes such as this,
where individuals attempt to conceal the true source of their money. Today's
sentencing shows IRS-CI, in conjunction with our law enforcement partners, will
continue to bring cases like these to justice."

Waste collection businesses contract with local restaurants to collect waste
vegetable oil which is used to make bio-diesel fuel or processed as an additive
for animal feed. Waste collection businesses place recycling containers behind
the restaurants with which they have contracts. When the containers are full,
the businesses collect the oil using a vacuum truck.

According to his plea agreement, from May through October 2010, Jean-Claude and
a friend stole waste vegetable oil from restaurants in Maryland and Virginia
using a tow truck owned by his friend. Jean-Claude and his friend stored the
stolen oil at a warehouse near Waterview Avenue in Baltimore County, then sold
the oil to out-of-state oil companies.

At the end of October, Jean-Claude's friend developed a legitimate waste
vegetable oil collection company named Waste Not Inc. The friend purchased a
vacuum truck, hired salesmen to assist him, and eventually obtained 650
contracts to collect waste vegetable oil from restaurants. From June through
October, 2011, Jean-Claude's friend collected the oil pursuant to the contracts
and sold the oil to Jean-Claude.

In May 2011, Jean-Claude used a straw purchaser to buy a truck which was titled
in the name of Waste Not. The truck was used to steal waste vegetable oil from
restaurants that did not have a collection contract with Waste Not. The driver
of that truck was caught stealing waste vegetable oil in July 2011.

In late 2011, Jean-Claude met R.F. during a renovation project at Jean-Claude's
home. Jean-Claude requested that R.F. lease a large warehouse facility to
collect, process and sell waste vegetable oil. The owner of Waste Not took both
his legitimate waste vegetable oil and the stolen oil to the facility, located
at 1701 Leland Avenue in Middle River. Jean-Claude then sold the waste vegetable
oil to fuel companies in Pennsylvania and elsewhere. The proceeds of these
transactions were directed back to Jean-Claude through a bank account in the
name of Rafxcel Services, which account was held by both R.F. and Jean-Claude.

Jean-Claude subsequently used the straw purchaser to buy another truck in
October 2011. A conspirator used the truck to steal waste vegetable oil from 20
locations in Baltimore City and Baltimore County. The conspirator then took the
stolen oil to the Leland Avenue facility. From January 5, 2012 through October
1, 2012, approximately $1,586,747 was deposited in the Rafxcel account for the
sale of waste vegetable oil to companies in Maryland, Pennsylvania and
elsewhere.

The operations manager at the Leland Avenue facility received checks from
Jean-Claude in the name of the manager's wife, which were drawn on the Rafxcel
business account. Jean-Claude directed the manager to cash the checks, use a
portion of the cash for the operations of the Leland Avenue facility, and give
the remainder of the cash back to Jean-Claude.

United States Attorney Rod J. Rosenstein praised the Baltimore County Police
Department and IRS - Criminal Investigation for their work in the investigation.
Mr. Rosenstein thanked Assistant U.S. Attorney Gregory R. Bockin, who prosecuted
the case.

For more information please visit: http://www.justice.gov/usao/md/

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              937 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                         The Evening Standard (London)

                            January 31, 2017 Tuesday
                                   Edition 3;
                                National Edition

Deutsche pays £500m price for Russian money-laundering scam

BYLINE: Simon English

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 35

LENGTH: 456 words


DEUTSCHE Bank has been whacked with one of the biggest fines ever for its part
in a $10 billion Russian moneylaundering scam.

The latest blow to the scandal-torn bank sees it hand over £503 million for lax
money-laundering controls over four years to December 2015.

Deutsche allowed gangs to move money out of Russia using so-called "mirror"
trades that involve the purchase and sale of identical securities in different
jurisdictions.

Money was funnelled from Moscow via 2400 pairs of trades to banks in London and
then on to Cyprus, Estonia and Latvia. The fine would have been far higher but
for the banks' co-operation. Deutsche Bank admits it faces ongoing battles with
regulators and lawyers over money-laundering and other issues.

That's bad news for the 7000 staff in London who have already been warned by
chief executive John Cryan that not many can expect a bonus this year.

A joint investigation by London and New York - where some of the trades took
place - sees the lion's share of the penalty going to America: New York fined
Deutsche $425 million (£340 million) and the Financial Conduct Authority fined
it £163 million.

The superintendent of the New York State Department of Financial Services, Maria
Vullo, said: "In today's interconnected financial network, global financial
institutions must be ever vigilant in the war against money laundering and other
activities that can contribute to cybercrime and international terrorism. This
Russian mirror-trading scheme occurred while the bank was on clear notice of
serious and widespread compliance issues dating back a decade." Mark Steward,
director of enforcement and market oversight at the FCA, said: "Financial crime
is a risk to the UK financial system. Deutsche Bank was obliged to establish and
maintain an effective [anti-money laundering] control framework. By failing to
do so, Deutsche put itself at risk of being used to facilitate financial crime
and exposed the UK to the risk of financial crime."

This latest fine comes less than two weeks after the German bank was fined $7.2
billion by the US Justice Department for mis-selling mortgage bonds. It was also
heavily involved in the Liborfixing scandal.

The New York authorities said Deut-sche bosses allowed a "pernicious culture" to
develop, with "control failings that were long-standing and enterprise-wide".
The bank made £9 million in commission for handling the dubious trades.

Although mirror trading itself is not illegal, it is suggestive of
moneylaundering activity, say the watchdogs. @SIMONENGSTAND PULLING WOOL OVER
BANK ¦¦Shares or bonds are bought in Moscow, using roubles The same securities
are sold in London for dollars by an affiliateSuch mirror trades were "highly
suggestive of financial crime"

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The mirror cracked: though this trading is not illegal, the watchdogs
were concerned that it suggested money-laundering activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EST


                   Copyright 2017 Associated Newspapers Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              938 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                         The Evening Standard (London)

                            January 31, 2017 Tuesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Deutsche pays £500m price for Russian money-laundering scam

BYLINE: Simon English

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 35

LENGTH: 456 words


DEUTSCHE Bank has been whacked with one of the biggest fines ever for its part
in a $10 billion Russian moneylaundering scam.

The latest blow to the scandal-torn bank sees it hand over £503 million for lax
money-laundering controls over four years to December 2015.

Deutsche allowed gangs to move money out of Russia using so-called "mirror"
trades that involve the purchase and sale of identical securities in different
jurisdictions.

Money was funnelled from Moscow via 2400 pairs of trades to banks in London and
then on to Cyprus, Estonia and Latvia. The fine would have been far higher but
for the banks' co-operation. Deutsche Bank admits it faces ongoing battles with
regulators and lawyers over money-laundering and other issues.

That's bad news for the 7000 staff in London who have already been warned by
chief executive John Cryan that not many can expect a bonus this year.

A joint investigation by London and New York - where some of the trades took
place - sees the lion's share of the penalty going to America: New York fined
Deutsche $425 million (£340 million) and the Financial Conduct Authority fined
it £163 million.

The superintendent of the New York State Department of Financial Services, Maria
Vullo, said: "In today's interconnected financial network, global financial
institutions must be ever vigilant in the war against money laundering and other
activities that can contribute to cybercrime and international terrorism. This
Russian mirror-trading scheme occurred while the bank was on clear notice of
serious and widespread compliance issues dating back a decade." Mark Steward,
director of enforcement and market oversight at the FCA, said: "Financial crime
is a risk to the UK financial system. Deutsche Bank was obliged to establish and
maintain an effective [anti-money laundering] control framework. By failing to
do so, Deutsche put itself at risk of being used to facilitate financial crime
and exposed the UK to the risk of financial crime."

This latest fine comes less than two weeks after the German bank was fined $7.2
billion by the US Justice Department for mis-selling mortgage bonds. It was also
heavily involved in the Liborfixing scandal.

The New York authorities said Deut-sche bosses allowed a "pernicious culture" to
develop, with "control failings that were long-standing and enterprise-wide".
The bank made £9 million in commission for handling the dubious trades.

Although mirror trading itself is not illegal, it is suggestive of
moneylaundering activity, say the watchdogs. @SIMONENGSTAND PULLING WOOL OVER
BANK ¦¦Shares or bonds are bought in Moscow, using roubles The same securities
are sold in London for dollars by an affiliateSuch mirror trades were "highly
suggestive of financial crime"

LOAD-DATE: January 31, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The mirror cracked: though this trading is not illegal, the watchdogs
were concerned that it suggested money-laundering activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EST


                   Copyright 2017 Associated Newspapers Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              939 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                           January 2, 2002 Wednesday
                                  Late Edition

Tough US money laws hit Australia

BYLINE: Bill Pheasant

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 427 words


New laws against money laundering in the United States will have far-reaching
consequences for Australian companies with US suppliers or customers, legal
experts have warned.

Mr Tim Phillipps, national forensic partner at Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu, said
the provisions of the Patriot Act created additional obligations on any entity
dealing with funds into the US.

He said the implications for non-US banks were significant as the anti-money
laundering laws impose an onus on foreign banks dealing with American financial
institutions to be careful about the customers and transactions they accept.

"For any financial institutions that are doing business in the US, it is likely
that they will be required to prove they know their client," Mr Phillipps said.

"This is more than the 100-point check [required in Australia]. It will require
them to monitor their clients' activities and it is a continuing obligation.

"It will require Australian companies to think about their relationships with
all customers and will require a due diligence financial and reputational on
their suppliers and dealers."

The Patriot Act was passed in the aftermath of the September 11 terror attacks
in New York and Washington. Its purpose is to assure US regulators that US
entities have no dealings with a terrorist organisation or a front for money
laundering.

Mr Joe Longo, special counsel of law firm Freehills, said the legal implications
for financial institutions doing business in the US potentially included having
to identify the origin, purpose and intended "end users" of funds.

"This doesn't just pick up banks, investment and insurance companies," Mr Longo
said. "It could also pick up travel agencies and real estate agencies dealing
with US clients. The whole purpose of the exercise is to trace funds, and funds
go through many hands."

Mr Phillipps said companies that dealt with US companies could be asked to
demonstrate they had anti-money laundering policies and show how they were
applied by some "forensic audit" approach.

"We have had some good legislation in Australia regarding cash transactions and
suspicious dealings [monitored by AUSTRAC], which has had us at the forefront in
these areas, but we haven't had a continuing obligation to `know your client'
before. This is taking it to a new level."

KEY POINTS

* New US laws will affect Australian companies with US customers or suppliers.

* The anti-money laundering legislation was introduced after the September 11
attacks.

* It will put an onus on banks to be careful about the customers and
transactions they accept.

LOAD-DATE: April 4, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: ILLUS: Australian companies will need due diligence on suppliers and
dealers. Photo: TANYA LAKE

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2002 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              940 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Pantagraph (Bloomington, Illinois)

                           December 06, 2012 Thursday

Large marijuana supplier given 14 years

BYLINE: By Edith Brady-Lunny;eblunny@pantagraph.com

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A3

LENGTH: 219 words


BLOOMINGTON - A 24-year-old Saybrook man believed to have been the source of
large shipments of marijuna sent to several people in Central Illinois was
sentenced Wednesday to 14 years in prison.

Nathaniel Nowlin, arrested in November 2011 as part of the McLean County
Sheriff's Department Operation Clean Sweep, pleaded guilty to marijuana
trafficking. Multiple charges of money laundering were dropped in the plea
agreement.

The focus of the drug investigation turned to California after Kyle Mason was
arrested in June 2011 as he picked up a package containing marijuana at the
Cooksville Post Office. He is serving seven years on drug charges.

Nowlin's brother, Tylor Nowlin, 22, is serving 12 years on drug trafficking
charges, and their grandmother Michelle Donnell, 66, also has pending drug and
money laundering charges.

Dustin Pulliam, 25, formerly of Saybrook and arrested in South Carolina, has a
Jan. 4 court date on a possible plea agreement on drug and money laundering
charges.

Others sentenced in connection with the drug operation are Wesley Harvey, 25, of
Ellsworth, who is serving nine years for marijuana trafficking, and Corey
Campbell, 20, who is serving two years for delivery of marijuana. Kyle Albright,
25, of Lexington, was placed on two years of probation for criminal marijuana
conspiracy.

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2012 The Pantagraph

                              941 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                              April 6, 2007 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Proper Licenses Central To Grocer's Case, Attorney Says

BYLINE: JO-ANN JOHNSTON, The Tampa Tribune

SECTION: PASCO; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 532 words

DATELINE: DADE CITY


BUSINESSMAN ACCUSED OF LAUNDERING DRUG MONEY

By JO-ANN JOHNSTON

The Tampa Tribune

DADE CITY - An attorney for a local grocer accused of laundering drug money and
running an illegal check-cashing operation said Thursday that Jose Luis Frias is
not involved in those activities and that the case against him will turn on
whether he was operating with proper business licenses.

Frias was arrested March 22 on a racketeering charge after authorities raided
the Del Carmen Mexican Store, at 14415 Seventh St.

The Pasco County Sheriff's Office, federal Drug Enforcement Agency and members
of a countywide drug task force also raided Frias' La Onda Dance Club on Lock
Street and the home he shares with his wife and two children.

Authorities seized $313,000 in cash from the three properties and froze a bank
account in Frias' name with $363,000 in it.

Frias is accused of running an illegal check-cashing operation, where a business
cashes checks without a license or charges higher fees than the law permits, and
laundering "illegal narcotics proceeds and/or monies for an unidentified Mexican
drug trafficking organization," according to arrest reports and court records.

Detectives, who have investigated Frias for 2 1/2 years, have said he processed
more than $48 million in third-party checks in more than two years.

Mark Rankin, Frias' Tampa-based attorney, said Thursday that his client has no
connections to money-laundering or drug-trafficking.

"I'm confident, at the end of the day, the case will be about whether the Frias
business was properly licensed and that there will be no evidence of any
connection of the business to money-laundering, drug-dealing or overcharging of
fees," said Rankin, a criminal lawyer with the Carlton Fields law firm.

Rankin noted that police found no drugs in their search of Frias' properties.

Frias, who is not a U.S. citizen, remains in the Land O'Lakes jail, with bail
set at $150,000. He is not likely to be released because he is being held for
the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services.

Rankin said his client's focus is on rejoining his family.

His wife, Maria Carmen Frias, has not been arrested; she was named in the
investigation, though, and police have said their investigation is ongoing. Like
her husband, Frias is not a U.S. citizen. She is being represented by St.
Petersburg lawyer Linda Friedman Ramirez, an immigration and criminal lawyer.

Ramirez originally identified herself as Jose Frias' lawyer, before Rankin took
his case.

Rankin also is representing Felipe Frias, Jose Frias' brother, who also was
named as the subject of a search warrant but has not been arrested. He is
described as a naturalized citizen in the search warrant used in the March 22
raid.

So far, Jose Frias' family has kept the Del Carmen store open, but the store is
not cashing any checks.

Reporter Jo-Ann Johnston can be reached at (352) 521-3062 or
jfjohnston@tampatrib.com.

Photo: Jose Frias

Detectives say he processed $48 million in third-party checks in more than two
years. Detectives say he processed $48 million in third-party checks in more
than two years.

Copyright © 2007, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2007 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune

                              942 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                           Investor's Business Daily

                                August 30, 1999

Russians In Bank Of N.Y. Probe Deny Money-Laundering Charge

SECTION: Pg. A12

LENGTH: 473 words

DATELINE: MOSCOW (AP)


A Russian couple linked to suspected money-laundering denied any wrongdoing
Friday and dismissed reports that gangsters funneled billions of dollars through
a U.S. bank as an ''anti-Russian campaign.''

The couple, Natasha and Konstantin Kagalovsky, have not been charged with any
crime, but are considered key figures in an investigation concerning billions of
dollars that may have been illegally channeled through the Bank of New York by
Russian organized crime.

The case has been described as potentially one of the biggest money-laundering
cases ever uncovered in the U.S.

''Konstantin and Natasha wish to state unequivocally that they have never been
involved in money laundering in any way, shape or form,'' the couple said in a
statement issued by their lawyer in New York, Stanley Arkin. ''We are highly
confident that at the conclusion of these investigations, this will be
abundantly clear.''

Mrs. Kagalovsky, a senior vice president of Bank of New York in New York City,
was suspended last week after the scandal erupted.

Konstantin Kagalovsky was an executive at Bank Menetap, a Russian bank that had
dealings with the Bank of New York before it effectively collapsed last year
amid Russia's financial crisis. He is now vice president of Yukos, one of
Russia's largest oil companies.

Kagalovsky told a Russian newspaper that he believed the Bank of New York was
the main target of the investigation, but it also had anti-Russian overtones.

Also Friday, the Bank of New York fired Lucy Edwards, a senior official at the
bank's London office in charge of Eastern European operations. She is the wife
of Russian businessman Peter Berlin, who had access to at least one of the bank
accounts under investigation, according to the newspaper reports.

A reputed Russian mob leader, Semyon Mogilevich, who is based in Budapest,
Hungary, also has been linked to the alleged scheme.

Meanwhile, Russia's top prosecutor said Friday he wanted a full investigation
into possible Russian involvement.

Acting Prosecutor General Vladimir Ustinov also said that Russian law
enforcement agencies should be prepared to cooperate with their foreign
counterparts in the rapidly expanding case.

There has been concern that some of the alleged laundered money may have
involved International Monetary Fund loans to Russia. The IMF said it was taking
those allegations seriously.

Rep. Jim Leach, R-Iowa, chairman of the House Banking committee, said IMF loans
to Russia should be halted until procedures for preventing their diversion are
put into effect.

U.S. authorities have seized about $ 20 million at the Bank of New York along
with bank records believed to be linked to the scheme, a U.S. law enforcement
source said on condition of anonymity.

LOAD-DATE: August 30, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

Copyright 1999 Investor's Business Daily, Inc.

                              943 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              Credit Union Journal

                                 June 27, 2011

World Update on Credit Unions

SECTION: GENERAL NEWS; Pg. 56 Vol. 15 No. 24

LENGTH: 3370  words


International Regulators Confer

ALEXANDRIA, Va.-Regulatory trends affecting the global credit union movement,
especially issues involving capital liquidity and supervisory guidelines, topped
the agenda for the fifth annual meeting of the International Credit Union
Regulators' Network (ICURN), an independent organization that World Council of
Credit Unions (WOCCU) helps coordinate.

The three-day event, co-hosted this year by NCUA, attracted more than 50 credit
union and financial cooperative regulators from 21 countries.

Several common themes emerged during the meeting, stimulating significant
discussion, according to WOCCU. Participating regulators said many of their
countries will be implementing, modifying or restructuring depositor protection
systems.

"As credit unions consolidate, the resulting concentration of assets and members
in the newly formed larger entities creates potential concerns about their size
and significance to the rest of their countries' respective movements," WOCCU
said. "Many developing and transitional economies are migrating from a sector
developmental stage to a prudential supervisory approach, requiring different
regulatory environments, some participants said. Interest rate risk and
asset/liability risk could be significant emerging issues globally for credit
unions, subject to greater scrutiny."

"In response to global developments, ICURN will be drafting guidance regarding
credit union capital and liquidity in the coming months," said ICURN Chair Andy
Poprawa, president and CEO of Deposit Insurance Corporation of Ontario, Canada.
"We believe these principles and practices for effectively supervising credit
unions will aid with the development of appropriate and sound oversight of
credit unions."

The meeting at NCUA's headquarters also included a focused discussion on
wholesale credit unions and their proposed role in the future of the movement.
Earlier in the week, credit union supervisors from Kenya and Tanzania
participated along with the Maryland Department of Credit Unions in an on-site
examination of a Baltimore credit union, while regulators from Brazil and
Singapore joined the Virginia Bureau of Financial Institutions in a credit union
examination in Richmond.

Mexican CUs Visit Canada's Servus

EDMONTON, Alberta, Canada-Three representatives of Caja Yanga of Yanga,
Veracruz, Mexico, travelled to Edmonton, Alberta, to study risk management and
anti-money laundering practices used by Servus Credit Union's Enterprise Risk
Management Program, as well as the Canadian credit union's corporate security
policies and procedures.

The technical internship marked the second such visit between Caja Yanga and
Servus Credit Union, which have worked together since 2009 as part of WOCCU's
International Partnerships Program.

Caja Yanga Chairman Manuel Hernandez, along with Abel Martinez, risk manager,
and Gabriel Martinez, accounting and finance vice president, studied the
operations of Servus' corporate security team, which is responsible for all of
the credit union's anti-money laundering and anti-fraud efforts.

Servus' Mark Foote, corporate security compliance manager, and Ana Roccia,
corporate security senior analyst, shared the credit union's strategies for
detecting suspicious activities and identifying accounts representing a high
risk for money laundering activity.

"Money laundering has long been recognized as an international issue, and
sharing with the group from Caja Yanga gave us unique insight we would not
normally have had," Foote said. "It's through these important relationships that
we can combat money laundering and terrorist financing at an elevated level."

Caja Yanga found many of the Canadian credit union's strategies feasible for
implementation in Mexico due to the fact that anti-money laundering regulations
are similar in both countries thanks to their adherence to the guidelines of the
Financial Action Task Force, an inter-governmental organization focused on
developing and promoting national and international policies to combat money
laundering and terrorist financing.

Tech Extends Service To Rural Poor

QUITO, Ecuador-Credit unions throughout Latin America are providing financial
services to the rural poor via new technologies and time-tested strategies, but
there are still many more people to serve.

As a result, strategies for increasing market penetration and reaching more
underserved communities was the focal point of a WOCCU conference here.

More than 300 directors, managers and employees of credit unions and
organizations in Bolivia, Colombia, Ecuador, Mexico, Nicaragua, Peru and the
United States attended to the Congreso Internacional de Finanzas Rurales e
InclusiÃ³n Financiera [International Rural Finance and Financial Inclusion
Congress] to discuss ways to increase service to rural members. Participants at
the two-day event, co-sponsored by COONECTA-Entura, the Quito-based office of
WOCCU Services Group, learned how savings mobilization, institutional
strengthening, technology and other strategies help credit unions to reach and
serve more communities, WOCCU reported.

"Good financial discipline, product innovation and technology application are
key strategies that enable credit unions to better serve their members," said
Mark Cifuentes, WOCCU senior vice president of technical services who
coordinated the event. "We have a commitment to work not only with traditional
donors, but also local governments to help credit unions expand their reach to
serve even more people than they already do."

Among the strategies shared:

* Mexico's CUs are reaching the poor through WOCCU's Semilla Cooperativa
[cooperative seed] program, a rural finance model in which credit unions send
representatives astride motorcycles to remote towns and villages to conduct
transactions, essentially taking the institution to the members. More recently,
the program was enhanced as representatives were equipped with PDAs and tiny
printers strapped to their belts that allowed members in remote locations to
conduct transactions in real time and provide members with paper records of
those transactions.

* Credit unions in several countries, including Ecuador, which has a credit
union penetration rate of 20.3%, discussed ways to network more effectively in
hope of finding new collaborative methods to increase penetration.

Ohio, Romanian CUs Sign Pact

BUCHAREST, Romania-The Romanian Federation of Credit Unions (FEDCAR) and the
Ohio Credit Union League (OCUL) have signed an agreement of mutual support as
the newest participants in WOCCU's International Partnerships Program.

The partnered organizations will look for ways to continue strengthening
Romania's evolving credit union system, in the process addressing perceptions
that credit unions' "cooperative nature" echoes conditions from the country's
former position under Soviet rule, according to WOCCU.

An OCUL delegation accompanied by WOCCU staff visiting Romania learned that such
perceptions exist largely due to obsolete legislation used to govern the
country's credit union movement. FEDCAR officials seek to develop new credit
union laws that bring regulatory oversight more in line with requirements from
other European Union member countries. Strengthening Romania's credit union
system and providing assistance with lobbying are two areas in which the
delegation pledged assistance, according to Paul Mercer, OCUL president.

Paul Mercer, president of the Ohio league, OCUL Vice President John Florian, and
Bill Herring, president and CEO of Cincinnati Central Credit Union, joined
FEDCAR officials to visit Romanian parliamentarians Alexandru Peres and Corneliu
Olar to discuss different approaches to developing the appropriate legislation.
WOCCU EVP/COO Brian Branch, and Victor Miguel Corro, senior manager in charge of
the International Partnerships Program, were also part of the group.

One of the first steps toward effective credit union development is making sure
appropriate and enabling legislation is in place to help a movement grow.
FEDCAR, which represents just 17 of Romania's 2,900 credit unions, has already
strengthened it member institutions through stringent management training
requirements, strong representation and requiring its members to use PEARLS, a
financial performance monitoring program first established by WOCCU in 1990.

The delegation also visited several FEDCAR member credit unions to get a better
understanding of the issues facing individual institutions.

Women's Network Plans Two Engagment Events

MADISON, Wis.-WOCCU and the Global Women's Leadership Network are offering two
new engagement programs this year, one to Belarus and another to Kenya. Both
programs will provide credit union leaders a one-of-a-kind, hands-on way to
become directly involved in the global credit union movement, WOCCU said.

Participants will learn first-hand about the challenges other credit unions face
within their regulatory environments, as well as work alongside WOCCU
development staff on key credit union issues.

"Participants have the opportunity to travel to another country, learn about the
local credit union system and provide knowledge that will help other movements
flourish," said WOCCU EVP/COO Brian Branch "Each program needs different
expertise, so attendees should select one that best matches their interests."

Belarus, located in Central Europe, will host an engagement program from Sept.
4-10, with work focused on developing credit union legislation and regulation,
as well as providing staff training to the credit union trade association there.

The Kenya program will take place Oct. 30-Nov. 6 and participants will develop
savings and credit products tailored to meet the needs of the rural poor while
also seeing first-hand how small credit unions are reaching the unbanked through
an application service provider program that WOCCU developed. During the trip,
participants will also volunteer at a WOCCU-supported orphanage, Busia
Compassionate Centre.

For info: www.cuwomen.org/engagementprograms.

Landmark Legislation In Peru

LIMA, Peru-The government of Peru has passed landmark legislation that
recognizes the not-for-profit status of credit unions and other cooperatives and
grants them tax exemption.

La FederaciÃ³n Nacional de Cooperativas de Ahorro y CrÃ©dito del PerÃº
(FENACREP) had been working with a coalition of cooperative advocacy groups from
the time of the bill's introduction into the legislature in December 2009 to get
the new law passed.

Manuel Rabines Ripalda, 1st vice chair of WOCCU's board of directors and
president and CEO of FENACREP, sees the enactment of the law, which limits or
eliminates the application of sales tax to cooperative transactions, as an act
of justice for the cooperative movement in Peru, according to WOCCU, which noted
the country's cooperatives have long struggled to help lawmakers understand that
cooperatives' transactions with members are not designed to produce profit, thus
should not be taxed.

The law specifies the scope of two articles in Peru's existing General Law of
Cooperatives by recognizing that cooperatives are different from commercial
enterprises in that their transactions with members are cooperative acts. Since
these cooperative acts are considered internal-carried out in accordance with
the cooperatives' social objectives-they carry no motive for profit. Cooperative
acts are not considered a "sale of goods" or "provision of services," so the
sales tax associated with these activities is not applicable.

Nearly 20% of Peru's population, or nine million people, are members of around
1,600 cooperatives of different kinds. Nearly 900,000 people are members of 160
credit unions throughout the country.

Mobile Money Launches In Haiti

PORT-AU-PRINCE, Haiti-WOCCU has launched an initiative here to allow most
Haitians to conduct financial transactions on their cell phones.

The Haiti Mobile Money Initiative (HMMI), a partnership between the Bill &
Melinda Gates Foundation (Gates Foundation) and the U.S. Agency for
International Development (USAID), is managed by WOCCU's Haiti Integrated
Financing for Value Chains and Enterprises (HIFIVE) program.

According to WOCCU, HMMI is working with local mobile network operators and
their partner financial institutions to provide Haitians with improved access to
financial services nationwide. HMMI believes that access to safe and affordable
financial services is an effective means to providing disaster and poverty
relief and to stimulating economic development. Mobile money allows the poor in
rural or underserved areas to safely and cheaply receive, send and save money,
which directly contributes to improved economic well-being, WOCCU said.

HIFIVE has been involved in the HMMI since its launch in June 2010. WOCCU
oversees the program and has administrative authority over a grant from the
Gates Foundation to award one or more prizes to organizations that provide
mobile money services via cell phones to as many of Haiti's estimated 9.5
million people as possible.

The Gates Foundation funding provides up to $10 million in prize money for HMMI
program participants. Up to $5 million of technical assistance grants from USAID
are available to help address obstacles to the implementation of these payment
systems and to assure that HMMI's objectives of increasing mobile banking
availability are met.

"Haiti's devastating earthquake on Jan. 12, 2010, left 316,000 dead and more
than a million homeless, half of whom still live in tent camps," WOCCU said.
"Lack of a secure place to keep their money puts many Haitians at risk for
robbery and assault, problems that are reduced or eliminated through a
widespread cell phone banking program. Such payment platforms can help address
the limited points of financial service available in Haiti, where the population
in many zones may face more than a seven-hour walk to conduct the simplest
financial transaction."

Wis. CU Offers Lesson To Moldova

MADISON, Wis.-Ron Kase, CEO of Landmark Credit Union, shared his CU's story of
growing from $2 million in assets to $1.6 billion in assets with a visiting
group of four financial regulators from the former Soviet satellite country of
Moldova.

Kase's strategy to success: adhering to philosophy and maintaining consistency.
Kase told the visitors that credit unions grow best when they can mobilize
savings for both institutional strengthening and member service.

The Moldovans' visit to Landmark was the capstone to a week of credit union
education sponsored by WOCCU. The visiting regulators sought to better
understand how successful credit unions operate so their country's own fledgling
industry would be better poised to meet operational standards when the country
applies to join the European Union later this year.

"We know that savings-led development coupled with appropriate and enabling
regulations are key ingredients for credit union growth," said Dave Grace, WOCCU
senior vice president of association services who co-hosted the visitors with
Liliana Tangwall, WOCCU credit union analyst and a Moldova native.

Landmark was only one stop for the representatives from the National Commission
of Financial Market (NCFM), Moldova's financial regulatory body. The group also
visited with Madison Credit Union and Dane County Credit Union, both in Madison,
as well as the Wisconsin Credit Union League, CUNA, and even the Wisconsin
Department of Financial Institutions' Office of Credit Unions. A webinar
conducted from WOCCU's Madison headquarters with members of the European Network
of Credit Unions, WOCCU's sub-organization of European Union members, provided a
European context for what the regulators had learned.

In addition to savings mobilization, the delegation learned about risk-based
supervision, deposit insurance and the importance of sharing best practices
among credit unions, their trade association and their regulator, according to
Elena Pui, a board member of NCFM.

A CU That Owns Two Ambulances, Water

AIMÃ"N, Dominican Republic-In the mountainous central valley town of MaimÃ³n,
Dominican Republic, Cooperativa de Ahorros y CrÃ©ditos MaimÃ³n, Inc., celebrated
its 20th year of service with workshops, social gatherings and sporting
events-including a marathon to kick off the events.

But even more remarkable than the two decades of financial service, according to
WOCCU, is how the credit union has changed the social fabric of everyday life.
"The credit union has become a pillar of the community by adding value through
more than just financial services, offering vocational training programs to
hundreds of young adults, fortifying municipal water systems, providing two
ambulances and offering the only comprehensive funeral services in town," WOCCU
said.

The credit union provides vocational training to young people who might not
otherwise have the means for such preparation to enter the workforce or start
their own businesses, has built a water tower to bring running water to
residents who had previously been without, owns and operates a funeral home
adjacent to its offices and a hearse. A funeral insurance plan for members and
their families helps ease the financial and logistical burden of a death so the
family can focus on mourning the loss of their loved one, according to WOCCU.

The credit union's 43,000 members represent more than 60% of local residents,
and assets total about $52 million.

'All Types Belong'

"What makes MaimÃ³n credit union truly great is its social engagement to benefit
the community," said RamÃ³n Antonio Diaz GuzmÃ¡n, MaimÃ³n credit union board
president. "All types of people in the region, especially those most in need,
come to our institution to address small but systemic problems. MaimÃ³n credit
union will continue to leave footprints in the hearts of our members and the
community."

IRAC maintains diverse connections within the global credit union movement
through a partnership with the Wisconsin Credit Union League (WCUL), facilitated
by WOCCU's International Partnerships Program. The organizations first signed a
partnership agreement in October 2007.

Columbia CU Execs Spend Week Touring Missouri

FENTON, Mo.-Two Colombian credit unions executives spent a week with their
counterparts at Alliance Credit Union, learning how American financial
institutions operate and discussing their role in the economy.

Dennis Sommer, President and CEO of $187-million Alliance Credit Union arranged
the program through WOCCU. Sommer has a long association with credit unions
dating back to the 1970s when he was a Peace Corps volunteer working with credit
cooperatives in Cali, Colombia.

David Orjuela and Silvia Liliana Gonzalez visited the St. Louis area to learn
about the roles of credit unions within the United States financial system, as
well as specific practices used at Alliance Credit Union.

Lessons In Growth

Orjuela is the director of Risk Management at the Cooperativa de Ahorro Y
Credito Coprocenva in Cali, Colombia. Gonzalez is director of Collections at
Financiera Comultrasan Ltda. in Bucaramanga, Colombia.

"Being able to share how we manage our credit union and plan its future growth
with our South American neighbors was an outstanding learning experience for
everyone involved," Sommer said. "Our credit unions have many of the same
opportunities, and it was great to be able to exchange ideas on how to approach
those opportunities."

Louisiana CU Execs Spend Week at Canadian CU

HARAHAN, La.-A group of Louisiana credit union executives spent a week visiting
Servus Credit Union in Edmonton, Alberta to learn more about SCU's very
successful business services department.

The Louisiana league (LCUL) organized the trip in conjunction with WOCCU in
response to CU interest. The group includesd representatives from Barksdale FCU,
Jefferson Financial CU, La Capitol FCU, Louisiana FCU, and the Louisiana League.

During the trip, participants spent time at the credit union learning from
various senior staff members about the many facets of Servus CU's business
services operations, including credit applications, administration,
underwriting, and collections, as well as business deposit accounts, cash
management, payroll processing, employee solutions, and other member business
services.

For info: www.woccu.org.

URL: http://www.cujournal.com/

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter

JOURNAL-CODE: CUJ


                        Copyright 2011 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              944 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       The Metropolitan Corporate Counsel

                        June, 2003 Mid-Atlantic Edition

DC Bar CLE Program To Discuss USA Patriot Act

SECTION: CORPORATE COUNSEL ORGANIZATION HIGHLIGHTS MIDATLANTIC; Pg. 64

LENGTH: 269 words


The DC Bar CLE program and the DC Bar Corporation, Finance and Securities Law
Section will co-sponsor a course on The USA Patriot Act: Recent Developments on
Money Laundering Regulations for Banks and Broker Dealers.  It will be given
from 6 to 9:15 p.m. on Thursday, June 5 at the DC Bar Conference Center, 1250 H
Street, NW.

James E. Day, NASD, will chair the faculty.  Other members include: Richard
Coffman, Clifford Chance; William Langford, senior counsel, financial crimes,
U,.S. Department of the Treasury; Alan Sorcher, Securities Industry Association,
and Daniel P. Stipano, deputy general counsel, Office of the Comptroller of the
Currency.

They will review existing money laundering laws and regulations, consider the
new requirements of the USA Patriot Act, and provide practical tips on
compliance.  Issues to be considered include the expanded SAR regime, due
diligence for correspondence accounts, identification of "owners" of foreign
banks, required anti-money laundering programs, customer identification
procedures, forfeiture and record production requirements, expanded reporting
and increased civil and criminal penalties.

NASD, NYSE and bank regulator requirements, as well as the priorities of the SEC
and bank regulators in anti-money laundering programs will be considered.

Tuition is $ 70 for co-sponsoring section members, $ 80 for other DC Bar members
and $ 95 for nonmembers. On-site registration fees will be an added $ 20 each.
The seminar has been approved for three CLE credits in substantive law.  For
more information, contact the DC Bar CLE Office, (202) 626-3488.

LOAD-DATE: June 26, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

            Copyright 2003 The Metropolitan Corporate Counsel, Inc.

                              945 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                        Calgary Herald (Alberta, Canada)

                   January 25, 1996, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Mounties clean up in money-laundering bust

BYLINE: JOHN GRADON, CALGARY HERALD AND JANET STEFFENHAGEN, THE CANADIAN PRESS

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A3

LENGTH: 418 words


The issue: Anti-drug-trafficking, money-laundering operation.

What's new: Police end 42-month undercover operation with 120 arrests.

VANCOUVER - Undercover Mounties operating a foreign-currency-exchange office in
downtown Vancouver have busted 120 people for drug trafficking and money
laundering.

During the elaborate 42-month operation, some of the suspects' activities in
alleged liquor and cigarette smuggling revolved around Calgary and other parts
of Alberta.

RCMP Insp. Bruce Bowie said Wednesday that about 1,100 charges have been laid
and more are expected from "Project Eyespy" in British Columbia, Alberta,
Ontario and the northwestern United States.

Bowie told the Herald: "Some of the money involved here in Vancouver was based
on criminal activities with aspects in the Calgary area.

As yet there have been no actual arrests in Calgary, "but we hope there will be
in the near future."

Bowie, heading Vancouver RCMP's Proceeds of Crime section, said his unit had
received the "strong operational assistance" of Calgary RCMP's Customs and
Excise branch.

The heart of Project Eyespy was the bogus Pacific Rim International Currency
Exchange, staffed by officers to observe the laundering of profits from cocaine
sales in Canada and marijuana sales in the U.S.

The Mounties operated the business for almost three years -- breaking even,
despite operating costs of $ 2 million.

They shut up shop Wednesday and nabbed 90 people in Canada and 30 people in the
United States.

The busts came in simultaneous swoops in numerous areas.

The charges involve the laundering of about $ 40 million -- 60 per cent in
Canadian dollars from cocaine sales changed into U.S. dollars, 40 per cent in
U.S. dollars from marijuana sales changed into Canadian dollars.

The Canada-U.S. currency exchange would allow traffickers to purchase more
cocaine in the United States; the U.S.-Canada exchange allowed additional
purchases of high-grade hydroponic marijuana in B.C.

Bowie said about $ 7 million to $ 8 million of the $ 40 million came from
tobacco smuggling from Alberta, Ontario, Quebec and the United States where
tobacco taxes are lower than in B.C.

Bowie said police seized about 222 kilograms of marijuana, 815 kilograms of
cocaine, $ 2.5 million cash and several handguns.

Police also uncovered a kidnapping in the Seattle area and lost five suspects to
what police described as unnatural deaths.

"It was a fairly high-risk operation for our targets as well."


LOAD-DATE: January 26, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 1996 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              946 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           November 21, 2006 Tuesday

Canadian pleads guilty in money-laundering case

BYLINE: BERTRAND MAROTTE

SECTION: REPORT ON BUSINESS: CANADIAN; LITIGATION; Pg. B2

LENGTH: 375 words

DATELINE: MONTREAL


A Canadian accused of masterminding a $1-billion (U.S.) money-laundering scheme
has pleaded guilty in a New York court to agreeing to use his Bahamas investment
firm to hide the proceeds of narcotics trafficking.

Martin Tremblay, a native of Chicoutimi, Que., pleaded guilty yesterday in U.S.
Court for the Southern District of New York to violating U.S. money-laundering
laws by agreeing to launder hundreds of thousands of dollars worth of narcotics
proceeds - part of a federal sting operation.

Mr. Tremblay, 43, initially pleaded not guilty to charges of money laundering
when he appeared in a Manhattan court and was charged in January.

The offence to which Mr. Tremblay pleaded guilty yesterday carries a maximum
prison sentence of 20 years and a maximum fine of $500,000, the U.S. Attorney
for the Southern District of New York said in a press release.

Mr. Tremblay is to be sentenced Feb. 13.

According to one report yesterday, lawyers for both sides have agreed that a
sentence of 70 to 87 months - the equivalent of about five years - would be
appropriate, but it is up to the judge to decide what the penalty will be.

According to the allegations, Mr. Tremblay was videotaped by the New York
Organized Crime Drug Enforcement Strike Force last year agreeing to launder
money from an alleged drug sale.

About $220,000 was allegedly wire transferred by undercover federal agents to
accounts linked to his company, Dominion Investments Ltd.

In his plea, Mr. Tremblay admitted that he met in Manhattan in March of 2005
with undercover agents who asked for his help in the money-laundering scheme,
according to the press release.

He also admitted that he received a wire transfer from a business the undercover
agents said they had used in the scheme.

Mr. Tremblay made headlines in April when he hired celebrity criminal lawyer
Alan Dershowitz and his brother Nathan - also a lawyer - as consultants on his
case.

The two brothers worked together on the legal "dream team" that won acquittal
for O.J. Simpson at his murder trial.

The allegations against Mr. Tremblay in an 11-page indictment unsealed earlier
this year included the claim that between 2003 and 2004, more than $1-billion
was moved through bank accounts tied to Dominion.

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2006 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              947 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               Los Angeles Times

                            February 12, 2017 Sunday
                                  Home Edition

Tijuana councilman faces charges;
Luis Torres Santillan is among 12 accused of money laundering. He has pleaded
not guilty.

BYLINE: Sandra Dibble, Dibble writes for the San Diego Union-Tribune.

SECTION: CALIFORNIA; Metro Desk; Part B; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 954 words

DATELINE:  SAN DIEGO


The case of a Tijuana city councilman facing money laundering charges in San
Diego was back in court last week -- but with 12 defendants and more than 30,000
pages of evidence, resolution could be months away.

Luis Torres Santillan, who has pleaded not guilty, was one of eight suspects who
appeared before San Diego County Superior Court Judge Runston Maino during a
brief hearing Thursday.

The judge agreed to continue the hearing March 22, allowing defense attorneys
additional time to review the wiretap transcripts, financial records and other
material filed by the prosecution.

Torres, a well-connected businessman from a prominent Tijuana family, was
arrested Dec. 16 after an inquiry by U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement
Homeland Security Investigations. He is charged with 10 counts of money
laundering by the San Diego County district attorney's office.

Torres, who is on leave from the Tijuana City Council, wore a business suit to
court, in contrast with his two previous hearings in December and early January,
when he was still in custody and wearing an inmate's uniform. Family members of
Torres and other defendants filled the courtroom.

Since posting $300,000 bail last month, Torres has been free to cross the
border, said his San Diego attorney, Anthony Colombo Jr. "There's been no
restrictions placed on his business activities in the United States," Colombo
said.

Torres, 37, is named in a complaint that is one of three linked money laundering
cases in San Diego Superior Court, with a total of 21 defendants.

Early this month, three defendants in one of the two other cases pleaded guilty
and are scheduled for sentencing March 7, according to the district attorney's
office.

John Dunn, the deputy district attorney prosecuting Torres' case, said that
Torres was a client of a Tijuana-based operation that laundered more than $10
million between October 2014 and July 2016.

Torres' co-defendants include David Javier Espinoza, 48, and his wife, Claudia
Ramirez, 47, described by Dunn as leaders of the organization that operated out
of their family's money exchange business in Tijuana, Centro Cambiario Olymar.

"U.S. currency would be collected there and then smuggled across the border,"
Dunn said. After being deposited into U.S. accounts, the funds were "transferred
almost immediately back down to Mexican banks."

Between July 2015 and July 2016, their organization made 18 deposits on behalf
of Torres totaling about $675,000, Dunn said.

Several of the suspects are connected through long-term friendships and family
ties. One the defendants is the 20-year-old son of Espinoza and Ramirez, David
Alejandro. Another is a close family friend of the couple: Karla Escalante, 47,
and her 22-year-old son, Jorge Carlos Escalante.

Four of the 12 suspects remain at large. All but one of the eight suspects taken
into custody in December have posted bail, and all eight have pleaded not
guilty. Like Torres, several have dual U.S.-Mexican citizenship.

"I do not believe from any of the evidence that I've reviewed that he's engaged
in any of the crimes that he's accused of," Colombo, Torres' attorney, said
after Thursday's court hearing.

Peter Blair, an attorney representing Escalante, said his client was asked by
Espinoza and his wife to deposit funds on their behalf. "She thought it was a
legitimate business-related situation and the Espinozas told her everything was
fine," Blair said.

"We've seen nothing that would tie my client to any criminal activity
whatsoever."

Torres joined the Tijuana City Council on Dec. 1 as part of a National Action
Party group connected to Tijuana Mayor Juan Manuel Gastelum. He has for several
years been general manager of Productos Diamond. Founded by Torres' grandfather,
the Tijuana company imports items such as beans, lentils and rice from suppliers
in the United States, Canada and China and distributes them in Mexico through
customers that include the Calimax supermarket chain, Smart & Final, Walmart and
others.

Dunn, the prosecutor, has offered few details, saying he is barred from talking
about matters that have not been discussed in open court. But a court document
filed on Torres' behalf sheds some light on the case.

According to the defense document, the district attorney's office is alleging
that Torres opened a shell company in San Diego, Towers Trading and Transport
Inc., whose U.S. bank accounts were used to to launder funds "that were the
proceeds of drug trafficking."

But the document states that Torres did nothing illegal.

It says Towers Trading and Transport was incorporated about a decade ago to
facilitate payment of grain suppliers in the United States and Canada, as
banking reforms in Mexico "made banking difficult for legitimate businesses in
Mexico."

Funds deposited into Towers Trading and Transport accounts were "legitimately
earned from the sale of grains in Mexico and then used to purchase more grain,"
it says.

According to Torres' account of events, two years ago, "due to a strong dollar
and weakened peso," Torres' Tijuana company, Productos Diamond, contracted with
Centro Cambiario Olymar because it was "offering a much better exchange rate
than the banks," the defense document states. The agreement was that Productos
Diamond would provide checks in pesos to the money exchange house "earned from
the sale of grain in Mexico," according to the defense.

Centro Cambiario Olymar's responsibility "was then to convert the pesos into
dollars and legally import the dollars into the United States to be deposited
into Towers Trading and Transport's United States bank accounts," the document
states.

David Javier Espinoza's attorney, Roland Haddad, did not return phone calls
seeking comment.

--

sandra.dibble@sduniontribune.com

LOAD-DATE: February 12, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: TIJUANA CITY COUNCILMAN Luis Torres Santillan, right, appears in
San Diego County Superior Court with his attorney, Anthony Colombo Jr. Torres,
37, is well-connected and from a prominent Tijuana family.  PHOTOGRAPHER:Ana
Gomez Frontera

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Wire

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2017 Los Angeles Times
                              All Rights Reserved

                              948 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 17, 2016 Thursday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Financial Crimes Enforcement Network; Withdrawal of Finding
Regarding JSC CredexBank

LENGTH: 1091  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



   DEPARTMENT OF THE TREASURY Financial Crimes Enforcement Network 31 CFR Part
1010 RIN 1506-AB19 Financial Crimes Enforcement Network; Withdrawal of Finding
Regarding JSC CredexBank AGENCY: Financial Crimes Enforcement Network
(``FinCEN''), Treasury. ACTION: Withdrawal of finding.
----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
This document withdraws FinCEN's finding that JSC CredexBank (``Credex''),
renamed JSC InterPayBank (``InterPay''), is a financial institution of primary
money laundering concern, pursuant to Section 311 of the USA PATRIOT Act
(``Section 311''). Because of material subsequent developments that have
mitigated the money laundering risks associated with Credex, FinCEN has
determined that Credex is no longer a primary money laundering concern that
warrants the implementation of a special measure under Section 311. Elsewhere in
this issue of the Federal Register, FinCEN is publishing a withdrawal of the
related notice of proposed rulemaking that would have imposed two special
measures against Credex.

DATES: The finding is withdrawn as of March 17, 2016. FOR FURTHER INFORMATION
CONTACT: The FinCEN Resource Center at (800) 767-2825. SUPPLEMENTARY
INFORMATION: I. Background On October 26, 2001, the President signed into law
the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to
Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001, Public Law 107-56 (the ``USA
PATRIOT Act,'' codified at 31 U.S.C. 5318A). Title III of the USA PATRIOT Act
amends the anti-money laundering provisions of the Bank Secrecy Act (``BSA''),
codified at 12 U.S.C. 1829b, 12 U.S.C. 1951- 1959, and 31 U.S.C. 5311-5314,
5316-5332, to promote the prevention, detection, and prosecution of
international money laundering and the financing of terrorism. Regulations
implementing the BSA appear at 31 CFR chapter X. The authority of the Secretary
of the Treasury to administer the BSA and its implementing regulations has been
delegated to the Director of FinCEN. Section 311 of the USA PATRIOT Act
(``Section 311'') grants the Director of FinCEN the authority, upon finding that
reasonable grounds exist for concluding that a foreign jurisdiction, foreign
financial institution, class of transactions, or type of account is of ``primary
money laundering concern,'' to require domestic financial institutions and
financial agencies to take certain ``special measures'' to address the primary
money laundering concern. The special measures enumerated under Section 311 are
prophylactic safeguards that defend the U.S. financial system from money
laundering and terrorist financing. FinCEN may impose one or more of these
special measures in order to protect the U.S. financial system from these
threats. To that end, special measures one through four, codified at 31 U.S.C.
5318A(b)(1-4), impose additional recordkeeping, information collection, and
information reporting requirements on covered U.S. financial institutions. The
fifth special measure, codified at 31 U.S.C. 5318A(b)(5), allows the Director to
prohibit or impose conditions on the opening or maintaining of correspondent or
payable-through accounts for the identified institution by U.S. financial
institutions. II. The Finding and Notice of Proposed Rulemaking A. The Finding
and Notice of Proposed Rulemaking Based upon review and analysis of relevant
information, consultations with relevant Federal agencies and departments, and
after consideration of the factors enumerated in Section 311, the Director of
FinCEN found that reasonable grounds existed for concluding that JSC CredexBank
(``Credex'') was a financial institution of primary money laundering concern, as
published in the Federal Register on May 25, 2012.\1\ FinCEN published a notice
of proposed rulemaking proposing (``NPRM'') to impose the first and fifth
special measures on May 30, 2012, pursuant to the authority under 31 U.S.C.
5318A.\2\
--------------------------------------------------------------------------- \1\
See 77 FR 31434 (May 25, 2012). \2\ See 77 FR 31795 (May 30, 2012) (RIN
1506-AB19).
--------------------------------------------------------------------------- B.
Subsequent Developments Since FinCEN's finding and related NPRM regarding
Credex, material facts regarding the circumstances of the proposed rulemaking
have changed. On May 8, 2015, the National Bank of the Republic of Belarus
(``NBRB''), the Belarusian central bank and monetary authority with control over
bank supervision and regulation, revoked the banking license of InterPay, the
successor of Credex, and delisted InterPay from the list of banks published by
the NBRB.\3\ In late January 2016, InterPay was also listed by the NBRB as being
in the process of bankruptcy and liquidation.\4\ Because of the actions taken by
the Belarusian banking authorities and the ongoing liquidation of InterPay's
assets, InterPay no longer operates as a foreign financial institution.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------- \3\
See Press Release, National Bank of the Republic of Belarus. About Revocation of
the Banking License from `InterPayBank' Joint Stock Company. (May 8, 2015).
http://www.nbrb.by/Press/?nId=101&l=en (accessed January 27, 2016); see also
Press Release, National Bank of the Republic of Belarus. Register of Banking
Licenses as at 27 January 2016. (January 27, 2016).
http://www.nbrb.by/engl/system/register.asp (accessed January 27, 2016). \4\ See
Press Release, National Bank of the Republic of Belarus. Information on Banks
Under Bankruptcy or Liquidation in the Republic of Belarus as of 27.01.2016.
(January 27, 2016). http://www.nbrb.by/engl/system/ex-banks.asp (accessed
January 27, 2016).
--------------------------------------------------------------------------- III.
Withdrawal of the Finding For the reasons set forth above, FinCEN hereby
withdraws its finding that Credex/InterPay is of primary [[Page 14390]] money
laundering concern, published on May 25, 2012. FinCEN's withdrawal of the
finding does not acknowledge any remedial measure taken by Credex/InterPay, but
results from the fact that Credex/ InterPay no longer operates as a foreign
financial institution. Jamal El-Hindi, Deputy Director, Financial Crimes
Enforcement Network. [FR Doc. 2016-04412 Filed 3-16-16; 8:45 am] BILLING CODE
4810-02-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              949 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                     January 8, 2000 Saturday FINAL EDITION

TRASH OFFICIAL MAY PAY MILLIONS;
PROSECUTOR ASKS JUDGE FOR RESTITUTION FUNDS AFTER DEFUNCT ORINDA-MORAGA DISPOSAL
EXECUTIVE WAS JAILED FOR MONEY LAUNDERING

BYLINE: Andy Jokelson

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A03

LENGTH: 666 words

DATELINE: OAKLAND


OAKLAND -- A prosecutor wants a judge to require more than $2.8 million in
restitution from a former Lamorinda garbage company official via monthly
payments during and after his imprisonment for money laundering.

Martha Boersch, an assistant U.S. attorney, proposed that U.S. District Court
Judge Claudia Wilken order William Douglas Lomow, 43, to pay $50 a month or 10
percent of his gross income, whichever is greater, while incarcerated.

After his release, he should make monthly payments of $100 a month or 10 percent
of his gross income, whichever is greater, Boersch said in a memorandum filed
Monday in U.S. District Court.

Proceeds from the sale of properties controlled by Lomow would also go toward
restitution.

The money would go into an interest-bearing account for distribution to
ratepayers served by the now-defunct Orinda-Moraga Disposal firm between May 31,
1990, and February 1996.

Lomow pleaded guilty in 1998 to money laundering and conspiracy to commit money
laundering. Boersch's memo said he agreed at the time to pay $2,862,657 in
restitution.

Prosecutors say he and former partner Robert Sliepka diverted an estimated $3
million from Orinda-Moraga Disposal for their own benefit.

Wilken is scheduled to sentence Lomow on Jan. 24 to a prison term and has
requested information on which to base a restitution requirement. Lomow,
currently at the Federal Correctional Institution in Dublin awaiting sentencing,
has been in custody since April.

His lawyer, Gilbert Eisenberg, has said Lomow is unable to pay restitution. In a
court document, Eisenberg wrote that what Lomow owned has "either been seized by
the receiver or the defendant has agreed to provide these funds to the receiver
such as accounts in the Bahamas.

"There are no other assets from which to pay restitution," Eisenberg wrote.

But Boersch's memo says that, despite Lomow's claim of indigence, the court
should order restitution, given his "educational background, his business
experience, and his demonstrated ability to earn a substantial income," as well
as his possible assets that the government is unaware of.

Lomow is accused of creating sham companies where Orinda-Moraga Disposal paid
for phony expenses from its operating account. Prosecutors also say some
Orinda-Moraga Disposal clients' payments were deposited into bank accounts that
Lomow kept off the garbage company's books.

"These amounts were then used in (Orinda-Moraga Disposal's) books and records to
falsely increase its expenses and decrease its revenues," Boersch's memo said.

That led the Central Contra Costa Sanitary District, which regulated the company
at the time, to award the firm "rate increases to which it was not entitled,"
Boersch wrote.

Lomow has requested a 13-month sentence, partly based on a "diminished capacity"
defense that an "insidious depression" clouded his judgment and contributed to
his actions. Sliepka is serving a 15-month sentence at a minimum-security
Southern California prison camp after pleading guilty to federal income tax
evasion.

Prosecutors have proposed a sentence exceeding 10 years for Lomow, accusing him
of obstruction of justice for allegedly lying and hiding assets even after his
guilty pleas.

A court-appointed receiver, pursuing assets controlled by Lomow, has sold some
equipment and recovered money from some bank accounts. After deducting the
receiver's expenses, the $31,867 remainder can be used to reduce his restitution
obligations, according to Boersch's memo.

But the receiver, Steve Anderson, does not have title to any real estate
controlled by Lomow in Idaho and elsewhere "because of the myriad trusts the
defendant established to protect his assets," Boersch wrote.

So Anderson cannot sell that property, the memo said, and "though Lomow has
claimed in court that he would execute whatever documents are required for the
receiver to get title to the property, as of this date, he has not done so."

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2000 Contra Costa Times
                              All Rights Reserved

                              950 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 14, 2016 Friday

Washington: Mexican man pleads to methamphetamine trafficking, money laundering
while serving a sentence in an Oklahoma state prison

LENGTH: 503  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement has issued the following
news release:



 An illegal alien from Mexico pleaded guilty Friday to methamphetamine
trafficking and money laundering while he was serving a sentence in an Oklahoma
state prison.





 This case was investigated by U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement's (ICE)
Homeland Security Investigations (HSI).



 Oscar Garcia, 46, was in Oklahoma state custody serving a prison sentence on an
unrelated drug-trafficking conviction at the time he committed the crimes to
which he pleaded guilty Oct. 7. Under the terms of his plea agreement, Garcia
will be sentenced to 15 years in prison; after he completes his sentence, he
will be turned over to ICE custody and placed in removal proceedings.



 Garcia was charged in a nine-count indictment filed in April 2016, with
co-defendants Leslie Frank Williams, 52; Andy Garcia, 43; and Domingo Rodriguez,
46, all of Deming, New Mexico; and Estella Aguilar, 44, of Tucson, Arizona.



 The indictment alleged that the five co-defendants conspired to distribute
methamphetamine from July 2015 through April 2016.  It also charged Williams
with distributing methamphetamine on four occasions between January and
September 2015. Williams and Rodriguez were charged with distributing
methamphetamine in November 2015.  Rodriguez, Oscar Garcia and Andy Garcia were
charged with possessing methamphetamine with intent to distribute in January
2016.



 The indictment also charged Rodriguez, Oscar Garcia and Aguilar with conspiring
to commit money laundering offenses Feb. 10, 2016; and Aguilar was charged with
committing money laundering Feb. 10, 2016.  According to the indictment, these
crimes took place in Luna County, New Mexico. The indictment includes forfeiture
allegations seeking forfeiture of $1 million in drug proceeds.



 On Friday, Oscar Garcia admitted that from June 2015 through May 2016, while
operating from his Oklahoma prison cell, used a cellphone to facilitate
distributing about 4.5 kilograms (about 10 pounds) of methamphetamine.  Oscar
Garcia further admitted that from Feb. 8 to Feb. 10, 2016, he arranged for a
person to travel from Arizona to Deming to pick up drug proceeds and deliver the
money to a co-conspirator.  Oscar Garcia remains in custody pending a sentencing
hearing, which has yet to be scheduled.



 To date, three other defendants have entered guilty pleas related to this
crime. Andy Garcia pleaded guilty Oct. 5, 2016, and, under the terms of his plea
agreement, he will be sentenced to 10 years in prison.  Rodriguez and Williams
entered guilty pleas Sept. 13 and Sept. 20, 2016, respectively.  Sentencing
hearings for these three defendants have yet to be scheduled. Aguilar pleaded
not guilty to charges in the indictment.



 Charges in indictments are merely accusations and defendants are presumed
innocent unless found guilty beyond a reasonable doubt.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              951 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 14, 2016 Friday

Washington: Mexican man pleads to methamphetamine trafficking, money laundering
while serving a sentence in an Oklahoma state prison

LENGTH: 503  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement has issued the following
news release:



 An illegal alien from Mexico pleaded guilty Friday to methamphetamine
trafficking and money laundering while he was serving a sentence in an Oklahoma
state prison.





 This case was investigated by U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement's (ICE)
Homeland Security Investigations (HSI).



 Oscar Garcia, 46, was in Oklahoma state custody serving a prison sentence on an
unrelated drug-trafficking conviction at the time he committed the crimes to
which he pleaded guilty Oct. 7. Under the terms of his plea agreement, Garcia
will be sentenced to 15 years in prison; after he completes his sentence, he
will be turned over to ICE custody and placed in removal proceedings.



 Garcia was charged in a nine-count indictment filed in April 2016, with
co-defendants Leslie Frank Williams, 52; Andy Garcia, 43; and Domingo Rodriguez,
46, all of Deming, New Mexico; and Estella Aguilar, 44, of Tucson, Arizona.



 The indictment alleged that the five co-defendants conspired to distribute
methamphetamine from July 2015 through April 2016.  It also charged Williams
with distributing methamphetamine on four occasions between January and
September 2015. Williams and Rodriguez were charged with distributing
methamphetamine in November 2015.  Rodriguez, Oscar Garcia and Andy Garcia were
charged with possessing methamphetamine with intent to distribute in January
2016.



 The indictment also charged Rodriguez, Oscar Garcia and Aguilar with conspiring
to commit money laundering offenses Feb. 10, 2016; and Aguilar was charged with
committing money laundering Feb. 10, 2016.  According to the indictment, these
crimes took place in Luna County, New Mexico. The indictment includes forfeiture
allegations seeking forfeiture of $1 million in drug proceeds.



 On Friday, Oscar Garcia admitted that from June 2015 through May 2016, while
operating from his Oklahoma prison cell, used a cellphone to facilitate
distributing about 4.5 kilograms (about 10 pounds) of methamphetamine.  Oscar
Garcia further admitted that from Feb. 8 to Feb. 10, 2016, he arranged for a
person to travel from Arizona to Deming to pick up drug proceeds and deliver the
money to a co-conspirator.  Oscar Garcia remains in custody pending a sentencing
hearing, which has yet to be scheduled.



 To date, three other defendants have entered guilty pleas related to this
crime. Andy Garcia pleaded guilty Oct. 5, 2016, and, under the terms of his plea
agreement, he will be sentenced to 10 years in prison.  Rodriguez and Williams
entered guilty pleas Sept. 13 and Sept. 20, 2016, respectively.  Sentencing
hearings for these three defendants have yet to be scheduled. Aguilar pleaded
not guilty to charges in the indictment.



 Charges in indictments are merely accusations and defendants are presumed
innocent unless found guilty beyond a reasonable doubt.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              952 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                            February 19, 2017 Sunday
                                  WEB Edition

Former Philly-area attorney, father accused of $13 million Ponzi scheme

BYLINE: Julie Shaw; STAFF WRITER

SECTION: WEB; P-com Biz Law; Pg. WEB

LENGTH: 564 words


A former attorney, who previously had offices in Philadelphia and Cherry Hill,
and his father have been indicted by federal authorities in an alleged $13
million Ponzi scheme.

Michael Kwasnik, 47, of North Miami Beach, Fla., and his father, William
Kwasnik, 68, of Marlton, were indicted Thursday by a federal grand jury in
Camden on five counts of fraud, seven counts of money laundering, and one count
of conspiracy to commit money laundering. The Kwasniks, who are not in custody,
are to appear Tuesday before a federal magistrate in Camden for detention
hearings. Michael Kwasnik has also been charged with eight counts of transacting
in criminal proceeds.

He previously owned and operated Kwasnik, Rodio, Kanowitz & Buckley and its
successor, Kwasnik, Kanowitz & Associates.

According to Thursday's federal indictment, the son and father, who owned and
operated an insurance company, Abby Grant, in Lakewood and Cherry Hill, had
carried out a scheme to defraud clients of Michael Kwasnik's law firm by
diverting funds from clients' trust accounts to accounts controlled by the
Kwasniks. More than $13 million was collected from more than 40 clients over a
three-year period, from October 2008 to November 2011, federal authorities
allege.

The Kwasniks are accused of laundering ill-gotten funds through the entities
they controlled, including Abby Grant and Liberty State Benefits of
Pennsylvania.

Ultimately, they used at least $10 million of the stolen funds to pay
operational expenses for their businesses and for personal expenses for
themselves and their families, the indictment alleges.

The expenses included attorney fees incurred by the Kwasniks to defend
themselves in various lawsuits; office leases; car payments; and credit card
payments, the indictment says.  Richard Klineburger, Michael Kwasnik's attorney,
said Saturday: "Michael, of course, is very disappointed that the grand jury
returned an indictment after he presented many proofs showing this was, in fact,
more of a situation of professional negligence rather than criminal conduct. He
may have been a bad investor, but he's not a thief." Daniella Gordon, William
Kwasnik's attorney, said: "The indictment paints a very incomplete picture of
events and William Kwasnik's involvement, and it's unfortunate that he's facing
these charges. He believes he will ultimately be vindicated and we hope that
happens sooner rather than later."

According to online records, Michael Kwasnik's law license has been suspended in
Pennsylvania and New Jersey.

This is not his first time facing criminal charges.

In November 2011, he was criminally charged with bilking a 96-year-old Cherry
Hill widow out of $1.1 million. He pleaded guilty to those charges. Jail time
was limited to the five months that he had been held at the Camden County Jail
following his arrest.

In October 2015, in a civil case, he and two other men were ordered by a New
Jersey Superior Court judge to pay $14 million in restitution for running a
Ponzi scheme that defrauded scores of elderly investors in New Jersey and
Pennsylvania between 2008 and 2010. The order stemmed from a civil suit brought
by the New Jersey Bureau of Securities. Authorities had said Michael Kwasnik ran
that scheme, which involved unregistered securities, through his investment
company Liberty State Benefits of Pennsylvania, based for a time in Philadelphia
and Cherry Hill.

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2017 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved

                              953 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Austin American-Statesman (Texas)

                           January 27, 2005 Thursday

NEWSMAKERS

BYLINE: Compiled by Katherine Dillinger, AMERICAN-STATESMAN STAFF

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A2

LENGTH: 602 words


Sexton to release album

Homegrown favorite Charlie Sexton is set to release his first album since 1995's
"Under the Wishing Tree" in July.

Recently signed to Back Porch Records/EMI, Sexton spent four years touring as
Bob Dylan's guitarist and has become a producer of note, helming projects by
Lucinda Williams, Jon Dee Graham, Edie Brickell and others.

He will debut material from the new album at this year's South By Southwest
festival.

-- Michael Corcoran

Jewel heist solved

A man has been charged with stealing more than $500,000 in jewelry from Hank
Williams Jr.'s country retreat in Paris, Tenn., authorities said.

Williams and his family were sleeping in the home Jan. 19 when the thief stole a
60-pound safe containing the jewelry, according to the Henry County sheriff's
department.

The alarm system in the 10,000-square-foot house wasn't on that night.

A new neighbor, Ryan Daniel Binkley, is charged with aggravated burglary and
theft of property. Binkley, 22, is in jail on unrelated drug charges and is
being held without bail.

The Inc.'s top dog charged with laundering

According to federal agents, rap mogul Irv "Gotti" Lorenzo wasn't just making
music over at the Inc.

After being under investigation for years, the label head and his brother,
Christopher, surrendered to the FBI on Wednesday on charges of money laundering.

Federal prosecutors charged that the label, whose roster includes superstars
Ashanti and Ja Rule, was part of a criminal ring that carried out street
assassinations to protect interstate heroin and crack operations headed by
Lorenzo's childhood buddy Kenneth "Supreme" McGriff, an infamous drug kingpin.

According to the indictment, the Lorenzo brothers and McGriff funneled more than
$1 million in drug money through the Inc., which is a branch of Island Def Jam
Music Group.

The Lorenzo brothers could get up to 20 years in prison on the money laundering
charges, and McGriff faces the death penalty for homicide.

Presidential 'homeboy'

One-time Austin American-Statesman state Capitol bureau chief and journalistic
jokester Ken Herman is now covering the White House for Cox Newspapers'
Washington Bureau, which gives him a chance to needle a former Texas governor.

At Wednesday's news conference, President Bush and Herman traded questions and
jibes about Social Security and getting old, with Bush at one point allowing
Herman a second question, "a homeboy follow-up."

Cracked Herman later: "Yeah, just a couple of Texas homeboys. One from
Connecticut, one from Brooklyn." (Herman's a Big Apple native.)

Anderson held in assault

Lynn Anderson, who won a Grammy for "Rose Garden" in 1970, is accused of
shoplifting a "Harry Potter" DVD from a supermarket and then punching a police
officer as she was being put into a patrol car, The Associated Press says.

Anderson, 57, was arrested Monday night at Smith's Food & Drug Center in Taos,
N.M., police Chief Neil Curran says. She was taken to police headquarters, where
she refused the option of a written citation, he said.

A Taos County magistrate released Anderson on her own recognizance. An
arraignment was scheduled for this week.

In December, Anderson was charged with drunken driving after police found her
passed out in her car on the shoulder of a highway near Denton.

Today's birthdays

Actor James Cromwell is 65. Ballet star Mikhail Baryshnikov is 57. Country
singer Cheryl White is 50. Actress Mimi Rogers is 49. Actress Bridget Fonda is
41. Actor Alan Cumming is 40. Country singer Tracy Lawrence is 37. Musician
Tricky is 37. Country singer Kevin Denney is 29.

Newsmakers compiled by Katherine Dillinger

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Ken Herman
Charlie Sexton
Hank Williams Jr.
Irv 'Gotti' Lorenzo, left, and his brother, not pictured, are charged with
laundering money from a drug ring that federal prosecutors say carried out
assassinations.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2005 The Austin American Statesman

                              954 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 31, 2015 Tuesday

Washington: Former Federal Agents Charged with Bitcoin Money Laundering and Wire
Fraud

LENGTH: 819  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

Two former federal agents have been charged with wire fraud, money laundering
and related offenses for stealing digital currency during their investigation of
the Silk Road, an underground black market that allowed users to conduct illegal
transactions over the Internet. The charges are contained in a federal criminal
complaint issued on March 25, 2015, in the Northern District of California and
unsealed today.

Assistant Attorney General Leslie R. Caldwell of the Justice Department's
Criminal Division, U.S. Attorney Melinda Haag of the Northern District of
California, Special Agent in Charge David J. Johnson of the FBI's San Francisco
Division, Special Agent in Charge José M. Martinez of the Internal Revenue
Service-Criminal Investigation's (IRS-CI) San Francisco Division, Special Agent
in Charge Michael P. Tompkins of the Justice Department's Office of the
Inspector General Washington Field Office and Special Agent in Charge Lori
Hazenstab of the Department of Homeland Security's Office of the Inspector
General in Washington D.C. made the announcement.

Carl M. Force, 46, of Baltimore, was a Special Agent with the Drug Enforcement
Administration (DEA), and Shaun W. Bridges, 32, of Laurel, Maryland, was a
Special Agent with the U.S. Secret Service (USSS). Both were assigned to the
Baltimore Silk Road Task Force, which investigated illegal activity in the Silk
Road marketplace. Force served as an undercover agent and was tasked with
establishing communications with a target of the investigation, Ross Ulbricht,
aka "Dread Pirate Roberts." Force is charged with wire fraud, theft of
government property, money laundering and conflict of interest. Bridges is
charged with wire fraud and money laundering.

According to the complaint, Force was a DEA agent assigned to investigate the
Silk Road marketplace. During the investigation, Force engaged in certain
authorized undercover operations by, among other things, communicating online
with "Dread Pirate Roberts" (Ulbricht), the target of his investigation. The
complaint alleges, however, that Force then, without authority, developed
additional online personas and engaged in a broad range of illegal activities
calculated to bring him personal financial gain. In doing so, the complaint
alleges, Force used fake online personas, and engaged in complex Bitcoin
transactions to steal from the government and the targets of the investigation.
Specifically, Force allegedly solicited and received digital currency as part of
the investigation, but failed to report his receipt of the funds, and instead
transferred the currency to his personal account. In one such transaction, Force
allegedly sold information about the government's investigation to the target of
the investigation. The complaint also alleges that Force invested in and worked
for a digital currency exchange company while still working for the DEA, and
that he directed the company to freeze a customer's account with no legal basis
to do so, then transferred the customer's funds to his personal account.
Further, Force allegedly sent an unauthorized Justice Department subpoena to an
online payment service directing that it unfreeze his personal account.

Bridges allegedly diverted to his personal account over $800,000 in digital
currency that he gained control of during the Silk Road investigation. The
complaint alleges that Bridges placed the assets into an account at Mt. Gox, the
now-defunct digital currency exchange in Japan. He then allegedly wired funds
into one of his personal investment accounts in the United States mere days
before he sought a $2.1 million seizure warrant for Mt. Gox's accounts.

Bridges self-surrendered today and will appear before Magistrate Judge
Maria-Elena James of the Northern District of California at 9:30 a.m. PST this
morning. Force was arrested on Friday, March 27, 2015, in Baltimore and will
appear before Magistrate Judge Timothy J. Sullivan of the District of Maryland
at 2:30 p.m. EST today.

The charges contained in the complaint are merely accusations, and the
defendants are presumed innocent unless and until proven guilty.

The case was investigated by the FBI's San Francisco Division, the IRS-CI's San
Francisco Division, the Department of Justice Office of the Inspector General
and the Department of Homeland Security Office of the Inspector General in
Washington D.C. The Treasury Department's Financial Crimes Enforcement Network
also provided assistance with the investigation of this case. The case is being
prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorneys Kathryn Haun and William Frentzen of the
Northern District of California and Trial Attorney Richard B. Evans of the
Criminal Division's Public Integrity Section.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com


LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              955 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 30, 2015 Monday

Washington: Former Federal Agents Charged with Bitcoin Money Laundering and Wire
Fraud

LENGTH: 819  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

Two former federal agents have been charged with wire fraud, money laundering
and related offenses for stealing digital currency during their investigation of
the Silk Road, an underground black market that allowed users to conduct illegal
transactions over the Internet. The charges are contained in a federal criminal
complaint issued on March 25, 2015, in the Northern District of California and
unsealed today.

Assistant Attorney General Leslie R. Caldwell of the Justice Department's
Criminal Division, U.S. Attorney Melinda Haag of the Northern District of
California, Special Agent in Charge David J. Johnson of the FBI's San Francisco
Division, Special Agent in Charge José M. Martinez of the Internal Revenue
Service-Criminal Investigation's (IRS-CI) San Francisco Division, Special Agent
in Charge Michael P. Tompkins of the Justice Department's Office of the
Inspector General Washington Field Office and Special Agent in Charge Lori
Hazenstab of the Department of Homeland Security's Office of the Inspector
General in Washington D.C. made the announcement.

Carl M. Force, 46, of Baltimore, was a Special Agent with the Drug Enforcement
Administration (DEA), and Shaun W. Bridges, 32, of Laurel, Maryland, was a
Special Agent with the U.S. Secret Service (USSS). Both were assigned to the
Baltimore Silk Road Task Force, which investigated illegal activity in the Silk
Road marketplace. Force served as an undercover agent and was tasked with
establishing communications with a target of the investigation, Ross Ulbricht,
aka "Dread Pirate Roberts." Force is charged with wire fraud, theft of
government property, money laundering and conflict of interest. Bridges is
charged with wire fraud and money laundering.

According to the complaint, Force was a DEA agent assigned to investigate the
Silk Road marketplace. During the investigation, Force engaged in certain
authorized undercover operations by, among other things, communicating online
with "Dread Pirate Roberts" (Ulbricht), the target of his investigation. The
complaint alleges, however, that Force then, without authority, developed
additional online personas and engaged in a broad range of illegal activities
calculated to bring him personal financial gain. In doing so, the complaint
alleges, Force used fake online personas, and engaged in complex Bitcoin
transactions to steal from the government and the targets of the investigation.
Specifically, Force allegedly solicited and received digital currency as part of
the investigation, but failed to report his receipt of the funds, and instead
transferred the currency to his personal account. In one such transaction, Force
allegedly sold information about the government's investigation to the target of
the investigation. The complaint also alleges that Force invested in and worked
for a digital currency exchange company while still working for the DEA, and
that he directed the company to freeze a customer's account with no legal basis
to do so, then transferred the customer's funds to his personal account.
Further, Force allegedly sent an unauthorized Justice Department subpoena to an
online payment service directing that it unfreeze his personal account.

Bridges allegedly diverted to his personal account over $800,000 in digital
currency that he gained control of during the Silk Road investigation. The
complaint alleges that Bridges placed the assets into an account at Mt. Gox, the
now-defunct digital currency exchange in Japan. He then allegedly wired funds
into one of his personal investment accounts in the United States mere days
before he sought a $2.1 million seizure warrant for Mt. Gox's accounts.

Bridges self-surrendered today and will appear before Magistrate Judge
Maria-Elena James of the Northern District of California at 9:30 a.m. PST this
morning. Force was arrested on Friday, March 27, 2015, in Baltimore and will
appear before Magistrate Judge Timothy J. Sullivan of the District of Maryland
at 2:30 p.m. EST today.

The charges contained in the complaint are merely accusations, and the
defendants are presumed innocent unless and until proven guilty.

The case was investigated by the FBI's San Francisco Division, the IRS-CI's San
Francisco Division, the Department of Justice Office of the Inspector General
and the Department of Homeland Security Office of the Inspector General in
Washington D.C. The Treasury Department's Financial Crimes Enforcement Network
also provided assistance with the investigation of this case. The case is being
prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorneys Kathryn Haun and William Frentzen of the
Northern District of California and Trial Attorney Richard B. Evans of the
Criminal Division's Public Integrity Section.


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com


LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              956 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 30, 2015 Monday

Former Federal Agents Charged With Bitcoin Money Laundering And Wire Fraud

LENGTH: 827  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


United States Attorney's Office for the northern District of California has
issued the following press release:

Two former federal agents have been charged with wire fraud, money laundering
and related offenses for stealing digital currency during their investigation of
the Silk Road, an underground black market that allowed users to conduct illegal
transactions over the Internet.  The charges are contained in a federal criminal
complaint issued on March 25, 2015, in the Northern District of California and
unsealed today.

U.S. Attorney Melinda Haag of the Northern District of California, Assistant
Attorney General Leslie R. Caldwell of the Justice Department's Criminal
Division, Special Agent in Charge David J. Johnson of the FBI's San Francisco
Division, Special Agent in Charge José M. Martinez of the Internal Revenue
Service-Criminal Investigation's (IRS-CI) Northern District of California,
Special Agent in Charge Michael P. Tompkins of the Justice Department's Office
of the Inspector General Washington Field Office and Special Agent in Charge
Lori Hazenstab of the Department of Homeland Security's Office of the Inspector
General in Washington D.C. made the announcement.

Carl M. Force, 46, of Baltimore, was a Special Agent with the Drug Enforcement
Administration (DEA), and Shaun W. Bridges, 32, of Laurel, Maryland, was a
Special Agent with the U.S. Secret Service (USSS).  Both were assigned to the
Baltimore Silk Road Task Force, which investigated illegal activity in the Silk
Road marketplace.  Force served as an undercover agent and was tasked with
establishing communications with a target of the investigation, Ross Ulbricht,
aka "Dread Pirate Roberts."  Force is charged with wire fraud, theft of
government property, money laundering and conflict of interest.  Bridges is
charged with wire fraud and money laundering.

According to the complaint, Force was a DEA agent assigned to investigate the
Silk Road marketplace.  During the investigation, Force engaged in certain
authorized undercover  operations by, among other things, communicating online
with "Dread Pirate Roberts" (Ulbricht), the target of his investigation.  The
complaint alleges, however, that Force then, without authority, developed
additional online personas and engaged in a broad range of illegal activities
calculated to bring him personal financial gain.    In doing so, the complaint
alleges, Force used fake online personas, and engaged in complex Bitcoin
transactions to steal from the government and the target of the investigation.
Specifically, Force allegedly solicited and received digital currency as part of
the investigation, but failed to report his receipt of the funds, and instead
transferred the currency to his personal account.  In one such transaction,
Force allegedly sold information about the government's investigation to the
target of the investigation.  The complaint also alleges that Force invested in
and worked for a digital currency exchange company while still working for the
DEA, and that he directed the company to freeze a customer's account with no
legal basis to do so, then transferred the customer's funds to his personal
account.  Further, Force allegedly sent an unauthorized Justice Department
subpoena to a online payment service directing that it unfreeze his personal
account.

Bridges allegedly diverted to his personal account over $800,000 in digital
currency that he gained control of during the Silk Road investigation.  The
complaint alleges that Bridges placed the assets into an account at Mt. Gox, the
now-defunct digital currency exchange in Japan.  He then allegedly wired funds
into one of his personal investment accounts in the United States mere days
before he sought a $2.1 million seizure warrant for Mt. Gox's accounts.

Bridges self-surrendered today and will appear before Magistrate Judge
Maria-Elena James of the Northern District of California at 9:30 a.m. PST this
morning.  Force was arrested on Friday, March 27, 2015, in Baltimore and will
appear before Magistrate Judge Timothy J. Sullivan of the District of Maryland
at 2:30 p.m. EST today.

The charges contained in the complaint are merely accusations, and the
defendants are presumed innocent unless and until proven guilty.

The case is being prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorneys Kathryn Haun and
William Frentzen of the Northern District of California and Trial Attorney
Richard B. Evans of the Criminal Division's Public Integrity Section.  The case
was investigated by the FBI's San Francisco Division, the IRS-CI's San Francisco
Division, the Department of Justice Office of the Inspector General and the
Department of Homeland Security Office of the Inspector General in Washington
D.C.  The Treasury Department's Financial Crimes Enforcement Network also
provided assistance with the investigation of this case.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              957 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The Indiana Lawyer

                                October 3, 2007

SCOTUS takes East Chicago 'proceeds' case;
Indianapolis attorneys to argue case that questions definition of money
laundering.

BYLINE: MICHAEL W. HOSKINS MHOSKINS@IBJ.COM

SECTION: FOCUS; Vol. 18; No. 15; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 777 words


Two Indianapolis attorneys with Barnes & Thornburg are making their debut
appearances before the Supreme Court of the United States, handling a case from
East Chicago that poses a question about the definition of money laundering.

Partner Todd G. Vare is arguing Oct. 3 in the nation's high court in U.S. v.
Efrain Santos, No. 06-1005, along with associate Paul Jefferson.

Justices are considering this as its sixth case of the term, and this is the
first Indiana case heard by the high court since March 2006. The court agreed in
April to hear this case that could clarify the definition of money laundering.

A key point of the arguments comes down to whether the term proceeds means gross
or net profits, but Vare argues it hits at a more fundamental question of the
money-laundering statute's scope and purpose.

Every gambling business, whether legal or illegal, will pay its winners, Vare
said. The government's theory and interpretation of proceeds makes every illegal
gambling business automatically a money-laundering offense based simply on the
payment of winners. He said that result is contrary to the intent of the money-
laundering statute, which is to punish conduct that is separate from and in
addition to the underlying criminal activity.

Federal Circuit courts, including the 7th Circuit, do not agree on an exact
definition and have disagreed about whether it's considered money laundering to
pay for the operation of a criminal enterprise with the profits of that illegal
business. The nation's high court will determine whether the ban on the use of
proceeds of a crime to promote or conceal it (not equal symbol) that is,
laundering the proceeds (not equal symbol) applies to the total amount of money
or only the profits after expenses.

This case involves the federal prosecution of an old tavern lottery raid where
Santos (not equal symbol) known as Puerto Rican Frankie (not equal symbol) was
arrested for running the illegal operation throughout the region from the 1970s
to 1994. He was sentenced to 17 years in prison in 1998, but he was later
released after the 7th Circuit heard two other cases in 2000 and 2002 and issued
rulings that changed the interpretation of money laundering.

Following those decisions, U.S. District Judge James Moody in Hammond ruled that
Santos' actions were no longer considered money laundering because of an
interpretation of net proceeds and gross proceeds in federal laws.

The 7th Circuit decided the term meant profits and not gross receipts, as the
U.S. government is arguing. Now, Vare and Jefferson will present their case
before the high court to try and convince justices the District Court judgment
should be affirmed because the term is ambiguous.

The National Association of Criminal Defense Lawyers has filed a 15-page amicus
curiae brief that contends this case highlights the inappropriate and unfair
misuse of the money-laundering statute to tack on additional charges and
significantly enhance penalties to punish conduct virtually indistinguishable
from the underlying defense.

This case demonstrates an overbroad reading of the principle statute that would
have severe consequences for criminal defendants, specifically in that the
interpretation would give prosecutors too much power.

The prospect of a higher sentence allows prosecutors to extract plea bargains
and forfeitures that might not otherwise be obtained and that may not be in the
interest of justice, the organization argues in its brief.  Prosecutors have a
great incentive to threaten such a charge to enhance their bargaining leverage.
The mere threat of a money-laundering charge thus can be a powerful weapon in
the prosecutor's negotiating arsenal.

Vare said he has been studiously preparing for the past month for his first
arguments in the nation's highest courts. While he knows it's next to impossible
to fully anticipate the justices' views on this area of law, Vare noted that
he's pushed to basically know everything about money laundering.

Of course, that topic of money is in itself interesting and a particularly
humbling note for the attorney, who originally took the Santos case as part of
the 7th Circuit's pro bono appointment program.

Taking a case pro bono is rewarding in itself, Vare said, and few attorneys have
the chance to argue before the country's top jurists. Vare sees himself as
particularly fortunate to have the chance to combine both those experiences.

That opportunity itself is quite rewarding for any lawyer, he said about taking
pro bono cases. However, the opportunity to now argue on behalf of my client
before the Supreme Court is incredible and humbling.

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 2007 IBJ Corporation

                              958 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                             August 15, 1999 Sunday
                                  City Edition

Omaha stage set for giant cable piracy show

BYLINE: DAVID SWARTZLANDER Lincoln Journal Star

SECTION: A; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1130 words


On March 13, 1992, Charles Barkley huddled with a Cayman Islands banker to
discuss opening a few offshore accounts.

Barkley, the irrepressible National Basketball Association power forward, likely
has enough money to open an offshore bank account. But he couldn't have met with
the banker that day. The reason: The perennial All-Star was too busy depositing
31 points -- and getting his nose rearranged -- as his 76ers lost to the Phoenix
Suns, 108-104, in Philadelphia.

So who was this Charles Barkley meeting that day with John Mathewson,
owner-operator of Guardian Bank and Trust in the Caribbean islands south of
Cuba?

His real name, according to federal prosecutors, is Joseph Abboud, a businessman
and member of one of Omaha's most notable families. The alias goes with the
territory when you try to hide millions in illegal income from the Internal
Revenue Service, prosecutors say.

Joseph Abboud; his father, David Abboud; his uncle, Gene Abboud; and his cousin,
Baron Abboud; were all indicted in April, along with exemployee Susan Germer and
various companies, on cable piracy and money laundering charges. Ex-state
legislator Chris Abboud of Ralston is a distant relative and is not involved in
the alleged scam.

For 10 years, federal prosecutors allege, the Abbouds slipped through their
fingers while raking in $27 million by selling illegally modified cable
television descrambling boxes -- boxes enabling viewers to see prime cable
channels such as HBO and Showtime, without paying for them.

Through a web of businesses, the Abbouds peddled descramblers in various states,
including North Carolina, Colorado, Florida, New Jersey, California and
Nebraska, then laundered the proceeds, prosecutors say.

Their trial, the largest white-collar prosecution in Nebraska history, is
scheduled next spring. But the case may have become much more difficult for the
Abbouds when Mathewson, 71, was sentenced Aug. 2 in New Jersey on money
laundering charges.

In return for a reduced sentence, Mathewson will squeal on 1,500 people --
including the Abbouds -- who allegedly evaded about $300 million in federal
income taxes. Using his Rolodex, recollection and bank computer tapes,
prosecutors will pursue hundreds of wealthy Americans who evaded taxes by
depositing money in his Cayman Islands bank.

Already, $50 million in back taxes and penalties have been recovered in seven
federal judicial districts as a result of Mathewson's help.

Now he'll bring his act to Nebraska, prosecutors say, where he'll help them do
boffo back-tax business in the Cornhusker State.

Omaha attorney James Martin Davis, who represents Gene Abboud, declined to
return calls or answer questions faxed to his office by the Lincoln Journal
Star. Alan Stoler, an Omaha attorney for David Abboud, could not be reached to
comment.

Robert Creager, Baron Abboud's Lincoln attorney, also declined to comment.

Lincoln attorney Kirk Naylor Jr., who represents Joseph Abboud, isn't shaking in
his boots about Mathewson's potential involvement.

Naylor said he thinks he can successfully argue that Joseph Abboud reached a
plea agreement and set-tlement with the federal government three years ago in a
similar case in Atlanta.

There, Gene and Joseph Abboud pleaded guilty to charges of aiding and abetting
the unauthorized use of cable television signals. They were sentenced to six
months of home confinement, fined a total of $1 million and were told not to do
it again.

Naylor said they shouldn't be charged with the same crime twice.

"Ultimately, are you prosecuting the same alleged conspiracy?" he asked.

The federal government, he added, knew about Mathewson's accusations by the time
of the settlement.

He said he expected the "double jeopardy" defense will be among the first issues
the court will tackle dur-ing pretrial motions, expected to be heard in
mid-November in Omaha federal court.

The Abboud case is part of "Operation Cabletrap," the largest cable piracy case
in U.S. history. Prosecutors have charged defendants across the country,
including the Abbouds, with stealing cable services. The Abbouds, and others,
used Mathewson's Guardian Bank to launder the proceeds from the sale of
illegally modified cable television descrambler boxes, prosecutors allege.

The mere threat of Mathewson's testimony in other tax evasion cases prompted
these defendants to plead guilty:

Mark Vicini, founder of a New Jersey computer company called Micro Rentals and
Sales, deposited $6 million in undeclared income. He pleaded guilty last year in
Brooklyn federal court.

Bartholomew D'Ascoli, a New Jersey orthopedic surgeon, deposited nearly $400,000
in Guardian Bank, $210,000 of which was unreported income that allowed D'Ascoli
to evade $118,000 in federal income taxes.

Frederick Gipp, a Long Island, N.Y., professional golfer, deposited $150,000 in
Guardian.

The Abboud case is larger than all three of these combined. Federal prosecutors
are seeking the forfeiture of nearly $33 million, including a $490,000 home
bought in 1994 by Jo-seph Abboud at 1222 S. 184th Circle in Omaha. They alleged
he bought the house with money derived from the cable piracy operation.

Meanwhile, defense attorney Naylor said he viewed the case as the federal
government trying to protect the cable industry's stranglehold on equipment used
to broadcast programming and to quash any competition.

"There are certainly ways the industry can work with private manufacturers to
make sure signals are protected, but the cable industry has been unwilling to do
that for financial reasons," he said. "If you can control the cable box and that
part of the industry, it's worth a gigantic amount of money."

Cable television representatives see it differently.

"Stealing is stealing," said Ann Shrewsbury, public-affairs manager for Time
Warner Cable in Lincoln. "It's wrong. It's legally wrong and it's ethically
wrong."

It also can drive up the cost of services for law-abiding viewers, she said.

Mike Kohler, director of public affairs for Cox Communications in Omaha, likened
cable pirates to car-jackers.

He cited three reasons to view cable piracy as important:

Public safety. Tampering with the signal can disrupt other communications. "When
people tamper, it can cause leakage," he said. "I don't think cable pirates want
to be liable for the 911 call that didn't go through."

It's unfair. "When some smart aleck brags, "I beat the system. I'm getting an
edge,' no one likes them because they are cheaters who are not being fair to
other people."

It's illegal. "When you drive down the street and the speed limit says 35,
that's not a suggestion. That's the law. There are statutes at every level
against this activity.

"If this is such an aboveboard business, why does all the money have to flow
offshore and why is it a secretive kind of business?" he asked.

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Omaha home: Joseph Abboud bought this house at 1222 S. 184th Circle for
$490,000 in 1994 with money illegally obtained from a cable piracy scheme,
federal prosecutors allege. b/w photo of the Joseph Abboud house, by JOHN ROOD/
Lincoln Journal Star, digital - local news catalog

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 1999 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved

                              959 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 3, 2015 Tuesday

AML Analyst

LENGTH: 500  words


Washington, D.C.:  American Bankers Association has issued the following job
release:


AML Analyst
Job ID:  20481202
Position Title:  AML Analyst
Company Name:  Confidential
Industry:  Banking & Financial Institution
Job Function:  Analyst
Entry Level:  No
Location(s):  Englewood, Colorado, 80112, United States

Posted:  March 3, 2015
Job Type:  Full-Time
Job Duration:  Indefinite
Min Education:  BA/BS/Undergraduate
Min Experience:  2-3 Years
Required Travel:  None
Salary:  $50.00 - $55.00 (Yearly Salary)
APPLY FOR THIS JOB
Save Job  Email Job  Print Job  Apply For Job
Job Description

Analyst, AML Compliance.

Global Alert Analysis and SAR Reporting group mitigates money laundering,
terrorist financing and fraud related risks to Western Union. This highly
visible area is responsible for identifying and escalating money laundering risk
related activity.

Key Responsibilities:

oReview, compile and file suspicious activity reports (SARs) from various CPCE
groups within firm deadlines (must be familiar with FinCen requirements on
suspicious activity report filing)

oReport suspicious and/or unusual activity as required by anti-money laundering
laws, including identification, escalation and monitoring the misuse of money
transfers by agents or consumers; this may include utilizing moderately complex
open source research techniques

oResponsible for concise written and/or verbal communication with external and
internal partners

oMay assist with training and support for new team members

oMay work cross-functionally with many areas within CPCE

oRecognize new/emerging anti-money laundering patterns/typologies and respond
with appropriate investigative techniques based on applied knowledge and a wide
range of research/investigative techniques

Qualifications

oBachelor's degree or equivalent job experience in the financial services
industry is acceptable

o1-2 years experience in any of the following: Bank Secrecy Act, AML Compliance,
general and/or risk based compliance, or previous analytical experience is
preferred

oDemonstrate strong analytical, organizational, sound judgment, and attention to
detail

oAbility to manipulate moderately large sets of data

oDemonstrate ability to meet deadlines

oProven ability to adapt positively to change

oAbility to identify risk and escalate when necessary

oAbility to work in a fast paced, highly structured, deadline driven culture

oComfortable completing repetitive tasks for long periods of time

oProficient in software applications: MS Word, MS Excel, MS Access, & Mainframe
systems (iWatch/WireWatch)

oCapable of utilizing the Internet for research and problem solving

oExperience making independent work-related decisions based on company policies
and procedures

oAptitude for continuously learning and understanding the AML risk and concerns

oAbility to work with a high level of autonomy

oTeam player with strong collaborative qualities and a positive demeanor


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              960 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 19, 2015 Monday

Santa Rosa Attorneys Charged With Stealing From Client

LENGTH: 607  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


United States Attorney's Office for the northern District of California has
issued the following press release:

Robert Anderson was arraigned today and Scott Steever was arraigned yesterday on
charges of conspiracy to commit wire fraud and wire fraud, and conspiracy to
commit money laundering and money laundering, announced United States Attorney
Melinda Haag, Federal Bureau of Investigation Special Agent in Charge David J.
Johnson, and Internal Revenue Service, Criminal Investigation, Special Agent in
Charge José M. Martinez.

A federal grand jury in San Francisco indicted Anderson and Steever on December
18, 2014, each on one count of conspiracy to commit wire fraud, one count of
conspiracy to commit money laundering, six counts of wire fraud, and one count
of money laundering.  According to the Indictment Anderson and Steever, who were
both partners at the law firm Lanahan Steever and Anderson LLP (LSA), formerly
known as Lanahan & Reilly LLP, in Santa Rosa, Calif., spent money held in a
trust account for a client, identified in the Indictment as B.M., and used the
money to pay expenses that were not related to B.M.'s representation.  According
to the Indictment, in November 2009, B.M. gave LSA approximately $300,000 to be
held in trust on her behalf.  Some of the money was intended to be used for
outstanding legal issues and the remaining balance was to be returned to her.
Shortly after the check was deposited, Anderson and Steever, and LSA employees
acting at the defendants' direction, began spending B.M.'s funds without
authorization on expenses unrelated to the representation of B.M.  By April
2010, all of the funds held on behalf of B.M. had been spent.  In March 2012,
after an attorney acting on behalf of B.M. asked for an accounting of the money
remaining in the account for the benefit of B.M, Anderson sent B.M.'s attorney
an email in which he falsely represented that, as of February 2012, B.M. had a
remaining trust balance of approximately $252,511.55.

Anderson, of Redwood Valley, Calif. voluntarily surrendered and made his initial
appearance today in federal court in San Francisco.  Steever, of Rohnert Park,
Calif. was arrested and made his initial appearance yesterday in federal court
in San Francisco.  Anderson and Steever were each released on a $100,000 bond.
Anderson and Steever are scheduled for an initial appearance before the
Honorable Edward M. Chen, U.S. District Court Judge, 2:30 p.m. on February 4,
2015.

An indictment merely alleges that crimes have been committed, and all defendants
are presumed innocent until proven guilty beyond a reasonable doubt. The maximum
statutory penalty for conspiracy to commit wire fraud and wire fraud, in
violation of 18 U.S.C. § 1349 and 18 U.S.C. § 1343, respectively, is 20 years in
prison, a fine of $250,000, and restitution.   The maximum statutory penalty for
conspiracy to commit money laundering and money laundering, in violation of 18
U.S.C. § 1956(h) and 18 U.S.C. § 1957, respectively, is 10 years in prison and a
fine of $250,000.  However, any sentence following conviction would be imposed
by the court after consideration of the U.S. Sentencing Guidelines and the
federal statute governing the imposition of a sentence, 18 U.S.C. § 3553.

Denise Marie Barton is the Assistant U.S. Attorney who is prosecuting the case
with the assistance of Denise Oki and Trina Khadoo.  The prosecution is the
result of an investigation by the Federal Bureau of Investigation and the
Internal Revenue Service, Criminal Investigation.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              961 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Mecklenburg Times (Charlotte, NC)

                            August 26, 2014 Tuesday

Top executive at Boggs Paving to plead in fraud case

BYLINE: Sharon Roberts, editor

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 841  words


CHARLOTTE - A massive conspiracy and fraud case against two Union County road
contractors may come to an end on Thursday, as the owner of the company at the
heart of the federal charges is scheduled for a plea hearing.

A Thursday morning plea hearing notice for Carl Andrew "Drew" Boggs III was
filed Tuesday in the U.S. District Court for the Western District of North
Carolina. The 10:10 a.m. hearing will be before Magistrate Judge David S. Cayer,
according to court records.

Neither an attorney for Boggs nor the U.S. Attorney's Office in Charlotte
responded to messages seeking more information.

Boggs, 50, of Waxhaw, is the co-owner of Boggs Paving Inc., along with his
brother, David Christopher Boggs.  Drew Boggs had pleaded not guilty in August
2013. His brother was not charged.

The remaining defendants have all pleaded guilty.

In July 2013, Boggs Paving, Styx Cuthbertson Trucking Inc., and some of the
companies' executives were indicted on 29 counts of conspiracy, wire and mail
fraud, money laundering and money laundering conspiracy resulting from a 10-year
investigation of the company's claims to have used a disadvantaged business
enterprise on $87 million in federally funded road construction contracts in
North and South Carolina.

In October, a superseding indictment was filed, adding another former Boggs
employee, project manager, estimator and area manager Arnold Mann, and another
count against Cuthbertson Trucking and its owner, John "Styx" Cuthbertson,
charging them with making a false statement on a loan application.

The trial had been scheduled to begin Sept. 16.

Investigators from the U.S. DOT's Office of the Inspector General, the FBI and
the IRS looked into road construction work Boggs Paving performed between 2003
and 2013 on government-funded projects. The indictment alleged that Boggs
claimed it had paid Cuthbertson $3.7 million for the Wingate trucking company's
portion of work, when in fact Cuthbertson received $375,432.

When awarding such contracts, the government often requires bids to include a
portion of the work assigned to small businesses owned by women, minorities or
other disadvantaged groups, or at least an effort to find such companies.

The indictment charged Cuthbertson did not perform the amount of work indicated
by the contract; that a bank account was set up in Cuthbertson's name but
actually controlled by Boggs Paving; that Boggs Paving bid on projects under
Cutherbertson's name; and that Boggs Paving at times attached magnetic signs to
its trucks that indicated they were owned by Cuthbertson.

The defendants had faced maximum penalties of five years in prison for
conspiracy; 20 years for money laundering conspiracy; 20 years for each wire and
mail fraud count; 10 years for money laundering; and five years for making a
false statement. Conviction on most of the charges also could result in fines
ranging from $250,000 to $500,000 on each.

Since late June, all of the other defendants have pleaded guilty and agreed to
cooperate with the prosecution. Their sentencing dates have not yet been set.
They are:

*Mann, 55, of Fort Mill, S.C., who pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy. He
was originally charged with 27 counts of conspiracy, wire fraud, mail fraud,
money laundering conspiracy and money laundering in a superseding indictment in
October. Under the plea agreement, he is likely to receive probation when
sentenced.

Kevin Hicks, 43, of Monroe, the former chief financial officer at Boggs Paving
Inc., who pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy to defraud the U.S.
Department of Transportation and one count of money laundering conspiracy. He
was originally charged with 26 counts of conspiracy, mail fraud, wire fraud,
money laundering conspiracy and money laundering. The U.S. Attorney's Office is
recommending a sentence of up to 15 months. Greg Tucker, 41, of Oakboro, a
former Boggs Paving vice president, project manager and estimator, who pleaded
guilty to one count of conspiracy to defraud the U.S. DOT. He had been charged
with 12 counts of conspiracy, wire fraud, money laundering conspiracy and money
laundering. The U.S. Attorney's Office recommended a sentence of one to 15
months. Greg Miller, 60, of Matthews, a vice president at Boggs Paving Inc. of
Monroe, pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy. He had been charged with 26
counts of conspiracy, wire fraud, mail fraud, money laundering and money
laundering conspiracy. The U.S. Attorney's Office recommended a reduced
sentence. Cuthbertson, 69, of Monroe, pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy
to commit wire fraud and mail fraud.   He had been charged with 30 counts
including conspiracy, wire fraud, mail fraud, money laundering conspiracy, money
laundering and making a false statement on a loan application. At his plea
hearing, the U.S. Attorney's Office said it would recommend a reduced sentence.
The charges against his company were dismissed.

http://www.mecktimes.com/be-the-first-to-know/ Click here for more from this
resource.

© 2014 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved

                              962 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                           November 17, 2007 Saturday
                                 Metro Edition

Family is indicted in candy-machine scheme;
Charges allege investors were bilked in a phony vending machine business that
used two Twin Cities addresses.

BYLINE: Dan Browning, Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2B

LENGTH: 305 words


Who can take tomorrow, dip it in a dream? Separate the sorrow and collect up all
the cream? The candyman?

Maybe in Willy Wonka's world the candyman can. But in Minneapolis, a federal
grand jury has said no.

The grand jury this week charged three family members from Wellington, Fla.,
with conspiracy and money-laundering charges for allegedly bilking investors in
a phony candy vending machine business that they operated from June 2001 through
April 2005.

Stephen C. Crown, 67, his wife, Cheryl C. Crown, 63, and their son, Evan S.
Crown, 39, were charged with mail fraud conspiracy, money laundering conspiracy,
mail fraud and concealment money laundering. They allegedly tricked investors
out of at least $320,000.

According to the indictment unsealed Friday, the Crowns placed ads soliciting
investors in several states. They allegedly used a variety of fictitious
business names, including Capital Asset Investors Inc., Equitable Resources
Inc., Empire Marketing, American Franchise Corp. and Ultimate Business
Opportunities.

Investors were promised substantial income from a modest investment and were
told they would receive vending machines, candy supplies and help in placing the
machines in high-traffic areas.

The charges say the investors were not told that the candymakers had no
involvement in the business and had not authorized the Crowns to use the
trademarked candy names or distribute the candy.

The indictment describes a complex scheme in which the Crowns used a variety of
addresses to make it appear that they had legitimate business offices when they
were actually just mail drops.

Five of the charges relate to investor payments sent to an address in the 3000
block of Hennepin Avenue S., in Minneapolis; four relate to an address in the
2600 block of E. County Road E. in White Bear Lake.

Dan Browning - 612-673-4493

LOAD-DATE: November 27, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2007 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved

                              963 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                 Ottawa Citizen

                     February 13, 2004 Friday Final Edition

Ex-Ottawa developer, family face 143 charges: MacDonalds hid assets in $64M
bankruptcy: police

SOURCE: The Ottawa Citizen

BYLINE: Jake Rupert

SECTION: News; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 1108 words

The MacDonald family used to be part of Ottawa's upper crust, but if the RCMP
and federal justice department get their way, they will be dragged into court
like common criminals.

Yesterday, Douglas Ronald MacDonald, 72, former leader of the MacDonald Homes
Inc. empire, his wife, Hene, 57, his daughter, Jennifer June, 39, and his son
Douglas Anthony, 47, were charged with 143 crimes usually related to organized
crime.

All of the charges are in connection with Douglas Ronald MacDonald's $64-million
personal bankruptcy, which took place in the 1990s after his real estate
development company collapsed.

Taken together, the charges allege the family employed a variety of illegal
schemes designed to keep assets from being turned over to Mr. MacDonald's
roughly 150 creditors.

Mr. MacDonald, who had one charge of fraud over $5,000 laid against him in
December, now faces 25 counts of fraud over $5,000, 24 counts of possession of
property obtained by crime, five counts of forgery, four counts of perjury, and
26 counts of money laundering.

Hene MacDonald faces one count of fraud over $5,000, two counts of possession of
property obtained by crime and four counts of money laundering.

Jennifer MacDonald is charged with seven counts of fraud over $5,000, 15 counts
of possession of property obtained by crime, and 14 counts of money laundering.

Douglas Anthony MacDonald is charged with nine counts of possession of property
obtained by crime and nine counts of money laundering.

All four cases were in court yesterday. Only the senior MacDonald had a lawyer.
Authorities believe Douglas Ronald and Hene MacDonald are living in Florida.
They didn't appear in court, so federal Crown Attorney Marianne Campbell asked
for arrest warrants.

Judge Bernard Ryan granted an arrest warrant for Mrs. MacDonald. A hearing on
whether to grant an arrest warrant for Mr. MacDonald was adjourned for two weeks
to give his defence lawyer, Leonard Shore, time to prepare.

Mr. Shore, under a section of the Criminal Code, is currently representing his
client in absentia. The defence lawyer says he thinks the Crown is over-reacting
by applying for arrest warrants.

"I'm assuming that when the time comes he'll be here," Mr. Shore said. "If he
wasn't going to come back, why would he retain me? It doesn't make sense. This
looks like overkill to me."

Jennifer June and Douglas Anthony MacDonald are living in Ottawa and their cases
have been remanded for a month.

RCMP Const. Nathalie Deschenes said the investigation is continuing and more
charges may be laid. She would not say whether further charges would be laid
against the family or others who were involved with Mr. MacDonald through his
bankruptcy.

The case is being closely watched by many in the legal and business community.

In documents filed yesterday in court as part of the Crown's application for an
arrest warrant for Mr. MacDonald, RCMP commercial crime unit Cpl. Yves Parent
says investigators have been able to determine Mr. MacDonald is in control of
two offshore bank accounts -- one on Jersey in the Channel Islands, and one in
Switzerland.

The documents do not say how much money is in the Channel Island account.
However, the RCMP claims that in 1995, when Mr. MacDonald swore in bankruptcy
documents that he had no more money, there was roughly $6 million in the Swiss
bank account.

Furthermore, the documents say, despite repeated requests, Mr. MacDonald and his
wife have failed to provide investigators with a current address. Investigators
allege the couple have been employing a number of tactics to keep their location
secret.

They allege the couple have even used a dead person's name for their utility
bills in order to conceal where they are living, which detectives believe is
currently in St. Petersburg, Florida.

"I believe that the pattern of multiple addresses, use of PO Box numbers,
telephones in other names, use of deceased person's name to hold utilities, are
indicative of a person who wishes to conceal their whereabout from the
authorities," Cpl. Parent says in the court documents. "I believe ... they have
no intention to return to Canada."

Getting an arrest warrant is the first step in the extradition process, which
Ms. Campbell says has not been started.

"The alleged fraudulent bankruptcy of Mr. MacDonald has affected many people and
companies in Ottawa," said Supt. John Mair, of the commercial crime unit. "We
are working diligently with our partners in Canada and abroad to bring those
responsible to justice."

In the 1970s and 1980s, MacDonald Homes Inc. appeared to be one of the great
real estate success stories in Ottawa during a period of rapid expansion across
the region.

At the company's high point, hotels, shopping malls, condominiums, hundreds of
suburban houses and huge tracts of development land in Kanata, Gloucester and
Nepean were part of the MacDonald holdings.

In 1992, MacDonald Homes was third in housing sales in the region. The housing
market was very slow at the time, and the company focused on small, inexpensive
houses and sold them by the dozens.

But the projects were largely built on borrowed money and when Douglas Ronald
MacDonald and his partner, David Anderson, first defaulted on loans worth $19
million in early 1992, creditors began closing in. By summer 1994, those
creditors were chasing nearly $70 million in unpaid debts.

MacDonald Homes Inc. went into receivership in November 1994, after being
stripped of operating cash by other MacDonald companies. That brought an end to
the home-building division.

It also produced a new contingent of furious Ottawa creditors and there were
additional related civil lawsuits.

That same year, the MacDonalds moved into a luxury seaside villa in Florida, at
the time worth an estimated $550,000 U.S.

With insurance companies, banks, contractors and suppliers trying to collect
debts of $66 million, there were questions raised over numerous transactions
between Mr. MacDonald, his family and others.

It took from February 1993 to November 1998 for two court-approved trustees to
clamp a legal lock on a dozen Ottawa-area properties and begin reclaiming them
on behalf of creditors. Mr. MacDonald did not return for any of the bankruptcy
proceedings.

In 1997, the bankruptcy office of Industry Canada made an official complaint to
the RCMP alleging that Mr. MacDonald and others may have broken the law by
hiding assets, transferring them offshore or transferring ownership of assets to
family members.

Yesterday's staggering number of charges show the RCMP feel they can prove this
happened.

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Crime

               Copyright 2004 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              964 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                  September 11, 1991, Wednesday, Final Edition

Store Admits Money Laundering

From news services and staff reports

SECTION: METRO; PAGE D6; AROUND THE REGION

LENGTH: 173 words


C&I Inc., a District corporation whose retail outlet was the fashionable
Georgetown boutique Linea Pitti, pleaded guilty yesterday in federal court to
money laundering. It was the first time a corporation has been convicted of that
charge in the city.

The company was charged with laundering nearly $ 500,000 in drug profits for a
ring run by convicted dealers Rayful Edmond III and Tony Lewis, who are both
serving life sentences.

According to U.S. Attorney Jay B. Stephens, C&I routinely accepted large amounts
of cash in small denominations from Edmond in exchange for its expensive
merchandise, knowing that the money had come from the sale of drugs.

"Through its laundering operation at Linea Pitti, C&I played a major role in
supporting the Edmond drug empire," Stephens said. He added that the company
faces up to $ 1.5 million in fines.

C&I was indicted last February along with Charles L. Wynn Jr., the former
president of Linea Pitti. Wynn, 35, faces a Sept. 23 trial before U.S. District
Judge George H. Revercomb.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: DC NEWS

                       Copyright 1991 The Washington Post

                              965 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                           October 13, 1988 Thursday
                                  Late Edition

BANK ACCUSED OF PASSING DRUG MONEY

BYLINE: Source: AP-Dow Jones

SECTION: BANKING & FINANCE; Pg. 94

LENGTH: 706 words


One of the world's largest bank holding companies was named in indictments
unsealed in Tampa, Florida, on Tuesday in what prosecutors said was the first
case in which an entire banking institution faced charges for money-laundering.

The Luxembourg-based bank holding company, Bank of Credit and Commerce
International (BCCI), three of its subsidiaries and nine of its officers were
named in the three indictments. In all, indictments announced in Tampa and five
other US cities named 85 defendants.

The bank, which prosecutors said was the world's seventh-largest of its kind,
had branches in 72 countries.

The head of the US customs service, Mr William von Raab, said: "It is the first
time an entire international financial institution and its important members
have been indicted."

The announcement of the indictments followed the arrest of nine people in Tampa
on Sunday after they had been lured to a fictitious wedding.

The ring was based in Tampa, Mr von Raab said, and was infiltrated two years ago
by Federal undercover agents who were soon getting tips from traffickers on how
to launder the funds. The money was intended principally for Colombian drug
traffickers, including the Medellin cartel, customs said.

BCCI received a portion of the $US32 million ($38.5m) in drug money to be
laundered, placed it in certificates of deposit and then lent it out to the
traffickers. The bank then paid off the loan with the CDs it already had,
officials said.

Eight US cities were involved, along with branches in the north and south of
America and Europe, and drug agents from England and France participated in
breaking the ring.

With officials from those two countries at his side, Mr von Raab praised the
international co-operation that led to the indictments in what customs called
"operation C-chase", after the term C-note.

"Colombian traffickers are really looking to Europe to improve their markets,"
Mr von Raab said. Cocaine prices in Europe were double that of America and
banking regulations were looser.

"But they can't without help from financial institutions - that's why this case
is important."

In addition to the indictments unsealed in Tampa, indictments were unsealed in
New York, Philadelphia, Detroit, Chicago and Houston. Warrants were also issued
in Los Angeles, Miami, London and Paris.

Since Tuesday, at least 16 people had been arrested in the US, England and
Argentina, officials said.

A BCCI attorney in Miami, Mr Marty Steinberg, said before the unsealing of the
indictments that he did not know details of the case.

"We haven't been provided with any specific allegations," he said. "We're
anxiously waiting to see what the charges are."

The nine people arrested in Tampa on Sunday were invited to the wedding by a US
customs agent, playing the role of a drug financier seeking advice on money-
laundering, the Tampa Tribune reported.

The nine were being held in Florida's Hillsborough county jail without bail.

In London, drug agents charged two London businessmen with money-laundering
offences in connection with the investigation into the laundering of Colombian
drug money.

The arrests were part of a two-year investigation involving US, British and
French customs officials.

In London, the Customs and Excise Department said Mr Asif Abdul Baakza, 38, a
manager of the Luxembourg-based BCCI, and Mr Syed Zia Uddin Ali Akbar, 44,
managing director of Capcom Financial Services, were charged with unspecified
money-laundering

offences.

The customs service said the men worked in London's financial district, and
faced possible extradition to the US for trial.

Customs agents arrested the men at an office in the City on Monday night and
took away files and documents for examination.

The men appeared at Guildhall Magistrates Court and listened intently as the
charges were read.

Mr Baakza was freed on bail as was Mr Akbar. Both had to surrender their
passports and were ordered to stay at their homes in north-west London.

BCCI, prosecutors said, was the world's seventh-largest privately held financial
institution. Most large banks have stock that is publicly traded.

The trade journal American Banker said BCCI ranked as number 326 among the
world's biggest banks as measured by deposits and number 378 measured by assets.

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 1988 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              966 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 28, 2015 Saturday

Washington: Former Head of Albuquerque-Based Drug Trafficking Organization
Pleads Guilty to Federal Cocaine Trafficking and Money Laundering Charges

LENGTH: 752  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

Christopher Roybal, 35, the former leader of an Albuquerque-based drug
trafficking organization, entered a guilty plea in federal court this morning.
Roybal pled guilty to a cocaine trafficking conspiracy charge and four money
laundering charges under a plea agreement that requires him to serve a 14-year
prison sentence.

Roybal is one of the 19 defendants charged in Dec. 2012, with drug trafficking
and money laundering charges in a 60-count indictment. The indictment was
superseded twice; first in Feb. 2014, to add a 20th defendant and a witness
tampering charge, and again in Sept. 2014, to add another witness tampering
charge and a heroin trafficking charge. With today's guilty plea, all but three
of the defendants have entered guilty pleas in this case.

The charges filed in the case were the result of a 16-month multi-agency
investigation into a drug trafficking organization headed by Roybal by which was
led by the FBI, IRS and Albuquerque Police Department with assistance from the
DEA, the HIDTA Region I Narcotic Task Force and the Bernalillo County Sheriff's
Office. The investigation, code-named "Operation Rain Check," was designated as
part of the Organized Crime Drug Enforcement Task Force ("OCDETF") program.
OCDETF is a nationwide Department of Justice program that combines the resources
and unique expertise of federal agencies, along with their local counterparts,
in a coordinated effort to disrupt and dismantle major drug trafficking
organizations.

According to the original indictment, Roybal and ten others conspired to
distribute large quantities of cocaine in New Mexico between Aug. 2011 and Dec.
2012. It further alleged that Roybal and nine others conspired to distribute
marijuana between Oct. 2011 and Dec. 2012. The indictment also included three
separate money laundering conspiracies, 22 money laundering offenses, and 18
"telephone counts," offenses alleging the use of a communications device to
facilitate a drug trafficking offense. The indictment was superseded in May
2014, to add a new charge against defendant George Roybal, 53, of Albuquerque,
alleging that he threatened an FBI informant to prevent the informant from
testifying at the trial of this case which was then scheduled to begin on May
19, 2014. It was superseded again in Sept. 2014, to add two new charges against
defendant Kenneth Ulibarri, 36, of Albuquerque. The new charges alleged that
Ulibarri attempted to murder an FBI informant to prevent that informant from
testifying at the trial of this case which was then scheduled to begin on Nov.
10, 2014, and also charged Ulibarri with distributing heroin in Bernalillo
County, N.M., in May 2014.

During his change of plea hearing, Roybal pled guilty to Counts 1, 37, 38, 39
and 40 of the second superseding indictment, charging him with participating in
a cocaine trafficking conspiracy, three money laundering conspiracies, and a
substantive money laundering offense. In entering his guilty plea, Roybal
admitted that between Aug. 2011 and Dec. 2012, he conspired with others to
distribute kilogram quantities of cocaine in Albuquerque and Las Vegas, N.M.
Roybal also admitted participating in three conspiracies that laundered the
proceeds of his drug trafficking organization. One conspiracy involved the
transportation of drug proceeds from Albuquerque to California to pay for
marijuana that was distributed by Roybal's organization. The second and third
conspiracies involved the laundering of Roybal's drug proceeds through accounts
at a bank and a credit union. As part of his plea agreement, Roybal agreed to
forfeit his Albuquerque residence and a 1967 Chevrolet Camaro.

Three of the defendants charged in this case have entered not guilty pleas and
are pending trial. Charges in indictments are merely accusations and criminal
defendants are presumed innocent unless proven guilty beyond a reasonable doubt.

This case was investigated by the FBI, IRS Criminal Investigation and the
Albuquerque Police Department, with assistance from the DEA, the HIDTA Region I
Narcotics Task Force and the Bernalillo County Sheriff's Office, and is being
prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorneys Joel R. Meyers and Shana B. Long.
Assistant U.S. Attorney Stephen R. Kotz is responsible for litigating the
related civil asset forfeiture actions.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com


LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              967 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 26, 2015 Thursday

Washington: Former Head of Albuquerque-Based Drug Trafficking Organization
Pleads Guilty to Federal Cocaine Trafficking and Money Laundering Charges

LENGTH: 752  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

Christopher Roybal, 35, the former leader of an Albuquerque-based drug
trafficking organization, entered a guilty plea in federal court this morning.
Roybal pled guilty to a cocaine trafficking conspiracy charge and four money
laundering charges under a plea agreement that requires him to serve a 14-year
prison sentence.

Roybal is one of the 19 defendants charged in Dec. 2012, with drug trafficking
and money laundering charges in a 60-count indictment. The indictment was
superseded twice; first in Feb. 2014, to add a 20th defendant and a witness
tampering charge, and again in Sept. 2014, to add another witness tampering
charge and a heroin trafficking charge. With today's guilty plea, all but three
of the defendants have entered guilty pleas in this case.

The charges filed in the case were the result of a 16-month multi-agency
investigation into a drug trafficking organization headed by Roybal by which was
led by the FBI, IRS and Albuquerque Police Department with assistance from the
DEA, the HIDTA Region I Narcotic Task Force and the Bernalillo County Sheriff's
Office. The investigation, code-named "Operation Rain Check," was designated as
part of the Organized Crime Drug Enforcement Task Force ("OCDETF") program.
OCDETF is a nationwide Department of Justice program that combines the resources
and unique expertise of federal agencies, along with their local counterparts,
in a coordinated effort to disrupt and dismantle major drug trafficking
organizations.

According to the original indictment, Roybal and ten others conspired to
distribute large quantities of cocaine in New Mexico between Aug. 2011 and Dec.
2012. It further alleged that Roybal and nine others conspired to distribute
marijuana between Oct. 2011 and Dec. 2012. The indictment also included three
separate money laundering conspiracies, 22 money laundering offenses, and 18
"telephone counts," offenses alleging the use of a communications device to
facilitate a drug trafficking offense. The indictment was superseded in May
2014, to add a new charge against defendant George Roybal, 53, of Albuquerque,
alleging that he threatened an FBI informant to prevent the informant from
testifying at the trial of this case which was then scheduled to begin on May
19, 2014. It was superseded again in Sept. 2014, to add two new charges against
defendant Kenneth Ulibarri, 36, of Albuquerque. The new charges alleged that
Ulibarri attempted to murder an FBI informant to prevent that informant from
testifying at the trial of this case which was then scheduled to begin on Nov.
10, 2014, and also charged Ulibarri with distributing heroin in Bernalillo
County, N.M., in May 2014.

During his change of plea hearing, Roybal pled guilty to Counts 1, 37, 38, 39
and 40 of the second superseding indictment, charging him with participating in
a cocaine trafficking conspiracy, three money laundering conspiracies, and a
substantive money laundering offense. In entering his guilty plea, Roybal
admitted that between Aug. 2011 and Dec. 2012, he conspired with others to
distribute kilogram quantities of cocaine in Albuquerque and Las Vegas, N.M.
Roybal also admitted participating in three conspiracies that laundered the
proceeds of his drug trafficking organization. One conspiracy involved the
transportation of drug proceeds from Albuquerque to California to pay for
marijuana that was distributed by Roybal's organization. The second and third
conspiracies involved the laundering of Roybal's drug proceeds through accounts
at a bank and a credit union. As part of his plea agreement, Roybal agreed to
forfeit his Albuquerque residence and a 1967 Chevrolet Camaro.

Three of the defendants charged in this case have entered not guilty pleas and
are pending trial. Charges in indictments are merely accusations and criminal
defendants are presumed innocent unless proven guilty beyond a reasonable doubt.

This case was investigated by the FBI, IRS Criminal Investigation and the
Albuquerque Police Department, with assistance from the DEA, the HIDTA Region I
Narcotics Task Force and the Bernalillo County Sheriff's Office, and is being
prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorneys Joel R. Meyers and Shana B. Long.
Assistant U.S. Attorney Stephen R. Kotz is responsible for litigating the
related civil asset forfeiture actions.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com


LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              968 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily the Pak Banker

                             June 5, 2010 Saturday

USA: EDCOMM BANKER'S ACADEMY UPDATES OMAN ANTI MONEY LAUNDERING TRAINING PROGRAM
FOR 2010

LENGTH: 308  words

DATELINE: Karachi


Karachi, June 05 -- Edcomm Banker's Academy has made recent updates to its Oman
Anti Money Laundering (AML) training program for 2010. Focus on AML for Oman has
been revised as part of Edcomm Banker's Academy's ongoing commitment to
providing the most up-to-date and pertinent financial services information as
the banking industry enters a new decade, according to a press release issued
here.

In March 2002, a royal decree was issued enacting the Law of Money Laundering.
The new law improved the existing money laundering regulations by detailing bank
responsibilities, widening the definition of money laundering to include funds
obtained through any criminal means, and providing for the seizure of assets and
other penalties. The Royal Oman Police (ROP), in coordination with the Central
Bank of Oman (CBO), is responsible for investigating money laundering
activities. Banks are required to appropriately identify their customers and
report all suspicious transactions. Compliance personnel are now present in all
banks.

Focus on AML for Oman, from Edcomm Banker's Academy, teaches bank employees
about AML laws in Oman and familiarizes them with their company's own policies
and procedures. Through this interactive course, students learn everything they
need to know to detect and prevent money laundering. Beginning with an overview
AML, the program goes on to cover international money laundering, money
laundering in Nigeria and how to prevent, detect and report money laundering.
Focus on AML for Oman can be customized to meet the needs of every Bank, Credit
Union or Money Services Business (MSB). Each course is regularly updated to
include changing laws and policiesk Published by HT Syndication with permission
from Daily Pak Banker. For more information on news feed please contact Sarabjit
Jagirdar at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 5, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved

                              969 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 3, 2015 Tuesday

Forensic Accountant - Senior Level

LENGTH: 771  words


Washington, D.C.: American Bankers Association has issued the following news
release:


Forensic Accountant - Senior Level
Job ID:  21941787
Position Title:  Forensic Accountant - Senior Level
Company Name:  SIG
Industry:  Management Consultants
Job Function:  Accountant
Entry Level:  No
Location(s):  Washington, Dist. Columbia, United States
Boston, Massachusetts, 02101, United States
Chicago, Illinois, 60601, United States
Dallas, Texas, 75201, United States
El Paso, Texas, 79901, United States
Houston, Texas, 77001, United States
Los Angeles, California, 90001, United States
Miami, Florida, 33101, United States
New York, New York, 10001, United States
Newark, New Jersey, 07101, United States
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, 19019, United States
Phoenix, Arizona, 85001, United States
San Antonio, California, United States
San Juan, Puerto Rico, 00901, United States

Posted:  February 2, 2015
Job Type:  Full-Time
Job Duration:  1-2 Years
Min Education:  BA/BS/Undergraduate
Min Experience:  3-5 Years
Required Travel:  0-10%
Company:  SIG
view full company profile
APPLY FOR THIS JOB
Contact Person:  Jaclyn Rutherford  Phone:  703-483-8408
Email Address:  jrutherford@sigusa.com
Apply URL:  http://www.sigusa.com/careers/current-openings/
Save Job  Email Job  Print Job  Apply For Job
Job Description

There are 31 positions available in various US locations including:  Boston, MA;
Chicago, IL; Dallas, TX; El Paso, TX; Houston, TX; Los Angeles, CA; Miami, FL;
New York, NY; Newark, NJ; Philadelphia, PA; Phoenix, AZ; San Antonio, CA; and
Washington, DC.
    There is 1 position is San Juan, Puerto Rico.

The candidate will:

Provide support to the government client in conducting analysis of complex
financial and business records to support federal investigations and
prosecutions.
    Participate in strategic planning sessions with financial investigative
groups and task forces.
    Assist with conducting interviews during the course of the financial
investigation.
    Conduct analysis during the course of investigation support on financial
transactions in order to accurately identify all parties involved in the
criminal activity.
    Conduct analysis and audit complex financial and business records to support
federal investigations and prosecutions.
    Perform reviews on internet open resources for additional intelligence from
the public sector and various reputable public intelligence sites.
    Obtain raw criminal intelligence from various database resources and
correlate the data, culminating in a full analysis of the information.
    Input all researched and analyzed data into various professional products
for statistical analysis data, intelligence summaries, and power point
presentations for law enforcement use.
    Use financial forensic skill sets to investigate and analyze all components
of the financial infrastructure of DTOs and TCOs syndicates, their methods of
criminal money movements, and the professional money laundering infrastructure
facilitating these movements.

Job Requirements

More than 3 years of specialized experience as a forensic accountant
    Demonstrated in-depth knowledge of procedures and techniques as generally
prescribed under American Institute of Certified Public Accountants (AICPA)
disciplines
    Knowledge of current and anticipated banking anti-money laundering
regulations and practices
    Knowledge in the field of law enforcement or related investigative exposure
in Forfeiture, Domestic and Transnational Organized Crime, White Collar Crime,
Financial/Money Laundering, Drug, or similar area of activity.  They shall also
possess a deep knowledge of 3PML schemes, such as Black Market Peso Exchange
(BMPE), Trade Base Money Laundering (TBML), and Foreign Corrupt Practices Act
(FCPA) violations
    Ability to solve complex problems independently by following accounting
procedures and have experience in evaluating controls associated with complex
business processes
    Experience conducting analysis of complex financial and business records to
support federal investigations and prosecutions by using criminal investigative
tools and other client-owned databases
    Applied knowledge to the enforcement of Title 18, Title 31 and other
applicable statutes of the Federal Criminal Code, and the seizure and forfeiture
of illegally derived property
    Ability to conduct extensive research and analysis using open source
information, national and international databases, and corporate record filings
to correlate and summarize data into a finished professional product

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              970 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                 Ottawa Citizen

                       June 8, 2004 Tuesday EARLY Edition

Canadian, U.S. officials crack cross-border dope, money-laundering ring: Crime
network moved home-grown marijuana south of the border in return for illicit
cash

SOURCE: The National Post

BYLINE: Adrian Humphreys

SECTION: News; Pg. D13

LENGTH: 527 words

DATELINE: TORONTO

TORONTO - Officials yesterday dismantled what they describe as a large
international organized crime group after U.S. police caught up with vehicles on
several occasions carting millions in so-called illicit currency north to
Canada.

The large marijuana and money laundering network allegedly moved tonnes of
potent marijuana, grown in Ontario home grow operations, to cities throughout
the Midwest and Northeastern United States and then repatriated the proceeds --
millions in U.S. cash -- back to Canada.

The case, if proven true, is the strongest evidence yet that Canada has become a
substantial source country for drugs for the U.S. market, and features the
unusual situation of criminal money flowing into, rather than from, Canada.

"It started off with cash, that's what makes it different. It was reverse
engineering," said Chief Superintendent John MacLaughlan, in charge of the
RCMP's criminal operations in Ontario.

"Normally you find drugs and then work through to the money."

At the heart of the operation was a Vietnamese-led, Canadian-based crew under
the leadership of Trong Gia Nguyen, 46, of Mississauga, police allege.

From his headquarters outside of Toronto, Mr. Nguyen allegedly ran cells
operating in Detroit, Boston, Pittsburgh, and other cities in New Jersey,
Maryland, Ohio, Tennessee, Mississippi and California.

Hydroponic marijuana was supplied in bulk to the crew, who then hid it in
private passenger vehicles -- a rotating fleet of cars, SUVs and minivans -- and
had accomplices from the U.S. and Canada drive it south, police said.

"These traffickers attempted to exploit the border between Detroit and Windsor,"
said Jeffrey G. Collins, U.S. Attorney for the Eastern District of Michigan.

The flow of drugs south was matched almost shipment-by-shipment with large
quantities of cash coming north, again hidden in passenger vehicles and driven
across the Ambassador Bridge, through the Detroit-Windsor tunnel and across the
Sarnia Blue Water Bridge by criminal accomplices, authorities said.

The crew has been in operation since August 2002, according to a Grand Jury
Indictment unsealed Monday in Detroit. Mr. Nguyen and his associates moved more
than $3 million U.S. in drug proceeds into Canada, it alleges.

The case seems to have been sparked in the U.S. by the discovery on Sept. 5,
2002 of a shipment of $530,000 U.S., in the possession of Banh Thi Nguyen, a
48-year-old Windsor, Ont., woman.

The cash was destined for Canada, U.S. authorities said.

By June 19, 2003, when $460,000 U.S. in cash was seized in the U.S., enroute to
Canada, the fourth such find, American officials realized they had a substantial
criminal network regularly exploiting weakness in the Canada-U.S. border.

Canadian authorities, including the RCMP and Canada Border Services Agency, were
then brought into the investigation, called Project Oflow in Canada and Project
Lucky Mai in the U.S.

Authorities on both sides of the border then picked off a number of drug and
money shipments over the past year, totalling $5 million US in alleged drug
money, 772 kilograms of marijuana and 3,000 tablets of ecstasy.

LOAD-DATE: June 8, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Crime

               Copyright 2004 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              971 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       The Daily Record (Baltimore, MD.)

                           December 22, 1995, Friday

Accounting Firm OwnerCharged With Money Laundering

SECTION: Pg.  9

LENGTH: 188 words


The owner of a Baltimore County accounting firm was charged with 15 counts of
money laundering and conspiracy yesterday, according to U.S. Attorney Lynne A.
Battaglia. Ira Joel Sugar, 47, of Owings Mills was charged with conspiring with
David Basta, 44, of Sparks to launder $ 177,000 in cash Basta allegedly received
from trafficking in marijuana and hashish. Basta pled guilty in June to
drug-trafficking and money-laundering charges. According to the indictment,
Sugar laundered some $ 71,500 for Basta during 1992 and 1993 by writing checks
on his personal account payable to "New Day Enterprises," a
construction-contracting business of Basta's which investigators allege was a
front. The indictment goes on to accuse Sugar of laundering another $ 106,000 by
exchanging cash for checks written to New Day Enterprises on the account of an
interior design company owned by Sugar. "Lawyers, accountants, bankers and other
businessmen who seek to relieve professional criminals of their currency
problems through various money laundering schemes are regularly investigated and
prosecuted by this office," Battaglia said.

LOAD-DATE: December 26, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1995 The Daily Record Co.

                              972 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 13, 2013 Tuesday

Florida: Four More Defendants Plead Guilty in Staged Automobile Accident Scheme

LENGTH: 784  words

DATELINE: Tallahassee


United States Attorney's Office for the Southern District of Florida has issued
the following press release:

Wifredo A. Ferrer, United States Attorney for the Southern District of Florida,
Michael B. Steinbach, Special Agent in Charge, Federal Bureau of Investigation
(FBI), Miami Field Office, Michael J. DePalma, Acting Special Agent in Charge,
Internal Revenue Service, Criminal Investigation (IRS-CI), Jeff Atwater, Florida
Chief Financial Officer, and Dave Aronberg, State Attorney, Office of the State
Attorney for Palm Beach County, announced that defendants Dr. Aaron Freedlander,
50, of Weston, a chiropractic doctor, Abner Llenderrozo, 30, of Hollywood, a
licensed massage therapist, Daviel Castro Martinez, 26, of West Palm Beach, and
Elias Munguia, 41, of Miami, pled guilty this week for their participation in a
staged automobile accident scheme and fraudulent chiropractic clinic scheme that
resulted in the theft of millions of dollars from Florida's automobile insurance
companies and Florida drivers.

The sentencings for all four defendants will occur at a later date to be set by
U.S. District Judge Kenneth A. Marra in West Palm Beach.

Each of the defendants pled guilty to one count of conspiring to commit mail
fraud, in violation of Title 18, United States Code, Section 1341, all in
violation of Title 18, United States Code, Section 1349, and a number of counts
of mail fraud, in violation of Title 18, United States Code, Sections 1341 and
2. Some of the defendants also pled guilty to conspiring to commit money
laundering, in violation of Title 18, United States Code, Sections 1956(a)(1),
all in violation of Title 18, United States Code, Section 1956(h); and money
laundering, in violation of Title 18, United States Code, Sections
1956(a)(1)(A)(i), 1956(a)(1)(B)(i), 1956(a)(1)(B)(ii), and 2.

For each count of conspiracy to commit mail fraud, substantive mail fraud,
conspiracy to commit money laundering, and substantive money laundering the
defendants face a possible maximum statutory sentence of 20 years in prison.
Restitution to the victims of the offenses is mandatory, and the four defendants
have agreed that they must pay in excess of $2,000,000 of restitution, beginning
with partial payments totaling $33,750 at the time of sentencing.

According to court documents, between approximately October 2006 and December
2012, members of the conspiracy staged automobile accidents and thereafter
caused the submission of false insurance claims through chiropractic clinics
they controlled. To execute the scheme, the true owners of the chiropractic
clinics, including defendant Munguia, recruited individuals, who had the medical
or chiropractic licenses required by the state to open a clinic, to act as
"nominee owners" of the clinics. Members of the conspiracy, including defendant
Castro Martinez, also served as recruiters, who found individuals, whom they
referred to as "Perro" and "Perra," to participate in the staged accidents.
Members of the conspiracy, including defendant Castro Martinez, also were used
to help the clinics launder the insurance proceeds. The defendants also hired
complicit chiropractors and therapists, including defendants Freedlander and
Llenderrozo, who prescribed and billed for unnecessary treatments and/or for
services that had not been rendered. Thereafter, complicit clinic employees
prepared and submitted claims to the automobile insurance companies for payment
for these unnecessary or non-rendered services. Twenty-one clinics participated
in this scheme.

Starting with Operation Sledgehammer I in June 2011 and including the defendants
charged in Operation Sledgehammer VI, 92 defendants have been charged for their
participation in this automobile insurance fraud scheme. Of those 92 defendants,
56 have been charged federally by the U.S. Attorney's Office, resulting in
court-ordered restitution of more than $5 million to the defrauded insurance
companies. Thirty-six defendants have been arrested by the Florida Department of
Insurance Fraud for prosecution by the Palm Beach County State Attorney's
Office.

Mr. Ferrer commended the efforts of the FBI, IRS-CI, the Florida Department of
Insurance Fraud, the Palm Beach County State Attorney's Office, and the Greater
Palm Beach County Health Care Fraud Task Force for their outstanding work in
this case. Mr. Ferrer also recognized the National Insurance Crime Bureau (NICB)
for its collaboration and assistance in this investigation. The federal cases
are being prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorney A. Marie Villafaña and the state
cases are being prosecuted by the Palm Beach County State Attorney's Office.

For more information please visit: http://www.justice.gov/usao/fls

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              973 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 12, 2013 Monday

Florida: Four More Defendants Plead Guilty in Staged Automobile Accident Scheme

LENGTH: 784  words

DATELINE: Tallahassee


United States Attorney's Office for the Southern District of Florida has issued
the following press release:

Wifredo A. Ferrer, United States Attorney for the Southern District of Florida,
Michael B. Steinbach, Special Agent in Charge, Federal Bureau of Investigation
(FBI), Miami Field Office, Michael J. DePalma, Acting Special Agent in Charge,
Internal Revenue Service, Criminal Investigation (IRS-CI), Jeff Atwater, Florida
Chief Financial Officer, and Dave Aronberg, State Attorney, Office of the State
Attorney for Palm Beach County, announced that defendants Dr. Aaron Freedlander,
50, of Weston, a chiropractic doctor, Abner Llenderrozo, 30, of Hollywood, a
licensed massage therapist, Daviel Castro Martinez, 26, of West Palm Beach, and
Elias Munguia, 41, of Miami, pled guilty this week for their participation in a
staged automobile accident scheme and fraudulent chiropractic clinic scheme that
resulted in the theft of millions of dollars from Florida's automobile insurance
companies and Florida drivers.

The sentencings for all four defendants will occur at a later date to be set by
U.S. District Judge Kenneth A. Marra in West Palm Beach.

Each of the defendants pled guilty to one count of conspiring to commit mail
fraud, in violation of Title 18, United States Code, Section 1341, all in
violation of Title 18, United States Code, Section 1349, and a number of counts
of mail fraud, in violation of Title 18, United States Code, Sections 1341 and
2. Some of the defendants also pled guilty to conspiring to commit money
laundering, in violation of Title 18, United States Code, Sections 1956(a)(1),
all in violation of Title 18, United States Code, Section 1956(h); and money
laundering, in violation of Title 18, United States Code, Sections
1956(a)(1)(A)(i), 1956(a)(1)(B)(i), 1956(a)(1)(B)(ii), and 2.

For each count of conspiracy to commit mail fraud, substantive mail fraud,
conspiracy to commit money laundering, and substantive money laundering the
defendants face a possible maximum statutory sentence of 20 years in prison.
Restitution to the victims of the offenses is mandatory, and the four defendants
have agreed that they must pay in excess of $2,000,000 of restitution, beginning
with partial payments totaling $33,750 at the time of sentencing.

According to court documents, between approximately October 2006 and December
2012, members of the conspiracy staged automobile accidents and thereafter
caused the submission of false insurance claims through chiropractic clinics
they controlled. To execute the scheme, the true owners of the chiropractic
clinics, including defendant Munguia, recruited individuals, who had the medical
or chiropractic licenses required by the state to open a clinic, to act as
"nominee owners" of the clinics. Members of the conspiracy, including defendant
Castro Martinez, also served as recruiters, who found individuals, whom they
referred to as "Perro" and "Perra," to participate in the staged accidents.
Members of the conspiracy, including defendant Castro Martinez, also were used
to help the clinics launder the insurance proceeds. The defendants also hired
complicit chiropractors and therapists, including defendants Freedlander and
Llenderrozo, who prescribed and billed for unnecessary treatments and/or for
services that had not been rendered. Thereafter, complicit clinic employees
prepared and submitted claims to the automobile insurance companies for payment
for these unnecessary or non-rendered services. Twenty-one clinics participated
in this scheme.

Starting with Operation Sledgehammer I in June 2011 and including the defendants
charged in Operation Sledgehammer VI, 92 defendants have been charged for their
participation in this automobile insurance fraud scheme. Of those 92 defendants,
56 have been charged federally by the U.S. Attorney's Office, resulting in
court-ordered restitution of more than $5 million to the defrauded insurance
companies. Thirty-six defendants have been arrested by the Florida Department of
Insurance Fraud for prosecution by the Palm Beach County State Attorney's
Office.

Mr. Ferrer commended the efforts of the FBI, IRS-CI, the Florida Department of
Insurance Fraud, the Palm Beach County State Attorney's Office, and the Greater
Palm Beach County Health Care Fraud Task Force for their outstanding work in
this case. Mr. Ferrer also recognized the National Insurance Crime Bureau (NICB)
for its collaboration and assistance in this investigation. The federal cases
are being prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorney A. Marie Villafaña and the state
cases are being prosecuted by the Palm Beach County State Attorney's Office.

For more information please visit: http://www.justice.gov/usao/fls

LOAD-DATE: August 12, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              974 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      Foster's Daily Democrat, Dover, N.H

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           February 19, 2013 Tuesday

BRIEF: Former Durham man facing multiple charges in Colorado

BYLINE: Andrea Bulfinch, Foster's Daily Democrat, Dover, N.H.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 227 words


Feb. 19--DENVER -- A former Durham resident with a local criminal record was
arrested last week in Denver and now faces significant drug-related money
laundering charges in Colorado.

Taylor Hills, 25, of Boulder, Colo., was charged with 17 counts of money
laundering, 12 counts of illegal use of the mail, one count of a false statement
on a loan application, and one count of failing to file a tax return.

He was indicted by a federal grand jury in Denver on Jan. 29, for money
laundering in relation to distribution of a controlled substance, illegal use of
the mail, false statement in a loan application and failure to pay taxes.

This case was investigated by agents with Homeland Security Investigations,
IRS-Criminal Investigation, US Postal Inspection Service, officers from the
Boulder County Drug Task Force and the Boulder County District Attorney's
Office. The case is being prosecuted by Assistant US Attorney Michele Korver.

According to a press release from the Department of Justice, the indictment
indicates that Hills "allegedly engaged in financial transactions, which
transactions involved the proceeds of specified unlawful activity, that is, the
distribution of controlled substances."

___ (c)2013 the Foster's Daily Democrat (Dover, N.H.) Visit the Foster's Daily
Democrat (Dover, N.H.) at www.fosters.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20130219-1FD-BRF-Former-Durham-man-facing-multiple-charges-in-Colorado-0219-2013
0219

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1FD


               Copyright 2013 Foster's Daily Democrat, Dover, N.H

                              975 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Lowell Sun (Massachusetts)

                            November 8, 2010 Monday

Jury to hear 2nd week of testimony in DeLay trial

BYLINE: The Lowell Sun

SECTION: LATEST NEWS

LENGTH: 516 words


By JUAN A. LOZANO

Associated Press

AUSTIN, Texas (AP) -- Both the prosecution and defense remained confident things
were going their way as testimony in the money laundering trial of former House
Majority Leader Tom DeLay was to start its second week on Monday.

Prosecutors were to resume presenting their case, in which they accuse DeLay of
using his political action committee to illegally funnel $190,000 in corporate
donations into Texas legislative races eight years ago.

DeLay, who has denied any wrongdoing, told reporters last week that prosecutors
have yet to show any evidence he broke the law.

"We will prevail," said DeLay, who is charged with money laundering and
conspiracy to commit money laundering. He faces up to life in prison if
convicted.

None of the 12 witnesses who have testified for prosecutors have directly tied
DeLay to the alleged scheme.

Prosecutors allege DeLay and two associates -- John Colyandro and Jim Ellis --
illegally channeled the corporate donations collected by DeLay's Texas PAC,
through the Washington-based Republican National Committee. Under Texas law,
corporate money cannot be directly used for political campaigns.

Dick DeGuerin, DeLay's lead attorney, has stressed to jurors that DeLay had
little involvement in running the PAC. The money swap the PAC was involved with
was common and legal, and no Texas candidate got corporate money, he said.

The presentation of evidence has been methodical and driven by documents, and
testimony has gone into great detail about political fundraising and the work of
lobbyists.

Travis County Assistant District Attorney Gary Cobb said prosecutors are
presenting many pieces of the alleged scheme that will ultimately "give the jury
the big picture."

Expected to testify this week were the seven Texas legislative candidates
prosecutors allege received laundered corporate donations.

The trial is expected to last at least three weeks.

Prosecutors say the money helped Republicans take control of the Texas House in
2002. That majority allowed the GOP to push through a Delay-engineered
congressional redistricting plan that sent more Texas Republicans to Congress in
2004 and strengthened DeLay's political power, prosecutors said.

Prosecutors deny defense claims that the charges are politically motivated.

DeLay's defense team tried moving the trial out of Austin -- the most Democratic
city in one of the most Republican states.

DeLay has been pressing for a trial since he was indicted five years ago, but
the case was slowed by appeals.

The criminal charges in Texas, as well as a separate federal investigation of
DeLay's ties to disgraced former lobbyist Jack Abramoff, ended his 22-year
political career representing suburban Houston. The Justice Department probe
into DeLay's ties to Abramoff ended without any charges filed against DeLay.

Ellis and Colyandro, who face lesser charges, will be tried later.

DeLay, whose nickname was "the Hammer" for his heavy-handed style, now runs a
consulting firm based in the Houston suburb of Sugar Land. In 2009, he appeared
on ABC's hit television show "Dancing With the Stars."

LOAD-DATE: November 8, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              976 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                           October 31, 2009 Saturday
                           4 State / Suncoast Edition

PROFESSOR INDICTED IN FRAUD CASE

BYLINE: SHANNON COLAVECCHIO

SECTION: TAMPA BAY; FLORIDA NEWS; Pg. 4B

LENGTH: 279 words

DATELINE: TALLAHASSEE


A University of Florida professor and his wife have been indicted by a federal
grand jury on multiple counts of wire fraud and money laundering that stem from
$3.7 million in contracts the couple entered into with NASA, the Air Force and
the Navy.

In the 71-count indictment, the federal grand jury charged Samim Anghaie, 60;
and his wife, Sousan Anghaie, 55, with conspiracy to commit wire fraud, 50
counts of wire fraud, conspiracy to commit money laundering, 17 counts of money
laundering, and one count of making false statements to the government. Sousan
Anghaie also faces a separate count of making false statements.

According to the indictment, the engineering professor served as director of the
Innovation Nuclear Space Power and Propulsion Institute at UF and also as
president and registered agent of New Era Technology Inc., a business in which
Sousan Anghaie had previously served as director and vice president. Authorities
say the couple submitted proposals for contracts with NASA, the Air Force, and
Navy that contained false information.

The indictment alleges the proposals contained research, analysis and
information that the Anghaies said was the work of New Era Technology - yet had
actually been lifted from research projects, papers, theses, and presentations
of graduate and doctoral students at UF, unbeknownst to them.

If convicted, Samim and Sousan Anghaie could get 20 years in prison on each of
the conspiracy, wire fraud, and money laundering charges.

UF learned about the feds' investigation in February and promptly put the
professor on administrative leave, where he remains. UF also cut off his access
to funding, awards and university resources.

LOAD-DATE: November 2, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2009 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved

                              977 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            June 19, 2013 Wednesday

Michigan: HOUSE BILL No. 5433

LENGTH: 585  words

DATELINE: Lansing


Office of the Legislature, The State of Michigan has issued the following press
release:

February 23, 2012, Introduced by Reps. Cotter, Heise and Hughes and referred to
the Committee on Judiciary.

A bill to amend 1927 PA 175, entitled

"The code of criminal procedure,"

by amending section 16t of chapter XVII (MCL 777.16t), as amended

by 2010 PA 278.

THE PEOPLE OF THE STATE OF MICHIGAN ENACT:

1                           CHAPTER XVII

2        Sec. 16t. This chapter applies to the following felonies

3  enumerated in chapter 750 of the Michigan Compiled Laws:

4  M.C.L.             Category  Class  Description             Stat Max

5  750.410a           Person    G      Conspiracy to commit a person to state
hospital unjustly     4

6  750.411a(1)(b)     Pub ord   F      False report of a felony    4

1  750.411a(3)(a)     Pub ord   F      Threat or false report of an explosive or
harmful device, substance, or material 4

2  750.411a(3)(b)     Pub ord   D      Threat or false report of an explosive or
harmful device, substance, or material -- subsequent offense    10

3  750.411a(4)(a)     Pub ord   F      False report of medical or other
emergency   4

4  750.411a(4)(b)     Pub ord   F      False report of medical or other
emergency resulting in physical injury    10

5  750.411a(4)(c)     Pub ord   F      False report of medical or other
emergency resulting in death    15

6  750.411b           Pub trst  G      Excess fees to members of legislature 4

7  750.411h(2)(b)     Person    E      Stalking of a minor     5

8  750.411i(3)(a)     Person    E      Aggravated stalking     5

9  750.411i(3)(b)     Person    D      Aggravated stalking of a minor        10

10 750.411l            Pub ord   H      Money Fourth degree money laundering --
fourth degree         2

11 750.411m           Pub ord   E      Money Third degree money laundering --
third degree                5

1  750.411n           Pub ord   D      Money Second degree money laundering --
second degree         10

2  750.411o           Pub ord   B      Money First degree money laundering --
first degree                20

3  750.411p(2)(a)     Property  B      Money laundering of proceeds from
controlled substance offense involving $10,000 or more                    20

4  750.411p(2)(b)     Property  D      Money laundering of proceeds from
controlled substance offense or other proceeds involving $10,000 or more  10

5  750.411p(2)(c)     Property  E      Money laundering -- transactions
involving represented proceeds  5

6  750.411s(2)(a)     Person    G      Unlawful posting of message 2

7  750.411s(2)(b)     Person    E      Unlawful posting of message with
aggravating circumstances         5

8  750.411t(2)(b)     Person    E      Hazing resulting in serious impairment of
body function         5

9  750.411t(2)(c)     Person    C      Hazing resulting in death   15

10 750.411u           Pub ord   B      Gang membership felonies    20

11 750.411v(1)        Person    E      Gang recruitment        5

1  750.411v(2)        Person    B      Retaliation for withdrawal from gang  20

2        Enacting section 1. This amendatory act takes effect July 1,

3  2012.

4        Enacting section 2. This amendatory act does not take effect

5  unless all of the following bills of the 96th Legislature are

6  enacted into law:

7        (a) Senate Bill No. ____ or House Bill No. 5431(request no.

8  03875'11 *).

9        (b) Senate Bill No. ____ or House Bill No. 5432(request no.

10  03875'11 a *).


For further information please visit: http://www.legislature.mi.gov/

LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              978 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         The Herald-Sun (Durham, N.C.)

                             August 4, 2015 Tuesday

SECTION: W-FINANCIAL; A; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 551  words


Lukoil managers charged for money laundering of $1.95B

BUCHAREST, Romania - Romanian authorities have charged Russian oil producer
Lukoil with complicity in money laundering worth $1.95 billion.

Prosecutors at the Court of Appeal in Ploiesti, where Lukoil's refinery is
based, on Monday charged Romanian and Russian company managers for allegedly
misusing the company's credit and capital.

The statement said from 2011 to 2014 "the suspects knowingly used company goods
and credit granted to the company to benefit other companies in which they had a
direct or indirect interest."

There was no immediate reaction from Lukoil in Romania.

Medical software company hack affected 3.9M people

FORT WAYNE, Ind. - An Indiana medical software company has reported the private
information of 3.9 million people nationwide was exposed when its networks were
hacked earlier this year.

The U.S. Department of Health and Human Services said Monday that Medical
Informatics Engineering reported that's how many people were affected by the
hack.

The Fort Wayne company announced June 10 that the attack on its main network and
its NoMoreClipboard network began May 7. It was detected May 26. The comany said
the exposed information includes names, addresses, birthdates, Social Security
numbers and health records.

The company said the people affected by the hack includes patients of
Texas-based Concentra, which operates more than 300 medical centers in 38
states; Franciscan St. Francis Health Indianapolis; and Rochester Medical Group
in the Detroit area.

Kraft recalls cheese slices for choking risk

The Kraft Heinz Co. is voluntarily recalling about 36,000 cases of Kraft Singles
cheese products because some of the packaging film may stick to the slices and
pose a choking hazard.

The company said Monday that there have been 10 consumer complaints to date
about the packaging, including three reports of consumers choking.

The recall applies to 3-pound and 4-pound sizes of Kraft Singles American and
White American pasteurized prepared cheese product. The products being recalled
have a "best when used by" date of Dec. 29, 2015 through Jan. 4, 2016, followed
by the manufacturing code S54 or S55.

No other sizes, varieties or code dates are included in this recall.

The products being recalled had been shipped by Kraft Heinz to retailers in the
U.S., Puerto Rico and Grand Cayman.

Consumers who purchased this product should return it for an exchange or full
refund. Consumers can also contact the company at 1-800-432-3101 for a refund.

Family of woman sent home during heart attack gets $275,000

COLUMBUS, Ohio - Relatives of an Ohio woman who died after being sent home from
a hospital while having a heart attack have reached a $275,000 settlement with
the facility.

Ohio State University Wexner Medical Center doesn't admit liability in the
settlement approved last week by an Ohio Court of Claims judge.

The family's attorneys say in court documents that Ella Whitehead complained of
chest pain in April 2012 but was sent home by doctors while they awaited test
results to confirm whether she was suffering a heart attack. The 65-year-old
Whitehead died the next day.

Her family's attorneys alleged negligence and argued the doctors didn't follow
standards of care.

A message seeking comment was left Monday for the medical center.

LOAD-DATE: August 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 The Durham Herald Co.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              979 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                Copyright (c) 2003 American Criminal Law Review
                          American Criminal Law Review

                                  Spring, 2003

                            40 Am. Crim. L. Rev. 847

LENGTH: 10370 words

ARTICLE: Money Laundering

NAME: CHRISTOPHER BORAN

LEXISNEXIS SUMMARY:
 ... Money laundering is "the process by which one conceals the existence,
illegal source, or illegal application of income, and disguises that income to
make it appear legitimate." ... Section 1957 prohibits knowingly engaging, or
attempting to engage, in monetary transactions involving criminally derived
property that has a value greater than $ 10,000 and is derived from specified
unlawful activity. ... The government must prove four elements to obtain a
conviction under the Act: (i) knowledge, (ii) the existence of proceeds derived
from a specified unlawful activity, (iii) a financial transaction, and (iv)
intent. ... Some examples of transactions deemed sufficient to confer federal
jurisdiction include payment of a co-conspirator's cash bond to correctional
officers, intrastate money transfer violating a loan agreement with an
out-of-state company, purchase of a car, investment in construction of a
shopping mall, transactions involving funds on deposit at a federally insured
financial institution, transaction involving a check or money order, and
transportation of drug proceeds.  A complete lack of evidence linking the
transaction to interstate commerce may be fatal to a money laundering
prosecution. ... Courts generally agree that money laundering and the 'specified
unlawful activity' are separate offenses separately punishable. ...

TEXT:
 [*847]  I. INTRODUCTION

   Money laundering is "the process by which one conceals the existence, illegal
source, or illegal application of income, and disguises that income to make it
appear legitimate."  n1 Laundering criminally derived proceeds has become a
lucrative  [*848]  and sophisticated business,  n2 and is an indispensable
element of organized criminal activities.  n3 Although money laundering occurs
in various and creative media,  n4 money laundering typically is effectuated
through a three-step process: (i) the criminally derived money is "placed" into
a legitimate enterprise; (ii) the funds are "layered" through various
transactions to obscure the original source; and (iii) the newly laundered funds
are integrated into the legitimate financial world "in the form of bank notes,
loans, letters of credit," or other recognizable financial instruments.  n5

   In recognition of this pervasive problem, Congress passed the Money
Laundering Control Act of 1986 (the "Act"),  n6 which created liability for any
individual who conducts a monetary transaction knowing that the funds were
derived through unlawful activity.  n7 Unlike earlier unsuccessful efforts to
control the movement of illegal income by requiring financial institutions to
comply with reporting requirements,  n8 the Act targets "the lifeblood of
organized crime":  n9 the conversion of funds derived from illegal activities
into a "clean" or useable form.  n10

   The Act's expansive definition of "money laundering" allows it to reach the
[*849]  proceeds of a broad range of illicit activities.  n11 For instance, the
Act encompasses the proceeds of conduct that is characteristic of organized
crime, such as narcotics trafficking, certain state offenses, and Racketeer
Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act ("RICO") predicates.  n12 Moreover, the
Act covers proceeds of a wide range of additional criminal offenses including
copyright infringement, environmental offenses, espionage, trading with the
enemy, and conducting financial transactions with intent to engage in violations
of the Internal Revenue Code.  n13

   One of the principal purposes of the Act, embodied in § 1957, is to bar all
"monetary transactions" in "criminally derived property" which exceed $ 10,000.
n14 In achieving that purpose, the Act targets transactions conducted through
financial institutions  n15 and also reaches a broad variety of routine
commercial transactions that affect commerce.  n16 Although the seizure of
criminal proceeds for use as  [*850]  evidence is nothing new,  n17 the Act also
makes the subsequent use of criminal proceeds in any transaction illegal in
perpetuity, extending well beyond the statute of limitations on the original
criminal conduct.  n18

   Beyond the Act, the government also utilizes reporting laws, which forbid
exporting more than $ 10,000 of undeclared cash, to prevent money laundering.
n19 Further, the Treasury Department has enacted rules requiring all businesses
that wire money internationally to register with the government, file a report
for all transactions exceeding $ 750, report suspicious activity, and furnish
the names of both the transferor and the recipient.  n20

   Finally, in the wake of the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001, Congress
acted with renewed focus upon the detection, prevention, and prosecution of
money laundering.  n21 Title III of the USA PATRIOT Act, titled "International
Money Laundering Abatement and Anti-Terrorist Financing Act" ("IMLAFA"), aims to
combat terrorism by stifling terrorist financial networks.  n22 IMLAFA operates
to bring a broad range of "financial institutions" within the ambit of money
laundering laws and requires such "financial institutions" to implement programs
designed to deter and detect instances of money laundering.  n23 Further, IMLAFA
amends 18 U.S.C. §§ 1956, 1957, by expanding the list of predicate offenses that
give rise to a money laundering charge,  n24 and establishing the
"extra-territorial bite" necessary to combat global terrorism.  n25

    [*851]  II. OVERVIEW OF THE STATUTE

   The Money Laundering Control Act consists of 18 U.S.C. § 1956, which
addresses the knowing and intentional transportation or transfer of monetary
funds derived from specified unlawful activities, and 18 U.S.C. § 1957, which
covers transactions involving property exceeding $ 10,000 derived from the
specified unlawful activities.  n26

A. Section 1956

   The three subdivisions of § 1956 address (i) domestic money laundering and
participation in transactions involving criminal proceeds,  n27 (ii)
international money laundering and transportation of criminally derived monetary
instruments in foreign commerce,  n28 and (iii) the use of government sting
operations to expose criminal activity.  n29

1. Transaction Money Laundering

   Offenses referred to in § 1956(a)(1) are commonly known as "transaction money
laundering" because the prohibited action is the financial transaction itself.
n30 The four prohibited activities are: (i) financial transactions conducted
with the intent to promote specified unlawful activity;  n31 (ii) financial
transactions with the intent to engage in 26 U.S.C. §§ 7201 and 7206  n32 tax
evasion violations;  n33 (iii)  [*852]  financial transactions designed to
conceal or disguise the nature, location, source, ownership, or control of the
proceeds of specified unlawful activity;  n34 and (iv) financial transactions
designed to avoid a state or federal reporting requirement.  n35

2. Transportation Money Laundering

   Section 1956(a)(2) contains three separate offenses relating to the
transportation, transmission, or transfer of criminally derived proceeds  n36
into or out of the United States. The three offenses involve: (i) the intent to
promote the carrying on of a specified unlawful activity,  n37 (ii) the
transportation of a monetary instrument that represents the proceeds of some
form of unlawful activity designed to conceal or disguise that instrument,  n38
and (iii) the transportation of the monetary instrument that represents the
proceeds of some form of unlawful activity designed to avoid a state or federal
transaction reporting requirement.  n39

3. Sting Operations

   Section 1956(a)(3) authorizes the government to utilize sting operations.
Under the sting provisions of § 1956, it is illegal to conduct, or attempt to
conduct, a financial transaction involving property that a law enforcement
officer represents  n40 to be the proceeds of a specified unlawful activity with
the intent to: (i) promote specified unlawful activity;  n41 (ii) conceal or
disguise the nature, location, source,  [*853]  ownership, or control of the
proceeds of specified unlawful activity;  n42 or (iii) avoid a state or federal
transaction reporting requirement.  n43 Because this section requires only that
a defendant believe that the money in question is criminally derived, informants
and undercover officers are able to use money that is not actually criminally
derived during their sting operations.  n44

B. Section 1957

   Section 1957 prohibits knowingly engaging, or attempting to engage, in
monetary transactions involving criminally derived property that has a value
greater than $ 10,000 and is derived from specified unlawful activity.  n45
Because the recipient need not actually exchange or launder the funds, nor need
he have any specific intent to further or conceal unlawful activity,  n46 § 1957
potentially criminalizes seemingly "innocent" acts or commercial transactions.
n47 In enacting § 1957, Congress intended to dissuade people from engaging in
even ordinary commercial transactions with people suspected to be involved in
criminal activity.  n48 However, § 1957 does require that the violator
"knowingly" engage in a transaction involving criminally derived property.  n49

    [*854]  III. ELEMENTS OF THE OFFENSES

   The government must prove four elements to obtain a conviction under the Act:
(i) knowledge, (ii) the existence of proceeds derived from a specified unlawful
activity, (iii) a financial transaction, and (iv) intent.  n50

A. Knowledge Requirement

   Although knowledge is a requisite element for all of the crimes established
by the Act, the exact type of knowledge required varies with the specific
offense. The language of the Act suggests the government must prove either
knowledge of a monetary transaction in illegally derived property  n51 or
knowledge of a specified unlawful activity.  n52 In some circuits, however, it
is sufficient to prove that the defendant was willfully blind to the specified
unlawful activity, easing the government's burden of proof.  n53

1. General Knowledge

   Sections 1956 and 1957 require that the defendant know that the property or
money in question is the proceeds of a specified unlawful activity. Under § 1956
the offender must have knowledge "that the property involved in a financial
transaction represents the proceeds of some type of unlawful activity."  n54
Section 1956(c)(1) defines "some form of unlawful activity" to mean felonious
conduct.  n55 Section 1956(c)(1), however, makes it clear that the offender need
not know the specific criminal activity from which the proceeds are derived,
n56 and at least one circuit has explicitly rejected the notion that the
defendant must know that criminal  [*855]  conduct constituted a felony rather
than a misdemeanor.  n57

   Section 1957 requires that the offender "knowingly engages or attempts to
engage in a monetary transaction in criminally derived property."  n58 Again, §
1957 requires that the offender know that the proceeds were derived from some
form of criminal conduct but not the specific criminal activity involved.  n59
This level of knowledge can be met without the defendant having designed the
transaction.  n60 Nearly all circuits have allowed the use of sufficient
circumstantial evidence to prove the requisite knowledge.  n61

2. Willful Blindness

   Sections 1956 and 1957 require actual knowledge, which is a more stringent
standard than "should have known" or "reckless disregard."  n62 However, some
courts have softened this requirement, indicating that the knowledge
requirements of §§ 1956 and 1957 is met upon a showing of willful blindness.
n63 The assumption has been that Congress intended a definition of knowledge
broad enough to include willful blindness.  n64 Consequently, several circuits
have upheld the standard where a reasonable jury could find willful blindness.
n65

    [*856]  B. Proceeds Derived From A Specified Unlawful Activity

1. Proceeds

   Section 1956(a)(1) prohibits transactions that involve the "proceeds of
specified unlawful activity."  n66 The scope of the term "proceeds" and the
extent to which the government must trace proceeds are two key aspects of this
element. There is no proceeds element in §§ 1956(a)(2) or 1956(a)(3). Under §
1957, "criminally derived property" is equivalent to "proceeds."  n67

a. Scope

   Congress did not define "proceeds" in § 1956,  n68 and courts have construed
the term broadly.  n69 However, disagreement exists regarding when property
becomes "proceeds" and what temporal relationship must exist between proceeds
and the acts constituting the predicate offense.  n70

    [*857]  b. Tracing

   In a § 1956 prosecution, the government does not have to trace proceeds
involved in a scheme back to a particular offense.  n71 Instead, the government
may present evidence that the defendant engaged in conduct typical of criminal
activity and had no other legitimate source of funds.  n72 Evidence of a lack of
a legitimate source of income standing alone will probably not support a
conviction.  n73 However, the jury may permissibly draw an inference from this
and other circumstantial evidence to conclude that the proceeds could have been
derived only from an illegal source.  n74

   Further, § 1956 does not require tracing when illegal proceeds are commingled
with legitimate funds.  n75 To obtain or uphold a conviction, the government
need only prove that part of the funds involved in a transaction represent
illegal proceeds.  n76 In § 1957 cases, on the other hand, courts have disagreed
as to whether  [*858]  the statute requires the tracing of tainted funds from a
commingled account.  n77

   However, where a convicted money launderer is ordered to forfeit property
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 982(a)(1),  n78 the government must prove, by a
preponderance of the evidence, that the property has "some nexus to the property
'involved in' the money laundering offense."  n79 If the defendant has
commingled legitimate funds with tainted funds, then courts may still conclude
that all funds in the account are forfeitable.  n80

2. Specified Unlawful Activity

   The Act criminalizes only those transactions that actually involve the
proceeds of a "specified unlawful activity,"  n81 and contains an extensive list
of crimes meeting that requirement.  n82 Although the Act was originally
intended to combat the movement of money derived from drug-related offenses,
n83 the list of unlawful activities includes many non-drug related offenses.
n84

    [*859]  The Department of Justice has recognized that differences in the
language of the predicate offense statutes might be important to the proper
pleading of § 1956 charges.  n85 As previously discussed, § 1956(c)(7) defines
the term "specified unlawful activity" in terms of specific acts or activities
which constitute discrete offenses.  n86 The use of such terminology implies
that the government pleadings must provide notice of any specific acts or
activity constituting an indictable offense under federal law.  n87 In practice,
however, the courts have not required an overly stringent degree of
particularity in the pleadings when defendants challenge the allegations of
specific unlawful activity.  n88

C. Financial Transaction

   The foundation for a violation of § 1956(a)(1) or § 1956(a)(3) is the
occurrence of a "financial transaction."  n89 The definition of "financial
transaction" is not  [*860]  limited to transactions with banking or financial
institutions.  n90 Virtually any exchange of money between two parties
constitutes a financial transaction subject to criminal prosecution under §
1956, provided that the transaction has a minimal effect on interstate commerce
n91 and satisfies at least one of the four intent requirements of §
1956(a)(1)(A)- (B).  n92 A transaction does not have to have been completed; an
attempted transaction will suffice under § 1956.  n93

   While the legislative history of § 1956 indicates that Congress did not want
every transfer or delivery of property to constitute a "financial transaction,"
n94 courts interpret the term broadly, allowing a wide variety of transactions
to qualify under the statute.  n95

   Some movements of funds do not qualify as "financial transactions" under the
statute. Most courts hold that the mere transportation or mere receipt of drug
proceeds does not constitute a financial transaction under § 1956(c)(3).  n96
Transportation  [*861]  combined with the delivery of drug proceeds, however,
usually suffices to elevate the conduct to a financial transaction.  n97

   Two important issues for courts to consider in addressing the "financial
transaction" element are the impact of multiple transactions and the effect the
transactions have on interstate commerce.

1. Multiple Transactions

   Sophisticated money laundering schemes may employ many financial and
non-financial institutions in various jurisdictions and countries.  n98 Thus,
criminal proceeds may pass through numerous entities before reaching their final
intended destination. If each such transaction affected interstate or foreign
commerce, each separate transfer or deposit constitutes a discrete and
separately indictable offense.  n99 Despite defendants' arguments to the
contrary, courts have held that it is not multiplicitous to charge a defendant
for each discrete transfer of funds in a money laundering scheme.  n100

    [*862]  2. Interstate Commerce

   For a violation of § 1956 to occur, the transaction involved must affect
interstate commerce or involve "a financial institution which is engaged in, or
the activities of which affect, interstate or foreign commerce in any way or
degree."  n101 This requirement is necessary to establish federal jurisdiction
and must be proved as an essential element.  n102 Courts require only "minimal
effects" on interstate commerce to satisfy the requirement.  n103 Some examples
of transactions deemed sufficient to confer federal jurisdiction include payment
of a co-conspirator's cash bond to correctional officers,  n104 intrastate money
transfer violating a loan agreement with an out-of-state company,  n105 purchase
of a car,  n106 investment in construction of a shopping mall,  n107
transactions involving funds on deposit at a federally insured financial
institution,  n108 transaction involving a check  n109 or money order,  n110 and
transportation of drug proceeds.  n111 A complete lack of evidence linking the
transaction to interstate commerce may be fatal to a money laundering  [*863]
prosecution.  n112

D. Intent

   A showing of intent is a necessary requirement under § 1956.  n113 The four
alternative intent requirements under § 1956 are: (i) intent to promote the
carrying on of specified unlawful activity; (ii) intent to engage in a violation
of § 7201 or § 7206 of the Internal Revenue Code; (iii) intent to conceal or
disguise the nature, location, source, ownership, or control of the proceeds of
specified unlawful activity; or (iv) intent to avoid a reporting requirement
under state or federal law.  n114 Proving that the defendant possessed at least
one of these intents is necessary for a money laundering conviction under §
1956.  n115 Section 1957, by contrast, only requires knowledge that a
transaction is occurring and that the transaction involves criminally derived
property; it requires no intent or design to conceal.  n116

   Intent is a fact-specific inquiry, often closely related to the defendant's
knowledge that the transaction is designed to conceal information about the
proceeds of criminal activity.  n117 Sections 1956(a)(1)(B) and 1956(a)(2)(B)
require that the defendant take action knowing that the transaction or
transportation is designed to conceal information about the proceeds of
specified criminal activity, or knowing that it is intended to avoid a
transaction reporting requirement under state or federal law.  n118 It is not
necessarily related, however, to any intention to conceal the  [*864]  identity
of a defendant.  n119 Courts have repeatedly cautioned against combining
separate statutory intent requirements.  n120 Although the government need only
prove a single intent, it can charge several types of intent in the same
indictment.  n121

   Transportation sting operations, which are governed by § 1956(a)(2)(B),
present a unique challenge to courts in their formulation of the requisite
intent to support a criminal action. When dealing with the potential money
launderer, the undercover agent is not required to alert the suspect to the
illegal source of the funds.  n122 It is enough to satisfy the requirement of
mens rea that the defendant "believe" the funds were derived from an illegal
source rather than "know" as the statute on its face requires.  n123 The intent
requirement for sting operations is generally the same as that provided in
subsections (a)(1)(B)(i) and (a)(2)(B)(i) of § 1956.  n124

   When all of the elements of a § 1956 offense other than intent are satisfied,
a court may consider whether the transaction was a "typical laundering
transaction" as evidence of the defendant's criminal intent. Where it is not a
"typical transaction," a court is less likely to find that the defendant acted
with the intent to conceal or disguise such a transaction.  n125 Some courts,
however, have limited the scope of this analysis.  n126

    [*865]  The doctrine of transferred intent has been raised in reference to
the intent requirements of § 1956. Transferred intent allows a defendant who did
not design the transaction to be convicted based upon the intent of the
designer. In other words, the intent of the designer is transferred to the
defendant. Defendants have argued that the incorporation of a transferred intent
element renders § 1956 unconstitutionally vague. Some courts have gone a step
further, holding that the statute does not incorporate the element at all.  n127

   IV. DEFENSES

   Three theories that have been used to attack the Money Laundering Act with
virtually no success are constitutional vagueness, double jeopardy, and
impermissibility of the Congressional act.

A. Constitutional Vagueness

   Section 1956 does not indicate what level of knowledge is sufficient to
"know" that the person's funds were obtained from some unlawful activity.  n128
Consequently, defendants have challenged the knowledge requirement of the
statute as unconstitutionally vague.  n129 Courts uniformly reject such
challenges on the rationale that Congress included sufficient additional
guidelines for defendants to understand what conduct the statute prohibits.
n130

B. Double Jeopardy

   Another possible defense, predicated on the requirement of a specified
unlawful activity, is double jeopardy. However, this issue is rarely raised and
courts have consistently rejected it. For example, in United States v. Edgmon,
n131 the defendant contended that his conviction for both conversion and money
laundering constituted multiple punishments for the same offense because
conversion was a  [*866]  necessary element of the money laundering charge.
n132 The Tenth Circuit rejected the argument.  n133 Courts generally agree that
money laundering and the 'specified unlawful activity' are separate offenses
separately punishable.  n134

C. Constitutionally Impermissible

   In the wake of United States v. Lopez,  n135 defendants have challenged the
money laundering statutes as an impermissible act of Congress. In one
representative case, United States v. Owens,  n136 the defendant claimed that
without a substantial effect on interstate commerce, Congress cannot regulate an
area of criminal enterprise because it falls outside of its powers under the
Commerce Clause.  n137 The Sixth Circuit denied the defendant's challenge,
holding that the use of federally insured banks and/or the transportation of
money across state lines creates a sufficient nexus with interstate commerce.
n138

   V. PENALTIES

   The Act's offenses carry both criminal penalties and civil sanctions. The
criminal penalties consist of imprisonment, fines, and forfeiture, which vary
with the type of offense,  n139 while civil sanctions are limited to severe
monetary penalties and forfeiture.  n140 However, use of a severe forfeiture
penalty may be  [*867]  made more difficult by United States v. Bajakajian,
n141 which struck down a $ 357,144 forfeiture judgment as a violation of the
Excessive Fines Clause of the Eighth Amendment.  n142 Thus far, courts have not
struck down money laundering forfeiture judgments based on Bajakajian, even
where the forfeiture amount has exceeded $ 4 million.  n143

   Courts and the United States Sentencing Commission ("Commission" or
"U.S.S.C.") have recognized that charging a defendant with money laundering will
often result in sentences that are greater than those of most other white collar
crimes, yet far less than those for drug-related crimes.  n144 Congress and the
Department of Justice have rejected efforts by the U.S.S.C., however, to amend
the sentencing levels for money laundering.  n145

A. Sections 1956 and 1957

   The maximum criminal penalties for a § 1956 violation are imprisonment for
twenty years, a fine of $ 500,000 or twice the value of the monetary instruments
or funds laundered (whichever is greater), or both.  n146 A violation of § 1957
triggers a  [*868]  ten-year imprisonment, a fine, or both, and can give rise to
a civil action under § 1956(b).  n147

   Defendants convicted under § 1956 are sentenced in accordance with section
2S1.1 of the Federal Sentencing Guidelines ("Guidelines" or "U.S.S.C.").  n148
The base offense level is based on the offense level for the underlying offense
from which the laundered funds were derived, or eight plus the number of offense
levels from the table in section 2B1.1.  n149 If the defendant knew or believed
that the funds were the proceeds of "(i) an offense involving the manufacture,
importation, or distribution of a controlled substance or a listed chemical;
(ii) a crime of violence; or (iii) an offense involving firearms, explosives,
national security, terrorism, or the sexual exploitation of a minor," the
offense level is increased by six.  n150 Additionally, if the defendant is
convicted under § 1956, the offense level is increased two levels. If the
defendant is convicted under § 1957, the offense level is increased by one
level.  n151

   Circumstances exist where a defendant's offense level may be reduced for
sentencing.  n152 The Guidelines allow a two-level reduction when a defendant
accepts responsibility,  n153 and some courts also permit a reduction for the
manner in which government agents set up a defendant.  n154 Courts have wrestled
with  [*869]  whether a judge may make a downward departure from the Guidelines
on grounds that the offense is not within the "heartland" of the money
laundering statutes.  n155

   VI. RECENT DEVELOPMENTS

   Following the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001 the debate surrounding
money laundering gained new importance. The Bush administration identified
attacking terrorist financing as a key component of retaliation, and Secretary
of State Colin Powell suggested that the financial aspect could prove as
important as air strikes or ground troops in defeating terrorism.  n156

   Less than two months later, Congress responded by passing the Uniting and
Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and
Obstruct Terrorism (USA PATRIOT Act) Act of 2001.  n157 Title III of the USA
PATRIOT Act, titled International Money Laundering Abatement and Anti-Terrorist
Financing Act of 2001 ("IMLAFA"), significantly expands the responsibilities of
U.S. financial institutions with regard to combating money laundering. IMLAFA
operates in substantial part through modifications to the current money
laundering statutes (18 U.S.C. §§ 1956, 1957),  n158 amendments to the Bank
Secrecy Act,  n159 and enhanced due diligence requirements applicable to
financial  [*870]  institutions prescribed by the Secretary of the Treasury.
n160 IMLAFA also recognizes and addresses the need for international cooperation
in the fight to curtail money laundering by authorizing the Secretary to enter
into negotiations with other countries.  n161

   In addition to domestic legislation, the Bush administration has sought the
cooperation of other governments in combating international money laundering
connected with terrorism. Nearly fifty countries responded with varying levels
of positive support.  n162 The Group of Seven nations, in addition to promising
to coordinate financial record and intelligence sharing, scheduled a special
meeting of the Financial Action Task Force, an international body aimed at
combating money laundering, to discuss a further response.  n163 The G-7 finance
ministers also agreed to ratify the International Convention for the Suppression
of the Financing of Terrorism, which was unanimously approved by the United
Nations General Assembly in 1999, but has only been signed by 35 nations and is
not in effect.  n164

   While it is too soon to accurately predict the effect of the new measures, it
is  [*871]  clear that, at least for the near future, there will be a
drastically increased focus on money laundering relating to terrorism as opposed
to the previous focus on drug-related activity.  n165 It is also apparent that
money laundering must receive increased attention at the international level for
combative measures to be successful.

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Banking LawCriminal OffensesMoney LaunderingCopyright LawCriminal
OffensesCriminal InfringementGeneral OverviewCriminal Law & ProcedureCriminal
OffensesMiscellaneous OffensesMoney LaunderingGeneral Overview

FOOTNOTES:




n1  See PRESIDENT'S COMMISSION ON ORGANIZED CRIME, INTERIM REPORT TO THE
PRESIDENT AND ATTORNEY GENERAL, THE CASH CONNECTION: ORGANIZED CRIME, FINANCIAL
INSTITUTIONS, AND MONEY LAUNDERING 7 (1984) [hereinafter INTERIM REPORT]. Former
President Reagan issued Executive Order 12,435 on July 28, 1983, which
established the Commission and empowered it to analyze the nature and extent of
organized crime, discover the sources of its income and the ways in which the
income is spent, evaluate the effectiveness of current laws and procedures, and
to recommend administrative and legislative improvements. See Exec. Order No.
12,435, 3 C.F.R. § 202 (1983).




n2  See Louis V. Csoka, Combating Money Laundering: A Primer for Financial
Service Professionals, 20 ANN. REV. BANKING L. 311, 313 (2001) (stating that
"today, [money laundering] is the world's third largest industry by value"); see
also Diane Marie Amann, Spotting Money Launderers: A Better Way to Fight
Organized Crime?, 27 SYRACUSE J. INT'L L. & COM. 199, 207 (Summer 2000)
(estimating between $ 590 billion and $ 1.5 trillion is laundered throughout the
world each year).




n3  See James D. Harmon, Jr., United States Money Laundering Laws: International
Implications, 9 N.Y.L. SCH. J. INT'L & COMP. L. 1, 2 (1988) (illustrating the
value of money laundering to criminal syndicates); see also Michael D. Hoffer, A
Fistful of Dollars: "Operation Casablanca" and the Impact of Extraterritorial
Enforcement of United States Money Laundering Law, 28 GA. J. INT'L & COMP. L.
293, 294 (2000) (noting criminal enterprises could only operate at a "small
fraction of current levels" without an effective money laundering operation).




n4  See Csoka, supra note 2, at 311-15 (discussing various banking and
non-banking typologies for money laundering).




n5  See Teresa A. Adams, Tacking on Money Laundering Charges to White Collar
Crimes: What Did Congress Intend, and What Are the Courts Doing?, 17 GA. ST. U.
L. REV. 531, 535-538 (Winter 2000).




n6  18 U.S.C. §§ 1956, 1957 (2000), amended by Antiterrorism and Effective Death
Penalty Act of 1996, Pub. L. No. 104-132, § 726, 110 Stat. 1214, 1301-02.




n7  18 U.S.C. §§ 1956, 1957 (2000).




n8  Reporting requirements generally fail because they impose obligations not on
suspected money launderers, but on otherwise legitimate financial institutions.
To avoid triggering reporting requirements, suspects could easily structure
their transactions to fall below reporting thresholds. See Mark R. Irvine &
Daniel R. King, Comment, The Money Laundering Control Act of 1986: Tainted Money
and the Criminal Defense Lawyer, 19 PAC. L.J. 171, 176-77 (1987).

   However, the USA PATRIOT Act recently placed greater responsibility on
financial institutions to help combat terrorism. Increased reporting and
monitoring requirements have been instituted through Title III of the USA
PATRIOT Act, the International Money Laundering Abatement and Anti-Terrorism
Financing Act of 2001 ("IMLAFA"). See H. Rodgin Cohen & Elizabeth T. Davy,
Memorandum: RE: International Money Laundering Abatement and Anti-Terrorism
Financing Act of 2001, 13 PLI/Corp 11, 22 (2002).




n9  See Letter from Irving R. Kaufman, Chairman, President's Commission on
Organized Crime, to President Reagan (Oct. 1984), reprinted in INTERIM REPORT,
supra note 1, at iii.




n10  See Irvine & King, supra note 8, at 172 (emphasizing importance of
laundering to criminal enterprises).




n11  See generally G. Richard Strafer, Money Laundering: The Crime of the '90's,
27 AM. CRIM. L. REV. 149 (1989) (discussing background of Money Laundering
Control Act).

   IMALFA amended 18 U.S.C. § 1956 by expanding the list of predicate offenses.
USA PATRIOT Act, Pub. L. No. 107-56, § 315, 115 Stat. 272, 308-09 (2001); see
also Andres Rueda, International Money Laundering Law Enforcement & The USA
PATRIOT Act of 2001, 10 MSU-DCL J. INT'L L. 141, 150 (2001) (indicating that the
addition of "corrupt practices" to the list of predicate offenses covered by 18
USC §§ 1956, 1957, pursuant to The USA PATRIOT Act, effectively closed the
loophole which allowed foreign officials "to launder corrupt money in U.S. banks
without fear of confiscation").




n12  See 18 U.S.C. § 1961 (2000). For a broad discussion of RICO, see the
RACKETEER INFLUENCED AND CORRUPT ORGANIZATIONS article in this issue.




n13  See Harmon, supra note 3, at 10-12 (noting breadth of activities targeted
by the Act). The breadth of the Act is evident from the comprehensive definition
given for the term "specified unlawful activity" under 18 U.S.C. § 1956(c)(7)
(2000), which includes 18 U.S.C. § 1201 (2000) (kidnapping), 18 U.S.C. § 1203
(2000) (hostage taking), 18 U.S.C. § 1708 (2000) (theft from the mail), and 19
U.S.C. § 1590 (2000) (aviation smuggling). See 18 U.S.C. § 1956(c)(7) (2000);
see also Rebecca Guinn & Bruce Malloy, A.B.A. CENTER FOR CONTINUING LEGAL ED.,
OUTLINE OF UNITED STATES MONEY LAUNDERING AND RELATED CRIMINAL STATUTES (1997)
(discussing broad scope of §§ 1956, 1957).




n14  According to § 1957 of the Act, a "monetary transaction" is a "deposit,
withdrawal, transfer, or exchange, in or affecting interstate or foreign
commerce, of funds or a monetary instrument . . . by, through, or to a financial
institution . . . but such term does not include any transaction necessary to
preserve a person's right to representation as guaranteed by the Sixth Amendment
to the Constitution." 18 U.S.C. § 1957(f)(1) (2000). In addition, this section
defines "criminally derived property" as "any property constituting, or derived
from, proceeds obtained from a criminal offense." 18 U.S.C. § 1957(f)(2) (2000).

   The USA PATRIOT Act adds new civil penalties through § 1956(b) for violations
of § 1957, thus a financial institution engaging in a transaction involving an
amount in excess of $ 10,000 in criminally derived proceeds could be subject to
civil penalties of $ 10,000 or the amount involved in the transaction. See USA
PATRIOT Act, Pub. L. No. 107-56, § 317, 115 Stat. 272, 310 (2001).




n15  The first money laundering bills proposed in the Senate were focused solely
on money laundering conducted through financial institutions. See SENATE COMM.
ON THE JUDICIARY, THE MONEY LAUNDERING CRIMES ACT OF 1986, S. REP. NO. 99-433,
at 1-3 (1986) [hereinafter SENATE REPORT]; cf. Harmon, supra note 3, at 13 n.45
(arguing Congressional rejection of preliminary bill designed to involve only
financial institutions indicates that Act is to be construed broadly).




n16  See 18 U.S.C. § 1956(c)(3)-(4) (2000) (defining terms "transaction" and
"financial transaction"); Harmon, supra note 3, at 13 (discussing inclusive
definition accorded to terms "transaction" and "financial transaction"); see
also United States v. Prince, 214 F.3d 740, 751 (6th Cir. 2000) (holding
delivery of wire fraud proceeds constituted financial transaction); United
States v. Westbrook, 119 F.3d 1176, 1191-92 (5th Cir. 1997) (deciding transfer
of vehicle's title constituted financial transaction); United States v. Otis,
127 F.3d 829, 833 (9th Cir. 1997) (finding delivery of cash from drug dealer to
money launderer constituted financial transaction); United States v. Herron, 97
F.3d 234, 237 (8th Cir. 1996) (noting courier transfer via wire service
constituted financial transaction); United States v. Kinzler, 55 F.3d 70, 73 (2d
Cir. 1995) (concluding third-party processing of credit card charges constituted
financial transaction).




n17  See FED. R. CRIM. P. 41(b)(1) (authorizing issuance of warrant for search
and seizure of evidence of criminal offense).




n18  18 U.S.C. § 1957(f) (2000); see also Harmon, supra note 3, at 12 (noting
such transactions constitute illegal conduct in and of themselves, regardless of
statute of limitations on original conduct).




n19  31 U.S.C. § 5316(a)(1)(A) (2000); see also Robert J. Cleary, Money
Laundering: Hearing Before the House Subcommittee on Financial Institutions and
Consumer Credit, 2000 WL 19304272 (May 15, 2000) (discussing how currency
reporting laws have made it difficult for criminals to place illegal proceeds
into the banking system).




n20  31 C.F.R. § 103 (2001).




n21  See USA PATRIOT Act, Pub. L. No. 107-56, § 302, 115 Stat. 272, 296-97
(2001); see also Rueda, supra note 11, at 149.




n22  See § 302(b)(1), 115 Stat. at 297; see also Michael T. McCarthy, Recent
Development USA PATRIOT Act, 39 HARV. J. ON LEGIS. 435, 446-47 (2002)
(discussing goals of IMLAFA).




n23  See 31 U.S.C. § 5312(a)(2) (2000) (defining "financial institution");
Rueda, supra note 11, at 150-51 (indicating multitude of financial institutions
covered by the USA PATRIOT Act and requirements it establishes regarding money
laundering deterrence and detection programs).




n24  See USA PATRIOT Act, Pub. L. No. 107-56, § 315, 115 Stat. 272, 308-09
(2001).




n25  See Rueda, supra note 11, at 151-52 (discussing provisions that allow U.S.
authorities to take measures to prevent money laundering world-wide).

   IMALFA also indicates federal long-arm jurisdiction applicable to the
imposition of civil penalties under § 1956(b) for conducting or attempting to
conduct a money laundering transaction. See USA PATRIOT Act, Pub. L. No. 107-56,
§ 317, 115 Stat. 272, 310 (2001).




n26  See 18 U.S.C. §§ 1956, 1957 (2000). The USA PATRIOT Act amends § 1956 to
add a civil cause of action for violations of § 1957. § 317, 115 Stat. at 310.




n27  18 U.S.C. § 1956(a)(1) (2000).




n28  18 U.S.C. § 1956(a)(2) (2000); see also United States v. Zvi, 168 F.3d 49,
57 (2d Cir. 1999) (refusing to charge defendant with money laundering under both
§ 1956(a)(1) and § 1956(a)(2) if same transaction led to domestic and
international offense).




n29  18 U.S.C. § 1956(a)(3) (2000).




n30  See Barry J. Finkelstein, Money Laundering from the Federal Perspective,
reprinted in 2 GEORGETOWN UNIVERSITY LAW CENTER, FEDERAL ENFORCEMENT 1992:
DEFENSE STRATEGIES FOR WINNING WHITE COLLAR TRIALS 831 (1992) (describing
elements of offenses).




n31  18 U.S.C. § 1956(a)(1)(A)(i) (2000). For a discussion of specified unlawful
activities, see infra notes 81-88 and accompanying text. Compare United States
v. Febus, 218 F.3d 784, 790 (7th Cir. 2000) (finding defendant violated this
section by reinvesting proceeds of illegal lottery to ensure its continued
operation), and United States v. Ross, 210 F.3d 916, 921 (8th Cir. 2000)
(finding defendant violated this section by using wire fraud proceeds to promote
continued wire fraud), with United States v. Olaniyi-Oke, 199 F.3d 767, 770 (5th
Cir. 1999) (finding defendant did not violate this section because computer he
purchased with illegal funds was not used to promote additional crimes), and
United States v. Brown, 186 F.3d 661, 668 (5th Cir. 1999) (finding defendant did
not violate this section because illegal funds were used to support legitimate
business enterprise).

   Note the expansion of the list of "specified unlawful activities" pursuant to
the USA PATRIOT Act. USA PATRIOT Act, Pub. L. No. 107-56, § 315, 115 Stat. 272,
308-09 (2001).




n32  Internal Revenue Code §§ 7201, 7206. For a detailed discussion of §§ 7201
and 7206, see the TAX VIOLATIONS article in this issue.




n33  18 U.S.C. § 1956(a)(1)(A)(ii) (2000). The money laundering statute does not
cover tax evasion itself, but addresses it as conducting a financial transaction
with the intent to avoid paying taxes. See, e.g., United States v. Zanghi, 189
F.3d 71, 81 (1st Cir. 1999) (finding defendant violated this section by
withdrawing company funds under the rubric "loan repayment" to avoid taxation).




n34  18 U.S.C. § 1956(a)(1)(B)(i) (2000); see also United States v. Thayer, 204
F.3d 1352, 1354-55 (11th Cir. 2000) (finding defendant tried to conceal source
of illegally derived funds by funneling them through various fictitious business
accounts). But see Olaniyi-Oke, 199 F.3d at 770 (finding fraudulent use of
another's name and credit card to make purchase is not enough to satisfy
concealment prong of § 1956(a)(1)).




n35  18 U.S.C. § 1956(a)(1)(B)(ii) (2000).




n36  18 U.S.C. § 1956(a)(2) (2000). The term "transport" is not defined in the
statute. See United States v. Monroe, 943 F.2d 1007, 1015-16 (9th Cir. 1991)
(holding electronic transfers of funds, specifically including international
wire transfers, constitutes transportation of funds for purposes of subsection
(a)(2)). But see Strafer, supra note 11, at 163-64 n.86 (arguing Congress meant
term to apply only to physical transportation of funds). For a discussion of the
use of § 1956(a)(2) in fighting international money laundering, see generally
Ian M. Comisky & Michael D. Shepard, Targeting International Money Laundering:
The Uncertain Reach of Current Domestic Law, LEGAL INTELLIGENCER, June 13, 2000.




n37  18 U.S.C. § 1956(a)(2)(A) (2000).




n38  18 U.S.C. § 1956(a)(2)(B)(i) (2000).




n39  18 U.S.C. § 1956(a)(2)(B)(ii) (2000).




n40  For the purpose of this section, "represents" means "any representation
made by a law enforcement officer or by another person at the direction of, or
with the approval of, a Federal official authorized to investigate or prosecute
violations of this section." 18 U.S.C. § 1956(a)(3) (2000).




n41  18 U.S.C. § 1956(a)(3)(A) (2000); see also United States v. Calderon, 169
F.3d 718 (11th Cir. 1999) (where evidence showed only that defendant entered
into transaction with undercover agent knowing that transaction was meant to
conceal nature or source of proceeds, money laundering conviction was not
obtained); United States v. Adams, 74 F.3d 1093, 1100 (11th Cir. 1996)
(upholding jury instructions stating government need only prove a portion of the
property involved in illegal transaction constitutes proceeds of specified
unlawful activity).




n42  18 U.S.C. § 1956(a)(3)(B) (2000).




n43  18 U.S.C. § 1956(a)(3)(C) (2000).




n44  See United States v. Bierd, 217 F.3d 15, 23 (1st Cir. 2000) (finding
undercover officer's statement to defendant that money came from drug sales
proved defendant knew he was transacting in criminally derived property); United
States v. Knecht, 55 F.3d 54, 57 (2d Cir. 1995) (noting 1988 amendment intended
to allow convictions based on sting operations using "clean" money if defendant
believed money came from illegal source).




n45  18 U.S.C. § 1957(a) (2000); see also United States v. Diaz, 190 F.3d 1247,
1255 (11th Cir. 1999) (finding that wire transfer of $ 12,000 in drug proceeds
to purchase truck supported money laundering conviction); United States v.
Rutgard, 116 F.3d 1270, 1290-91 (9th Cir. 1997) (finding at least $ 10,000 of
each transfer charged must be derived from illegal activity); United States v.
Allen, 129 F.3d 1159, 1162 (10th Cir. 1997) (same); Adams, 74 F.3d at 1100-01
(same); United States v. Smith, 44 F.3d 1259, 1270 (4th Cir. 1995) (finding
defendant's conviction of money laundering under § 1957 adequately supported by
evidence defendant knew funds he transferred were obtained through wire fraud);
cf. Prince, 214 F.3d at 749-50 (holding constructive control of criminally
derived property, as opposed to actual control, sufficient to prove a violation
of § 1957).




n46  18 U.S.C. § 1957(a) (2000).




n47  See Rutgard, 116 F.3d at 1291 (discussing breadth of § 1957 to reach almost
any bank transaction conducted by a defendant); Allen, 129 F.3d at 1165 (same);
United States v. Wynn, 61 F.3d 921, 927 (D.C. Cir. 1995) ("Section 1957
prohibits a wider range of activity than money 'laundering' as traditionally
understood."); see also Elizabeth Johnson & Larry Thompson, Money Laundering:
Business Beware, 44 ALA. L. REV. 703, 719 (1993) (discussing dangers of broad
interpretation of money laundering statutes and their negative effect on
everyday corporate business); Strafer, supra note 11, at 161 (observing § 1957
is potentially much broader than § 1956).




n48  In the words of Representative Lungren: "It is time for us to tell the
local trafficker and everyone else, 'if you know that person is a trafficker and
has this income derived from the offense, you better beware of dealing with that
person.'" H.R. REP. NO. 99-855, pt. 1, at 14 (1986) (citation omitted).




n49  18 U.S.C. § 1957(a) (2000); see also Frank C. Razzano, American Money
Laundering Statutes: The Case for a Worldwide System of Banking Compliance
Programs, 3 J. INT'L L. & PRAC. 277, 288 (1994) (observing under § 1957
defendant need only know funds were derived from some felony, and not
necessarily the particular felony from which funds were derived).




n50  18 U.S.C. §§ 1956, 1957 (2000); see also United States v. Brown, 186 F.3d
661, 667-68 (5th Cir. 1999) (listing elements of money laundering offense);
United States v. Sayakhom, 186 F.3d 928, 942-43 (9th Cir. 1999) (listing
elements of money laundering offense involving mail fraud); Calderon, 169 F.3d
at 721 (listing elements of money laundering offense).




n51  18 U.S.C. § 1957(a) (2000).




n52  18 U.S.C. § 1956(c)(1) (2000).




n53  See infra notes 62-65 and accompanying text (discussing willful blindness).




n54  18 U.S.C. § 1956(a)(1) (2000); see also United States v. Ward, 197 F.3d
1076, 1081 (11th Cir. 1999) (finding sufficient evidence upon which a jury could
conclude defendant knew property in question was proceeds of some form of
unlawful activity). Section 1956(a)(2)(B) has a similar requirement, prohibiting
an action where the defendant knows "that the monetary instrument or funds
involved in the transportation, transmission, or transfer represent the proceeds
of some form of unlawful activity." 18 U.S.C. § 1956(a)(2)(B) (2000).




n55  18 U.S.C. § 1956(c)(1) (2000).




n56  Section 1956(c)(1) provides:


     the term 'knowing that the property involved in a financial
     transaction represents the proceeds of some form of unlawful activity'
     means that the person knew the property involved in the transaction
     represented proceeds from some form, though not necessarily which
     form, of activity that constitutes a felony under State, Federal, or
     foreign law, regardless of whether or not such activity is [specified
     unlawful activity].


18 U.S.C. § 1956(c)(1).




n57  See United States v. Hill, 167 F.3d 1055, 1066 (6th Cir. 1999).




n58  18 U.S.C. § 1957(a) (2000).




n59  18 U.S.C. § 1957(c) (2000).




n60  See United States v. Hemmingson, 157 F.3d 347, 355 (5th Cir. 1998) (holding
defendant need not be designer of money laundering scheme, but must know
transaction was conducted to conceal illegal funds).




n61  See Prince, 214 F.3d at 760 (upholding jury instruction that permitted use
of circumstantial evidence in deciding whether defendant knew property was the
proceeds of illegal activity); United States v. Smith, 223 F.3d 554, 577 (7th
Cir. 2000) (holding circumstantial evidence presented to jury was sufficient to
support money laundering conviction).




n62  See United States v. Heaps, 39 F.3d 479, 484 (4th Cir. 1994) (interpreting
knowledge requirement to be more than "should have known"); see also SENATE
REPORT, supra note 15, at 6-8 (affirming more than "reason to know" or "reckless
disregard" is necessary under Act).




n63  See United States v. Smith, 46 F.3d 1223, 1238 (1st Cir. 1999) (willful
blindness jury instruction supported by evidence that defendant said "I don't
want to know about this" and left room in which co-conspirators were discussing
money laundering scheme); United States v. Stewart, 185 F.3d 112, 126 (3d Cir.
1999) (holding jury instructions may include both actual knowledge charge and
willful blindness charge if supported by sufficient evidence of subjective
awareness).




n64  See SENATE REPORT, supra note 15, at 9-10 (equating knowledge with willful
blindness or "conscious avoidance of knowledge"); see also United States v.
Coviello, 225 F.3d 54, 70 (1st Cir. 2000) (relying on a number of "flags of
suspicion" in finding defendants willfully blinded themselves to fact that
property in question was stolen); United States v. Finkelstein, 229 F.3d 90, 97
(2d Cir. 2000) (relying on defendant's statement that he suspected narcotics to
be the source of the proceeds as proof that he willfully blinded himself to
proceeds' illegal source); Harmon, supra note 3, at 14 (presuming Congress
intended to adopt reckless disregard standard).




n65  See United States v. Monaco, 199 F.3d 1324, 1999 WL 980946, at *5 (2d Cir.
Oct. 21, 1999) (holding reasonable juror could find willful blindness because
defendant never inquired whether proceeds given to him by known felon had
illegal source), cert. denied, 120 S. Ct. 1441 (2000); United States v. Lynn,
178 F.3d 1297, 1999 WL 97244, at *4 (6th Cir. Feb. 19, 1999) (holding a
reasonable juror could conclude willful blindness because defendant never tried
to find out whether use of gaming machines was a felony, despite the fact that
his machines had twice been raided by government); United States v. Cunan, 152
F.3d 19, 40 (3d Cir. 1998) (holding reasonable jury could infer defendant knew
business associate sold drugs); United States v. Hildebrand, 152 F.3d 756, 765
(8th Cir. 1998) (allowing reasonable jury to infer defendants were deliberately
ignorant of criminal activities where it was shown defendants ignored
restraining order and accusations of fraud); United States v. Bornfield, 145
F.3d 1123, 1130 (10th Cir. 1998) (holding reasonable jury could find willful
blindness); United States v. Cooper, 132 F.3d 1400, 1405 (11th Cir. 1998)
(same); United States v. Rodriguez, 53 F.3d 1439, 1447 (7th Cir. 1995) (same);
United States v. Fierro, 38 F.3d 761, 772 (5th Cir. 1994) (same); Campbell, 977
F.2d at 859 (same).

   Allowing willful blindness to satisfy the knowledge requirement has been
criticized as effectively shifting the burden of proof to the defendant:


     unlike the few traditional cases justifying a willful blindness
     instruction, in a § 1956 prosecution the government need not prove
     precisely what knowledge the defendant is consciously avoiding. The
     government merely must show that a defendant has had business dealings
     with someone the government can show is 'a criminal.' The
     circumstances of these dealings, at some imprecise point, effectively
     shift the burden to the defendant to show that he was acting
     reasonably and without knowledge.


Strafer, supra note 11, at 169.




n66  18 U.S.C. § 1956(a)(1) (2000).




n67  See Prince, 214 F.3d at 748 ("'Criminally derived property' under section
1957 is equivalent to 'proceeds' under section 1956.") (quoting United States v.
Savage, 67 F.3d 1435, 1442 (9th Cir. 1995))).




n68  See Strafer, supra note 11, at 185 (noting absence of precise statutory
definition of "proceeds"). It has been held that the omission of such a
definition does not render § 1956 void for vagueness. See Monaco, 194 F.3d at
385-86; United States v. McLamb, 985 F.2d 1284, 1291 (4th Cir. 1993) (holding
statute not void for vagueness since ordinary person would be able to recognize
conduct in question is criminal, and no obvious danger of arbitrary
enforcement).




n69  See United States v. One 1997 Mercedes E420, 175 F.3d 1129, 1132 (9th Cir.
1999) (finding cars purchased with criminally derived money constituted
"proceeds"); Diaz, 190 F.3d at 1257 (finding house purchased with drug money
constituted "proceeds"); United States v. Ladum, 141 F.3d 1328, 1340 (9th Cir.
1998) (holding rent payments made from stores' profits were "proceeds"); United
States v. Estacio, 64 F.3d 477, 480 (9th Cir. 1995) ("A fraudulently obtained
line of credit, which results in an artificially inflated bank balance, is
within the scope of the term 'proceeds' as used in § 1956.").




n70  See United States v. Butler, 211 F.3d 826, 827-28 (4th Cir. 2000) (finding
funds became criminally derived proceeds at moment when first concealed from
bankruptcy trustee); United States v. Pretty, 98 F.3d 1213, 1220 (10th Cir.
1996) (explaining that "follows in time" language in United States v. Edgmon,
952 F.2d 1206, 1214 (10th Cir. 1991), expressed separateness of money laundering
and underlying crime for double jeopardy purposes, not a strict temporal
relationship); United States v. Puig-Infante, 19 F.3d 929, 938-39 (5th Cir.
1994) (holding drug deal is not a transaction involving specified unlawful
activity proceeds because money exchanged for drugs is not proceeds at time
exchange takes place). Compare United States v. Mankarious, 151 F.3d 694, 705-06
(7th Cir. 1998) (stating mailings did not have to occur before laundering
transactions, as mail fraud scheme can create proceeds long before mailing ever
takes place), with United States v. Morelli, 169 F.3d 798, 806-07 (3d Cir. 1999)
(stating first set of fraudulent wire transfers was not money laundering, but
subsequent wire transfers involved proceeds of first set, and therefore,
constituted money laundering).




n71  See United States v. Smith, 223 F.3d 554, 576 (7th Cir. 2000) (holding
laundered funds need not be traced to specific transaction); Mankarious, 151
F.3d at 703 (explaining money laundering conviction "does not require proof of a
specific predicate offense; it merely requires proof that the laundered funds
constituted the proceeds of a predicate offense"). But see United States v.
Knowles, 2 F. Supp. 2d 1135, 1138-39 (E.D. Wis. 1998) (granting motion to
dismiss indictment, as ambiguity of "money laundering" and predicate offense
"drug trafficking" imperil defendant's double jeopardy protection and ability to
prepare defense).




n72  See e.g., United States v. Blackman, 904 F.2d 1250, 1257 (8th Cir. 1990)
(allowing government to rely on circumstantial evidence sufficient to prove
beyond reasonable doubt defendant's involvement in drug trafficking and to
infer, through his lack of any legitimate source of income, that money wired
represented illegal proceeds).




n73  See id. at 1257 ("The government cannot rely exclusively on proof that a
defendant charged with using proceeds from an unlawful activity has no
legitimate source of income.").




n74  See Monaco, 194 F.3d at 387 (finding proof defendant is living far above
his means valuable evidence in money laundering cases); United States v.
Eastman, 149 F.3d 802, 804 (8th Cir. 1998) (holding defendant's lack of
legitimate source of income, combined with other witness testimony, was
sufficient evidence to prove money laundering). But see United States v.
McDougald, 990 F.2d 259, 262 (6th Cir. 1993) (holding government may not assume
any money from drug dealer is drug money, and thus, suspicious nature of
automobile purchase is insufficient to support inference that $ 10,000 cash was
drug money).




n75  See United States v. Baker, 227 F.3d 955, 965-66 (7th Cir. 2000) (holding
government need not segregate income from sexual services and income from
legitimate massages when money derived from both activities are commingled in
one account); Ward, 197 F.3d at 1083 (stating Congress did not intend for
criminals to escape money laundering convictions "simply by commingling funds")
(citation omitted).




n76  See United States v. Peterson, 244 F.3d 385, 392 (5th Cir. 2001) ("When the
business as whole is illegitimate, even individual expenditures not
intrinsically unlawful can support promotion money laundering charge."); Ward,
197 F.3d at 1082-83 (permitting money laundering conviction as long as part of
funds in commingled account represents illegal proceeds); United States v.
Wilkinson, 137 F.3d 214, 222 (4th Cir. 1999) ("It is sufficient if the
government proves that at least part of the money represented such [fraudulent]
proceeds."). It may also be presumed that funds originating from a commingled
account, "at least up to the full amount originally derived from crime, were the
proceeds of the criminal activity." Wilkinson, 137 F.3d at 222.




n77  See Rutgard, 116 F.3d at 1291-93 (stating § 1957 requires tracing or proof
that, following transfer, account balance dropped below amount of criminal
proceeds deposited in commingled account because statute does not expressly
cover funds "involved" in the transaction). But see United States v. Sokolow, 91
F.3d 396, 409 (3d Cir. 1996) (noting "absence of a legal requirement that the
government trace the funds constituting criminal proceeds [in § 1957
prosecution] when they are commingled with funds obtained from legitimate
sources").




n78  A court sentencing a person convicted of money laundering under 18 U.S.C.
§§ 1956 or 1957 "shall order that the person forfeit to the United States any
property, real or personal, involved in such offense, or any property traceable
to such property." 18 U.S.C. § 982(a)(1) (2000).




n79  United States v. Voight, 89 F.3d 1050, 1087 (3d Cir. 1996); see also United
States v. Wyly, 193 F.3d 289, 302 (5th Cir. 1999) (holding entire prison was
forfeitable because it was source of criminal proceeds and "indispensable to the
money laundering conspiracy"). See generally Stefan D. Cassella, Establishing
Probable Cause for Forfeiture in Federal Money Laundering Cases, 39 N.Y.L. SCH.
L. REV. 163 (1994) (discussing government's burden in establishing probable
cause to believe property was "involved in" money laundering).




n80  See United States v. Tencer, 107 F.3d 1120, 1134-35 (5th Cir. 1997)
(examining legislative history of 18 U.S.C. § 981 and concluding that all
commingled funds in account were subject to forfeiture under § 982(a)(1), as
"property involved" includes "any property used to facilitate the laundering
offense"). But see Voight, 89 F.3d at 1088 (holding jewelry items purchased with
funds from commingled account were not "traceable to" money laundering activity
so as to be subject to forfeiture on that basis).




n81  18 U.S.C. § 1956(a)(3) (2000). Currently, the only exception to this is a
sting operation, where the sole requirement is that it was "represented" to the
defendant by a law enforcement officer that the proceeds involved were derived
from a specified unlawful activity.




n82  18 U.S.C. § 1956(c)(7) (2000) (including such crimes as murder, kidnapping,
robbery, extortion, fraud, destruction of property by fire or explosives, and
narcotics distribution under the rubric of "specified unlawful activity"). The
Second Circuit has explained that "so long as the cash is represented to have
come from any of these [listed illegal] activities, a defendant is guilty of the
substantive offense of money laundering." See United States v. Stavroulakis, 952
F.2d 686, 691 (2d Cir. 1992).

   Again, the USA PATRIOT Act extends the list of "specified unlawful
activities." USA PATRIOT Act, Pub. L. No. 107-56, § 315, 115 Stat. 272, 308-09
(2001).




n83  While the proceeds of other activities may form the basis of an indictment
under this statute, the Guidelines, which impose stricter sentences for persons
involved in laundering money obtained from drug-related activities, acknowledge
Congress' original intent. See United States Sentencing Guidelines Manual §
2S1.1 (2002) [hereinafter U.S.S.G. MANUAL].




n84  See 18 U.S.C. § 1956(c)(7) (2000); see also United States v. Ford, 184 F.3d
566, 583-84 (6th Cir. 1999) (affirming money laundering conviction based on
illegal gambling business); United States v. Manarite, 44 F.3d 1407, 1416 (9th
Cir. 1995) (basing money laundering violation on chip-skimming scheme at
casinos); United States v. Montoya, 945 F.2d 1068, 1071 (9th Cir. 1991)
(affirming state legislator conviction for money laundering in connection with
taking bribe); United States v. Edgmon, 952 F.2d 1206, 1208-09 (10th Cir. 1991)
(upholding conviction of defendant for selling cattle used to secure FMHA loans
without authorization). But cf. United States v. Deek, 175 F.3d 1163, 1167 (9th
Cir. 1999) (holding "specified unlawful activity" includes sales of securities,
but not purchases).




n85  See Strafer, supra note 11, at 177 (discussing U.S. DEP'T OF JUSTICE,
HANDBOOK ON THE ANTI-DRUG ABUSE ACT OF 1986, and observing that differences in
Title 18 and Title 21 terminology require care in pleading money laundering
offenses). The DOJ Handbook's discussion of § 1956 "cautions against departures
from the statutory language: 'in the context of prosecutions predicated upon
narcotic[s] trafficking, it is important to remember that the term "specified
unlawful activity" is based upon RICO predicate offenses.'" Id. Thus, it would
seem that the drug must be a "narcotic or dangerous drug" to form the basis of a
§ 1956 or § 1957(a) or (b)(1) violation. Id.




n86  18 U.S.C. § 1956(c)(7) (2000).




n87  See Strafer, supra note 11, at 178 (stating broad, generic categories of
criminal activity are not adequate for government pleadings).




n88  See United States v. Navarro, 145 F.3d 580, 592 (3d Cir. 1998) (holding
government's money laundering indictment did not need to include specific
unanimity instruction). But see United States v. Adkinson, 135 F.3d 1363,
1375-78 (11th Cir. 1998) (finding government's failure to plead adequately
predicated bank fraud charge preempted money laundering charge).




n89  18 U.S.C. § 1956(c)(4) (2000) provides:


     the term "financial transaction" means (A) a transaction which in any
     way or degree affects interstate or foreign commerce (i) involving the
     movement of funds by wire or other means, or (ii) involving one or
     more monetary instruments, or (iii) involving the transfer of title to
     any real property, vehicle, vessel, or aircraft, or (B) a transaction
     involving the use of a financial institution which is engaged in, or
     the activities of which affect, interstate or foreign commerce in any
     way or degree.


18 U.S.C. § 1956(c)(4) (2000).

   Moreover, the term "transaction" is defined to include:


     [a] purchase, sale, loan, pledge, gift, transfer, delivery, or other
     disposition, and with respect to a financial institution includes a
     deposit, withdrawal, transfer between accounts, exchange of currency,
     loan, extension of credit, purchase or sale of any stock, bond,
     certificate of deposit, or other monetary instrument, use of a safe
     deposit box, or any other payment, transfer, or delivery by, through,
     or to a financial institution, by whatever means effected.


18 U.S.C. § 1956(c)(3) (2000).

   Section 1957 similarly requires that a "monetary transaction" occur, but
defines this term to exclude "any transaction necessary to preserve a person's
right to representation as guaranteed by the Sixth Amendment to the
Constitution." 18 U.S.C. § 1957(f)(1) (2000).




n90  See Strafer, supra note 11, at 193 n.233 (citing 18 U.S.C. § 1956(c)(4)
(2000)). Strafer explains: "The similar term monetary transaction utilized in
the companion statute [§ 1957], was initially limited to 'financial
institutions' as defined in the Bank Secrecy Act. However, the 1988 amendments
conformed the definition to section 1956(c)(5) (defining 'monetary
instruments')." Id. at 193 n.233 (citations omitted).




n91  See infra Section III.C.2. of this Article (discussing interstate commerce
requirement).




n92  See infra Section III.D. of this Article (discussing intent element).




n93  See United States v. Burgos, 254 F.3d 8, 12 (1st Cir. 2001) (stating § 1956
covers attempted transactions as well as completed transactions). But cf. United
States v. Nelson, 66 F.3d 1036, 1042 (9th Cir. 1995) (noting substantial step
towards completing activity must be taken).




n94  H.R. REP. NO. 99-855, at 13 (1986) (listing types of activity Committee
would consider financial transactions).




n95  See, e.g., United States v. Carrell, 252 F.3d 1193, 1206 (11th Cir. 2001)
(stating transfer of title to property was financial transaction); United States
v. Meshack, 225 F.3d 556, 572 (5th Cir. 2000) (finding sale of pickup truck that
was later used for drug transactions formed sufficient nexus with interstate
commerce for purposes of § 1956); United States v. McGahee, 257 F.3d 520, 527
(6th Cir. 2000) (noting obtaining a car loan is a financial transaction); United
States v. Taylor, 239 F.3d 994, 999 (9th Cir. 2000) (declaring purchase of money
order and cashier's check both constitute financial transactions); Prince, 214
F.3d at 750 (holding wire transactions are financial transactions under § 1956);
United States v. Baker, 227 F.3d 955, 962 (7th Cir. 2000) (finding proceeds of
prostitution deposited in bank suffice as financial transactions and unlawful
activity); Febus, 218 F.3d at 790 (holding financial transactions inherent in
paying off gambling winnings suffice as financial transactions); United States
v. Jolivet, 224 F.3d 902, 909 (8th Cir. 2000) (holding Congressional intent and
plain meaning of § 1956 require only that illegally obtained money is deposited
in account); United States v. Stephenson, 183 F.3d 110, 120 (2d Cir. 1999)
(affirming money laundering conviction where wife placed husband's drug proceeds
in safety deposit box under her name); United States v. Short, 181 F.3d 620, 626
(5th Cir. 1999) (affirming conviction where wife placed husband's drug proceeds
in safety deposit box under another relative's name); United States v. King, 169
F.3d 1035, 1039 (6th Cir. 1999) (affirming conviction where key financial
transactions were wire transfers); United States v. Cancelliere, 69 F.3d 1116,
1119-20 (11th Cir. 1995) (holding financial transaction includes funds "derived
from a commingled account of which only a part comes from 'specified unlawful
activities'"); United States v. Abuhouran, 2001 WL 880323, at *2 (E.D. Pa. June
7, 2001) (ruling writing a check constitutes initiating financial transaction).




n96  See United States v. Stephenson, 183 F.3d 110, 121 (2d Cir. 1999) (holding
absent proof of intent to conceal, an ordinary purchase made with drug proceeds
does not violate § 1956); see also United States v. Puig-Infante, 19 F.3d 929,
938 (5th Cir. 1994) (finding mere transportation of proceeds by car does not
create a financial transaction). But see United States v. Dimeck, 24 F.3d 1239,
1246 (10th Cir. 1994) (stating movement of drug proceeds may constitute
transaction under § 1956(c)(3) where movement was designed to disguise or
conceal attributes of proceeds). See generally Jimmy Gurule, The Money
Laundering Control Act of 1986: Creating a New Federal Offense or Merely
Affording Federal Prosecutors an Alternative Means of Punishing Specified
Unlawful Activity?, 32 AM. CRIM. L. REV. 823, 835 (1995) (characterizing Fifth
Circuit's distinction between mere transportation of proceeds and disposition of
proceeds actionable as financial transactions under § 1956(c)(3) as "tenuous and
unpersuasive at best").




n97  See United States v. Garcia Abrego, 141 F.3d 142, 160 (5th Cir. 1998)
(defining financial transaction under § 1956 to include giving money "over to
the care or possession of another" where van carrying drug proceeds was turned
over to co-conspiring drivers); see also United States v. Reed, 77 F.3d 139,
142-43 (6th Cir. 1996) (holding transportation combined with delivery of drug
proceeds to courier is financial transaction and such holding is consistent with
United States v. Dimeck, 24 F.3d 1239 (10th Cir. 1994), and United States v.
Puig-Infante, 19 F.3d 929 (5th Cir. 1994)).




n98  See infra Section VI. of this Article (addressing recent developments in
international cooperation). See generally Razzano, supra note 49 (discussing
international effect of money laundering crimes and money laundering statutes,
and proliferation of money laundering statutes in foreign countries).




n99  The legislative history of § 1956 supports the proposition that each
separate transfer constitutes a separate offense. As the Senate Report explains:



     each transaction involving "dirty money" is intended to be a separate
     offense. For example, a drug dealer who takes $ 1 million in cash from
     a drug sale and divides the money into smaller lots and deposits it in
     10 different banks (or in 10 different branches of the same bank) on
     the same day has committed 10 distinct violations of the new statute.
     If he then withdraws some of the money and uses it to purchase a boat
     or condominium, he will have committed two more violations, one for
     the withdrawal and one for the purchase.


SENATE REPORT, supra note 15, at 12-13; see also United States v. Kramer, 73
F.3d 1067, 1072 (11th Cir. 1996) (noting that each transaction or transfer of
money criminalized by money laundering statute constitutes separate offense).




n100  See United States v. Smith, 46 F.3d 1223, 1234 (1st Cir. 1995) ("The four
money laundering counts were not multiplicitous of each other merely because
they flow from a single transaction that took place in a single day."). One
court explained that "it is the individual acts of money laundering which are
prohibited under § 1956(a)(1)(B)(i), and not the course of action which those
individual acts may constitute." United States v. Blackwell, 954 F. Supp. 944,
957 (D.N.J. 1997) (rejecting defendant's argument that separate charges for each
payment in an ongoing transaction were multiplicitous (quoting United States v.
Martin, 933 F.2d 609, 611 (8th Cir. 1991))).




n101  18 U.S.C. § 1956(c)(4) (2000) (defining the term "financial transaction"
for the purposes of the statute).




n102  See United States v. Allen, 129 F.3d 1159, 1163 (10th Cir. 1997)
(indicating interstate commerce requirement is both a jurisdictional element and
an essential element of crime).




n103  See United States v. Trammell, 133 F.3d 1343, 1353 (10th Cir. 1998)
(stating minimal effect on interstate commerce sufficient to confer federal
jurisdiction); see also United States v. Laurenzana, 113 F.3d 689, 692 (7th Cir.
1997) (holding posting of bail bond met minimal effect requirement when money
was eventually deposited in financial institution that affected interstate
commerce). But cf. United States v. Edwards, 111 F. Supp. 2d 1057, 1063 (E.D.
Wis. 2000) (dismissing indictment because it lacked allegation of effect on
interstate or foreign commerce when defendant participated in unspecified,
in-state, cocaine sale).




n104  E.g., Laurenzana, 113 F.3d at 693 (noting money defendant gave to officers
"did, and in the ordinary course of business would be expected to, enter the
flow of commerce").




n105  E.g., United States v. Wilkinson, 137 F.3d 214, 220 (4th Cir. 1998)
(finding intrastate money transfers had "at least a de minimis effect on
interstate commerce").




n106  E.g., United States v. Kaufmann, 985 F.2d 884, 892 (7th Cir. 1993) (ruling
sale of Porsche would have some effect on interstate or foreign commerce);
United States v. Meshack, 225 F.3d 556 (5th Cir. 2000) (holding defendant's
purchase of Ford pickup and later use of the truck in drug sales affected
interstate commerce), cert. denied Parker v. United States, 531 U.S. 1100
(2001).




n107  E.g., United States v. Lucas, 932 F.2d 1210, 1219 (8th Cir. 1991) (holding
such construction activities were part of interstate commerce).




n108  E.g., United States v. Ladum, 141 F.3d 1328, 1339 (9th Cir. 1998) (finding
all that is required is that transaction "employs a utility" of interstate
commerce, and transaction involving FDIC inherently employs utility of
commerce).




n109  E.g., United States v. Kunzman, 54 F.3d 1522, 1527 (10th Cir. 1995)
(finding checks drawn on and deposited into FDIC insured banks satisfied the
requirement for nexus with interstate commerce).




n110  E.g., United States v. Koller, 956 F.2d 1408, 1411 (7th Cir. 1992)
(deciding using a financial institution for purchasing a money order was
sufficient nexus for interstate commerce, even if only tangentially related to
money laundering).




n111  E.g., United States v. Gallo, 927 F.2d 815, 822-23 (5th Cir. 1991)
(holding money transferred in a drug trade did effect interstate commerce and
thus was sufficient under § 1956). But see United States v. Edwards, 111 F.
Supp. 2d 1057, 1062-63 (E.D. Wis. 2000) (holding in-state cash payment does not
satisfy the requirement for a nexus with interstate commerce).




n112  See United States v. Grey, 56 F.3d 1219, 1224-25 (10th Cir. 1995) (finding
defendant's transfer of $ 200 to club manager to "feed [video poker] pot"
insufficient to establish "effect on commerce" element of money laundering
statute, absent showing particular money used had traveled in interstate
commerce).




n113  18 U.S.C. § 1956(a)(1) (2000).




n114  18 U.S.C. §§ 1956(a)(1)(A)-(B) (2000). Section 1956(a)(1) includes all
four intent alternatives, while §§ 1956(a)(2) and (a)(3) include all but the
intent to violate the Internal Revenue Code.




n115  See United States v. Shoff, 151 F.3d 889, 891 (8th Cir. 1998) (stating
proof of design to conceal or disguise nature, location, source, ownership, or
control of proceeds is necessary element for conviction).




n116  18 U.S.C. § 1957(a) (2000); see also United States v. Allen, 129 F.3d
1159, 1165 (10th Cir. 1997) (indicating § 1957 prohibits a wider range of
activity than § 1956 due to difference in each statute's knowledge requirement).




n117  See, e.g., United States v. Frigerio-Migiano, 254 F.3d 30, 33 (1st Cir.
2001) (requiring both knowledge and intent be proven for § 1956(a)(1)(B)
violation). But see Strafer, supra note 11, at 172-76 (arguing § 1956(a)(1)(B)
does not contain intent requirement at all, but rather incorporates only "second
knowledge requirement," meaning a defendant need only know the financial
transaction is designed to either conceal or disguise the transaction or to
avoid a transaction reporting requirement).




n118  18 U.S.C. §§ 1956(a)(1)(B), (a)(2)(B) (2000); see United States v.
Anderson, 189 F.3d 1201, 1209 (10th Cir. 1999) (holding cash purchase of a
vehicle placed in the name of a family member did not indicate an attempt to
conceal the transaction); see also United States v. Garcia-Emanuel, 14 F.3d
1469, 1475-76 (10th Cir. 1994) (listing various examples of evidence of intent
to disguise or conceal transaction, including statements by defendant probative
of intent to conceal, unusual secrecy surrounding transaction, structuring
transaction in way to avoid attention, depositing illegal profits in bank
account of legitimate business, using third parties to conceal real owner, or
engaging in unusual financial moves cumulating in transaction); Harmon, supra
note 3 at 14-15 (discussing second knowledge requirement).




n119  United States v. Norman, 143 F.3d 375, 377 (8th Cir. 1998) (stating § 1956
"does not require that there be any intention or design to conceal the identity
of the person dealing with the property").




n120  United States v. Jackson, 935 F.2d 832, 842 (7th Cir. 1991) (explaining
that statute only requires proof that either (i) the transaction was intended to
promote a continuing criminal enterprise under § 1956(a)(1)(A)(i), or (ii) was
designed to conceal the source of the funds used in the transactions under §
1956(a)(1)(B)(i)).




n121  See Navarro, 145 F.3d at 589-90 (stating alternative intents were properly
alleged in same count in indictment, as they represent separate means of
committing same offense).




n122  See United States v. Wydermyer, 51 F.3d 319, 327 (2d Cir. 1995) (finding
undercover officers' indications that money came from arms smuggling sufficient
to show that agent represented that funds came from specified unlawful
activity); see also United States v. Nelson, 66 F.3d 1036, 1041 (9th Cir. 1995)
(arguing that to require agents to be specific would make it difficult for
undercover agents to enforce § 1956(a)(3)(c), because real criminals, whom
undercover agents must imitate, would be unlikely to state explicitly the source
of their funds).




n123  See United States v. Perez, 992 F.2d 295, 297 (11th Cir. 1993) (construing
United States v. Parramore, 720 F. Supp. 799, 802 (N.D. Cal. 1989) to mean that
government in sting operation need only prove intent requirement of "believe"
rather than "know"). But cf. United States v. Barton, 32 F.3d 61, 66-67 (4th
Cir. 1994) (criticizing Perez approach for sentencing purposes).




n124  18 U.S.C. §§ 1956(a)(1)-(3) (2000).




n125  E.g., United States v. Sanders, 928 F.2d 940 (10th Cir. 1991) [hereinafter
Sanders I], (holding evidence was insufficient to prove intent where the
defendants were: (i) present at the purchases of cars which constituted the
violative transactions under the statute; (ii) identified by salespeople to be
present; and (iii) conspicuously using the cars.) The court held that this was
"not a typical laundering transaction" and that "the purpose of the money
laundering statute is to reach commercial transactions intended (at least in
part) to disguise the relationship of the item purchased with the person
providing the proceeds and that the proceeds used to make the purchase were
obtained from illegal activities." Id. at 946; accord United States v. Sanders,
929 F.2d 1466, 1472-73 (10th Cir. 1991) [hereinafter Sanders II] (examining same
elements to determine if defendants' behavior was consistent with concealment of
relationship between purchased goods and illegally obtained money).




n126  E.g., United States v. Sutera, 933 F.2d 641 (8th Cir. 1991). In Suetra,
the defendant argued that depositing proceeds of illegal bookkeeping activity
into a restaurant account is not a typical laundering transaction, and therefore
his actions lacked the requisite criminal intent to conceal the funds. Id.
Rejecting this argument, the court held that "while the money might have been
better hidden if it had been mixed with restaurant receipts, the money
laundering statute does not require the jury to find that Sutera did a good job
of laundering the proceeds. The jury simply has to find that Sutera intended to
hide [them]." Id. at 648; see also Kaufmann, 985 F.2d at 894 (indicating that in
the Seventh Circuit, Sanders II is limited to situations involving familial
relationship).




n127  See United States v. Awan, 966 F.2d 1415, 1425 (11th Cir. 1992) (holding
Act does not involve transferred intent). But see Strafer, supra note 11, at 162
("Because the second 'knowledge' requirement of subsection (a)(1)(B) is phrased
in the passive voice, it apparently only requires knowledge of someone else's
intent--the intent of the person who 'designed' the transaction.").




n128  See supra Section III.A. of this Article (discussing knowledge
requirement).




n129  See United States v. Jackson, 983 F.2d 757, 764-65 (7th Cir. 1993)
(rejecting challenge to § 1956 as unconstitutionally vague).




n130  See Awan, 966 F.2d at 1424 (holding § 1956(a)(2)(B) is not
unconstitutionally vague because the knowledge requirement that proceeds stem
from "some form of unlawful activity" is defined in § 1956(c)(1) as proceeds
from the commission of acts constituting any state or federal felony).
Challenges based upon the vagueness of other portions of §§ 1956 and 1957 also
fail. See United States v. Monaco, 194 F.3d at 386 (holding the word "proceeds"
is commonly understood).




n131  952 F.2d 1206 (10th Cir. 1991).




n132  Id. at 1212.




n133  The Tenth Circuit rejected Edgmon's argument, holding that his money
laundering conviction was not double jeopardy because "Congress appears to have
intended the money laundering statute to be a separate crime distinct from the
underlying offense that generated the money to be laundered." Id. at 1213
(stating the offensive conduct of the two offenses is not the "same," despite
some overlap in evidence presented).




n134  See, e.g., United States v. Rude, 88 F.3d 1538, 1546 (9th Cir. 1996)
(rejecting defendant's claim that conviction for money laundering and underlying
offense of wire fraud constituted double jeopardy).




n135  514 U.S. 549 (1995) (striking down a gun-free school zone statute as
falling outside Congress' powers under the commerce clause).




n136  159 F.3d 221 (6th Cir. 1998).




n137  Id. at 226.




n138  Id. Moreover, the Sixth Circuit found that § 1956 falls squarely within
the Lopez criteria because "the mere character of the activities covered under
the statute make them properly the subject of federal regulation." Id. at 226
(noting the statute regulates the instrumentalities of interstate commerce).
Other circuits have also upheld § 1956 as acceptable under the commerce clause
using similar analysis. See United States v. Goodwin, 141 F.3d 394, 397-400 (2d
Cir. 1997) (holding money laundering is a "quintessential economic activity" and
when taken in the aggregate has a substantial effect on interstate commerce);
see also United States v. Griffith, 85 F.3d 284, 287-88 (7th Cir. 1996)
(upholding constitutionality of money laundering statute because money
laundering in its essence involves interstate commerce).




n139  18 U.S.C. § 1956(a) (2000) (describing criminal penalties).




n140  18 U.S.C. § 1956(b) (2000) (describing civil penalties including
forfeiture, which is available under 18 U.S.C. §§ 981 and 982). See generally
Jonathan H. Hecht, Airing the Dirty Laundry: The Application of the United
States Sentencing Guidelines to White Collar Money Laundering Offenses, 49 AM.
U. L. REV. 289 (1999) (discussing debate over money laundering sentencing).




n141  524 U.S. 321 (1998) (holding in a 5-4 decision that the judgment violated
the Eight Amendment) [hereinafter Bajakajian II].




n142  See id. at 327 (holding full forfeiture would be "grossly disproportional
to the gravity of [the] offense" because defendant's violation was not related
to any other illegal activities). The violation was defendant's willful attempt
to leave the United States without reporting his transport of greater than $
10,000 in currency, as required by 31 U.S.C. § 5316(a)(1)(A). See id. at 323-24
(discussing tracing when forfeiture is required). Although Bajakajian was not a
money launderer, the dissent expressed serious concern: "Money launderers will
rejoice to know they face forfeitures of less than 5% of the money transported,
provided they hire accomplished liars to carry their money for them." Id. at 354
(Kennedy, J., dissenting). Bajakajian II's effect on money laundering has proven
to be minimal, however, as the Court identified money launderers as the target
of statutes where the seizure of all proceeds may be justified. See id.
(inferring money launderers, drug traffickers, and tax evaders were target of
statute); see also United States v. Ahmad, 213 F.3d 805, 817 (4th Cir. 2000)
(identifying money laundering as an illegal activity that increases the gravity
of an offense and thus supports the argument that funds were properly seized);
Wyly, 193 F.3d at 303 (finding a seizure constitutional, partly because the
forfeited property was closely related to a money laundering offense).




n143  See Wyly, 193 F.3d at 303 (holding forfeiture of over $ 4 million is not
grossly disproportionate because of the complexity and duration of the money
laundering scheme); see also Ahmad, 213 F.3d at 817 (holding an $ 85,000
forfeiture did not meet the Bajakajian II standard of grossly disproportionate
because it occurred over a long period of time and was related to a customs
fraud scheme); United States v. Trost, 152 F.3d 715, 721 (7th Cir. 1998)
(holding forfeiture of $ 57,000 was appropriate because, although not completely
derived from money laundering, the amount included funds involved in money
laundering).




n144  See U.S. SENTENCING COMMISSION, REPORT TO THE CONGRESS: SENTENCING POLICY
FOR MONEY LAUNDERING OFFENSES, INCLUDING COMMENTS ON DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE
REPORT (1997), available at http://www.ussc.gov/r_congress/LAUNDER.PDF (last
visited Feb. 24, 2003) (describing sentencing disparities and responses by both
Congress and Department of Justice). As the report notes, the base level offense
for money laundering ranges from seventeen to twenty-three, well above bribery
(seven to twelve), insider trading (eight), and blackmail (nine), but
significantly below serious drug trafficking charges (twenty-six to
thirty-eight). Id. at 4, n.5.




n145  Id. at 2.




n146  18 U.S.C. §§ 1956(a)(1)-(3) (2000). In addition, there may be a civil
penalty "of not more than the greater of: (i) the value of the property, funds,
or monetary instruments involved in the transaction; or (ii) $ 10,000." 18
U.S.C. § 1956(b) (2000).




n147  18 U.S.C. § 1957(a),(b)(1)-(2) (2000). Note, however, that the statute
does not specify limitations on the amount of the fine. Civil penalties for a
violation of § 1957 are a result of the USA PATRIOT Act's amendment to § 1956,
which creates a civil cause of action for violations of § 1957.




n148  U.S.S.G. MANUAL app. A (2002).




n149  U.S.S.G. MANUAL § 2S1.1(a) (2002).




n150  U.S.S.G. MANUAL § 2S1.1(b)(1) (2002). To date, one court has also applied
"conscious avoidance" and "deliberate ignorance" rules to satisfy this knowledge
requirement. See United States v. Gamez, 1 F. Supp. 2d 176, 181 (E.D.N.Y. 1998)
(giving three reasons these rules should be applicable to enhancement
determinations: (i) procedures employed for determining knowledge in substantive
offenses already allow such rules, (ii) courts can use almost any source of
information for fact-finding at sentencing, and (iii) it is sensible to impose a
higher penalty where the launderer clearly acted with deliberate ignorance that
funds were the proceeds of illegal activity involving narcotics).




n151  U.S.S.G. MANUAL § 2S1.1(b)(2) (2002). Further, if the defendant was "in
the business of laundering funds," or the offense "involved sophisticated
laundering," the offense level may be increased by four or two, respectively.
See § 2S1.1(b)(2)(B)-(C) (2002).




n152  See generally Hecht, supra note 140.




n153  U.S.S.G. MANUAL § 3E1.1(a) (2002); see also United States v. Skorniak, 59
F.3d 750, 757-58 (8th Cir. 1995) (affirming district court's refusal to grant
reduction where defendant denied responsibility for certain conduct relevant to
his offense and was not forthright regarding role in offense).

   The offense level may be reduced by an additional level if the offense level
prior to the above two level reduction was sixteen or greater and the defendant
assisted the prosecution or investigation in his own misconduct. See U.S.S.G.
MANUAL § 3E1.1(b) (2002).




n154  See United States v. Giles, 768 F. Supp. 101, 104 (S.D.N.Y. 1991) ("[A]
downward departure from the sentence specified by the Guidelines is warranted,
because the unique circumstances presented by this case involve mitigating
factors 'not adequately taken into consideration by the Sentencing Commission in
formulating the guidelines.' Specifically, the factors not considered relate to
the manner in which Giles was set up for this crime by the Government's
agent."), aff'd, 953 F.2d 636 (2d Cir. 1991).




n155  See United States v. Smith, 186 F.3d 290, 300 (3d Cir. 1999) (holding
sentencing in that case should not be based on U.S.S.G. MANUAL § 2S1.1 because
heartland of money laundering guidelines is money laundering connected with drug
trafficking and serious crime); see also United States v. Woods, 159 F.3d 1132,
1136 (8th Cir. 1998) (concluding it was more appropriate to sentence defendant
under bankruptcy fraud guideline than money laundering guideline when
defendant's actions were deemed not as serious as those contemplated by
sentencing commission for punishment under money laundering guidelines). But see
United States v. Ripinsky, 109 F.3d 1436, 1446 (9th Cir. 1998) (holding courts
are not allowed to reduce a sentence unless it closely follows the sentencing
guidelines).




n156  Robert Clow et al., Assault on America Investigation: Team set up to block
terrorist funds, FINANCIAL TIMES, Sept. 17, 2001.




n157  USA PATRIOT Act, Pub. L. No. 107-56, § 315, 115 Stat. 272 (2001).




n158  See § 315, 115 Stat. at 308-09 (expanding list of unlawful activities that
form a predicate offense under § 1956).




n159  IMLAFA expands the purpose of the monetary transactions subchapter of the
Bank Secrecy Act, 31 U.S.C. § 5311, by requiring reports or records in an effort
to prevent and detect instances of international terrorism. See USA PATRIOT Act,
Pub. L. No. 107-56, § 358(a), 115 Stat. 272, 326-28 (2001). First, IMLAFA
expands the types of financial institutions that are required to file Suspicious
Activity Reports (SAR). See USA PATRIOT Act, Pub. L. No. 107-56, § 354, 115
Stat. 272, 323 (2001) (allowing for the Secretary, after consultation with the
SEC and the Federal Reserve Board, to issue regulations requiring brokers and
dealers registered with the SEC to submit SARs). Indeed, investment companies
and even underground banking systems must file. See USA PATRIOT Act, Pub. L. No.
107-56, §§ 354, 359, 115 Stat. 272, 323-328 (2001) ("Any person who engages as a
business in an informal money transfer system or any network of people who
engage as a business in facilitating the transfer of money domestically or
internationally outside of the conventional financial institutions system.").
For more information regarding the increased reporting requirements, see William
J. Sweet, Jr. et al., Summary of the USA PATRIOT Act of 2001 Anti-Money
Laundering Provisions, 1289 PLI/Corp 55, 64-69 (2002).

   Further, IMLAFA requires financial institutions to establish anti-money
laundering programs. These programs, at a minimum, should include: the
development of internal policies, procedures and controls; the designation of
program compliance officer; ongoing employment training; and independent audits
to test the program. See USA PATRIOT Act, Pub. L. No. 107-56 § 352, 115 Stat.
272, 322 (2001) (codified at 31 U.S.C. § 5318(h)). For greater detail regarding
implementation of compliant anti-money laundering programs, see Paul L. Lion III
& Anne Marie Peters, The USA PATRIOT Act and Anti-Money Laundering Laws, 1339
PLI/Corp 129 (2002).

   Western Union Financial Services, Inc. is the first major financial services
company against which the USA PATRIOT Act has been used. Western Union allegedly
failed to report almost 600 required currency transaction reports and failed to
report 63 SARs required for transactions of greater than $ 10,000 in 2002 alone.
See Paul Becket & Carrick Mollenkamp, Leading the News: Western Union Tripped By
Patriot Act, WALL ST. J., Dec. 20, 2002, at A3.




n160  Enhanced due diligence for private banking accounts includes determining
the identity of the owners and source of funds deposited into an account
maintained by, or on behalf of, a non-U.S. person. See USA PATRIOT Act, Pub. L.
No. 107-56 § 312(a)(3)(A), 115 Stat. 272, 305 (2001) (codified at 31 U.S.C. §
5318). Foreign political figures, their immediate family members, and/or close
associates receive enhanced scrutiny with regard to money laundering activity.
See § 312(a)(3)(B), 115 Stat. at 305 (codified at 31 U.S.C. § 5318). Violation
of due diligence requirements with regard to private banking accounts or
correspondent accounts may result in criminal or civil penalties for the
financial institution of not less than twice the dollar amount of the
transaction at issue, up to $ 1 million. USA PATRIOT Act, Pub. L. No. 107-56 §
363, 115 Stat. 272, 332 (2001) (codified at 31 U.S.C. 5321(a)). For more
in-depth coverage of the various due diligence requirements, see Sweet, supra
note 159, at 76-77.




n161  Pub. L. No. 107-56, § 330 (stating President should direct Secretary of
State, Attorney General, and/or Secretary of Treasury to negotiate with
appropriate state officials and financial institutions of foreign nations to
provide for cooperative enforcement efforts and better mechanisms for
information sharing).




n162  Nineteen countries ordered their banks to freeze assets of twenty-seven
groups identified by the United States has having ties to terrorists; twelve
other countries took measures of some kind, and 16 more said they would provide
general support. William Drozdiak and T.R. Reid, Money Laundering Targeted in
Europe, Mideast, THE WASHINGTON POST, Oct. 2, 2001, at A12.




n163  Michael M. Phillips, G-7 Nations Pledge Unity in Combating Funding of
Terror, WALL ST. J., Oct. 8, 2001, at A2 (reporting on meeting of officials from
United States, United Kingdom, Germany, France, Italy, Canada, and Japan).




n164  Id. (noting United States has signed the treaty, but it has not yet come
before the Senate for ratification).




n165  See Becket & Mollenkamp, supra note 159, at A3 (indicating the first
instance the USA PATRIOT Act has been used against a major financial institution
for failing to meet anti-money laundering requirements); see also Jerry Seper,
U.S. Arrests Six In Probe of Money Transfers To Yemen, WASH. TIMES, Dec. 19,
2002, at A03 (discussing recent arrests and charges brought relating to
violation of the USA PATRIOT Act).

                              980 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 11, 2017 Wednesday

Washington: New York Resident Pleads Guilty in South Florida to Money Laundering
Conspiracy Involving Stolen Identity Tax Fraud and Recreational Vehicles Fraud
Schemes

LENGTH: 544  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Department of Justice has issued the following news release:



 A New York resident pled guilty for his participation in a money laundering
conspiracy involving stolen identity tax fraud and a recreational vehicles fraud
scheme.



 Wifredo A. Ferrer, U.S. Attorney for the Southern District of Florida, George
L. Piro, Special Agent in Charge, Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI), Miami
Field Office, and Kelly R. Jackson, Special Agent in Charge, Internal Revenue
Service, Criminal Investigation (IRS-CI), made the announcement.

 Marlen Manukyan, 41, of Brooklyn, New York, pled guilty to one count of
conspiracy to commit money laundering, in violation of Title 18, United States
Code, Section 1956(h). As part of his plea agreement, Manukyan agreed to
restitution in the amount of $124,009.

 According to court documents, from August to November 2013, Manukyan opened
bank accounts using counterfeit driver's licenses that he knew would be used to
conduct financial transactions involving funds derived from unlawful activities.
Specifically, from August 1, 2013 to August 9, 2013, Manukyan opened multiple
bank accounts using the identities of two individuals without their permission
using counterfeit Pennsylvania Driver's Licenses. These accounts received money
from two illicit sources for the next several months.

 First, Manukyan's co-conspirators filed fraudulent tax returns with the IRS
using the stolen identities of various individual taxpayers without the
taxpayers' knowledge or consent. The fraudulent tax refunds (minus fees) were
sent to several of the bank accounts that were set-up by the defendant.
Co-conspirators then withdrew the money through cash withdrawals or debit card
transactions. In total, Manukyan's co-conspirators filed approximately 71
fraudulent tax returns with the IRS.

 Second, Manukyan's co-conspirators engaged in a scheme to defraud individuals
who were seeking to buy used recreational vehicles (RVs) on the internet. To
perpetrate this scheme, the defendant's co-conspirators used fake names and
advertised on internet websites that they had used RVs for sale. Interested
purchasers were told to send their money by wire transfer to a bank account in
the name of a shell company that Manukyan opened using a counterfeit driver's
license. Specifically, a retired couple was defrauded into believing that they
had reached an agreement to purchase a used RV. The individuals sent $39,960 by
wire transfer to complete the purchase, but the couple never received the RV and
the co-conspirators ceased communicating with the victims once they received the
money. The defendant and his co-conspirators caused the bank to send $39,000 by
international wire transfer from the shell company's bank account to a bank
account in the name of another individual in Moscow, Russia.

 Manukyan is scheduled to be sentenced on March 16, 2017, before United States
District Judge Darrin P. Gayles. At sentencing, the defendant faces up to twenty
years in prison.

 Mr. Ferrer commended the investigative efforts of the FBI and IRS-CI. This case
is being prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorney Harold E. Schimkat.




 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              981 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                    April 14, 1994, Thursday, METRO EDITION

Canada called dirty cash haven $12 billion a year laundered here, U.S. report
says

BYLINE: By Shawn McCarthy Toronto Star

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A13

LENGTH: 335 words

DATELINE: OTTAWA


   OTTAWA - Canada has emerged as a major money- laundering centre with up to
$12 billion in drug-related money passing through financial institutions
annually, the U.S. state department says.

In an annual report on such activities worldwide, the U.S. government rates
Canada as a high risk for money laundering, claiming regulations are lax and
there are few prosecutions.

It said the $12 billion (U.S.) in proceeds includes money generated within
Canada and through the sale of drugs abroad.

The report said:

* Colombian drug cartels carry on organized money-laundering schemes in the
country.

* There is evidence ethnic Chinese traffickers in Seattle are using an
underground banking system in Canada to convert heroin proceeds into U.S.
dollars.

* A Middle Eastern organization is known to have laundered drug money through
Canada.

The state department fingered currency exchange houses north of the border,
which are not required to report suspicious transactions and are often used to
convert and transfer drug proceeds.

The U.S. report also complained that, while the Canadian government in 1989 made
it a criminal offence to launder money, "few prosecutions have resulted."

A Canadian money-laundering expert says the U.S. report underscores the fact
that there are serious deficiencies in government attempts to deal with the
problem.

"I don't think the government has thus far devoted sufficient resources to
conduct investigations in this area," says Mario Possamai, a senior investigator
for Linquist, Avey, Macdonald, Baskerville, a Toronto-based forensic accounting
firm.

Currently, any money seized as proceeds of crime flows back into federal
coffers.

The federal government enacted legislation last year that would distribute the
money among the various levels of government, but the necessary regulations were
never passed.

Blaine Harvey, a spokesperson for Solicitor-General Herb Gray, said those
regulations are expected to take effect by this fall.

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1994 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.

                              982 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                 Irish Examiner

                             May 29, 2013 Wednesday

Website boss indicted over 'staggering' money-laundering probe

SECTION: WORLD

LENGTH: 500 words


Arthur Budovsky is the founder of Liberty Reserve, a Costa Rica-based website
long favoured by cybercrime scammers. He was arrested in Spain last Friday. A
defendant identified as Budovsky's partner, Vladimir Kats, was in custody in New
York.

Authorities say the network processed at least 55m illegal transactions
worldwide for 1m users, including 200,000 in the US. They call the money-
laundering case the largest ever.

"The scope of the defendants' unlawful conduct is staggering," said an
indictment unsealed in federal court in Manhattan. Federal prosecutors in
Manhattan were expected to detail the charges later.

In a statement, Costa Rica police confirmed that Budovsky had been arrested in
Spain on money laundering charges and that several premises linked to his
company had been raided. A notice pasted across Liberty Reserve's website last
week said the domain "has been seized by the United States Global Illicit
Financial Team".

The indictment calls the network "one of the principal means by which cyber
criminals around the world distribute, store and launder proceeds of their
illegal activity . . . including credit card fraud, identity theft, investment
fraud, computer hacking, child pornography and narcotics trafficking".

Liberty Reserve allowed users to open accounts using fictitious names, including
"Russian Hacker" and "Hacker Account." The network charged a 1% fee on
transactions.

Budovsky and Katz have previous convictions on charges related to an unlicensed
money-transmitting business, according to court papers. After that case, the
pair decided to move their operation to Costa Rica, where Budovsky officially
renounced his US citizenship, the papers say.

In an online chat captured by law enforcement, Katz admitted Liberty Reserve was
"illegal" and noted that authorities in the US knew it was "a money laundering
operation that hackers use".

Aditya Sood, a computer science doctoral candidate at Michigan State University
who has studied the underground economy, described Liberty Reserve as a
no-questions-asked alternative to the global banking system, with little more
than a valid email needed to open an account and start moving money across
borders.

"You don't need to provide your full details, or personal information, or things
like that," Sood said in a telephone interview. "There's no way to trace an
account. That's the beauty of the system."

Liberty Reserve's ease of use, and rock-bottom processing fees, also attracted a
thriving community of tech-savvy users in countries with limited access to
credit cards, said Mitchell Rossetti, whose Houston, Texas-based ePayCards.com
was one of several mainstream merchants that accepted the online-only currency.
Rossetti said his business had about $28,000 tied up in Liberty Reserve
accounts. Liberty

Liberty Reserve appears to have played an important role in laundering the
proceeds from the recent theft of $45m from two Middle Eastern banks, according
to legal documents made public by US authorities this month.

LOAD-DATE: May 29, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 Landmark Digital Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              983 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The Daily Sentinel, Pomeroy, Ohio

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             June 13, 2015 Saturday

Sentencing set in farm fraud case

BYLINE: The Daily Sentinel, Pomeroy, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 794 words


June 13--OHIO VALLEY -- Sentencing is set for June 22 for Christopher T. Wolfe,
43, of Racine, who is one of five Meigs County men charged in May 2014 with crop
insurance fraud.

All five entered guilty pleas Jan. 16 in federal court in Columbus, according to
the U.S. Attorney's Office-Southern District of Ohio, for "conspiracy to defraud
the United States," in exchange for dismissal of charges that included money
laundering and theft of public money.

Pleading guilty in addition to Wolfe were Terry J. McNickle, 51; Mark D. Wolfe,
41; and Joey L. Jerrell, 43, all of Racine; and Michael L. Johnson, 62, of
Portland.

The defendants were originally charged with conspiracy, punishable by a prison
term of up to five years, and theft of public monies, which is punishable by up
to 10 years in prison. The indictment had also charged conspiracy to commit
money laundering and money laundering, crimes punishable by up to 10 years in
prison.

Not all defendants were charged in each count of money laundering or money
laundering conspiracy. The indictment was seeking forfeiture of the proceeds
traceable to the commission of the crimes totaling $1.56 million

According to court records, Wolfe was accused of recruiting co-conspirators to
enroll in the federal Noninsured Crop Disaster Assistance Program for crops that
were not planted.

Financial assistance is provided to producers of non-insurable crops when low
yields, loss of inventory or prevented planting occur due to a natural disaster
by the Noninsured Crop Disaster Assistance Program. Applicants are limited to
$100,000 per crop year per individual or entity.

The men were alleged to have applied for payments from the program which were
turned over to Wolfe. The accused supposedly kept a portion of the payments for
themselves. The investigation involved federal authorities, including the U.S.
Secret Service, who were involved due to the money laundering charge.

A date of June 12 was set for sentencing for Michael L. Johnson. No details of
his sentence were available at press time.

Sentencing for Terry J. McNickle was May 21. McNickle received three years
probation, a $100 special assessment, restitution in the amount of $464,780.50,
to be paid jointly and severally with co-defendant Christopher T. Wolfe, and
forfeiture of property as set forth in the forfeiture allegation.

Judgement was decided April 28 in the case against Mark D. Wolfe. Wolfe received
2.5 years probation and a $100 special assessment. He was also ordered to pay
restitution in the amount of $100,000, minus the proceeds from the sale of the
John Deere tractor, which is currently in Secret Service custody, to be paid
jointly and severally with co-defendant Christopher T. Wolfe, and forfeiture of
property set forth in the forfeiture allegation.

Joey L. Jarrell was sentenced April 28 to three years probation and a $100
special assessment. His judgment also includes restitution in the amount of
$432,216, to be paid jointly and severally with co-defendant Christopher T.
Wolfe, and forfeiture of property set forth in the forfeiture allegation.

Several attempts have been made by local media to interview Wolfe, a Letart
Township trustee, since his arrest. He was asked by The Daily Sentinel reporter
at a recent township meeting how the sentencing would affect his position as
trustee and if he planned to resign.

Wolfe responded by asking where the information regarding his plea and
sentencing date came from and why it was any of The Daily News' business. He
added that "nothing was settled and dates keep changing."

"When I go (to federal court in Columbus), a lot of people will be going with
me," he said.

In an attempt to clarify Wolfe's statement, the reporter asked if he was he
saying there hadn't been a plea agreement as stated in the court brief. He was
also asked to explain his statement of "a lot of people" in Columbus with him.

Wolfe became agitated and said he had already answered the question and had
nothing more to say. As the reporter was leaving the meeting, Wolfe had more to
say.

"If I'm guilty, then everyone else is, too, because everyone else does the same
thing," Wolfe said.

Wolfe seemed to imply during the open meeting that misconduct regularly occurs
at the agency that provides farm insurance. When The Daily News asked for
further clarification on the latest statement. Wolfe, visibly agitated,
unleashed a barrage of expletives at the The Daily News reporter and told her to
"get out."

During the discourse, township members did not respond to Wolfe's comments. No
further statements have since been made by Wolfe or Letart Township trustees.

___ (c)2015 The Daily Sentinel (Pomeroy, Ohio) Visit The Daily Sentinel
(Pomeroy, Ohio) at www.mydailysentinel.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: June 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150613-UO-Sentencing-set-in-farm-fraud-case-0613-20150613

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UO


                Copyright 2015 The Daily Sentinel, Pomeroy, Ohio

                              984 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                           Edmonton Journal (Alberta)

                       June 2, 2000 Friday Final Edition

Former Ukraine PM extorted, laundered $114M, U.S. alleges

SOURCE: Reuters

SECTION: World; Pg. A13

LENGTH: 257 words

DATELINE: San Francisco

Former Ukraine prime minister Pavlo Lazarenko has been indicted by a federal
grand jury on charges he laundered about $114 million US he extorted while in
office, U.S. officials said Thursday.

Lazarenko, prime minister between May 1996 and July 1997, is being held without
bail in California pending resolution of an extradition request from
Switzerland, where he also faces money laundering charges.

The U.S. indictments include one count of conspiracy to commit money laundering,
seven counts of money laundering, and 23 counts of transportation of stolen
property. The indictments were made by a federal grand jury on May 18 and
unsealed Thursday, the U.S. Attorney's Office said in a statement.

The indictment alleges that Lazarenko demanded and received secret payments from
individuals and entities as condition of doing business in the country.

It further alleges that Lazarenko set up bank accounts in Switzerland and other
countries where he deposited the money and used these accounts to disguise "the
location, source and ownership" of the funds.

"Between 1994 and 1999 Mr. Lazarenko transferred approximately $114 million that
he had corruptly and fraudulently received into bank and brokerage accounts in
the U.S.," the statement said.

Acting on a U.S. request, Swiss officials froze 20 bank accounts believed to
belong to Lazarenko. Lazarenko, who denies the Swiss money-laundering charges,
has been held by U.S. authorities since February 1999 after being detained in
New York for visa irregularities.

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Crime

               Copyright 2000 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              985 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Press Democrat, Santa Rosa, Calif.

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           January 17, 2015 Saturday

Two Santa Rosa attorneys indicted on fraud, money laundering charges

BYLINE: Paul Payne, The Press Democrat, Santa Rosa, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 492 words


Jan. 17--Two Santa Rosa lawyers who ran what was once one of the largest firms
on the North Coast have been indicted on federal charges of defrauding a client
of more than $300,000, federal prosecutors said Friday.

Robert Anderson of Redwood Valley and Scott Steever of Rohnert Park each face 30
years in prison and fines of $500,000 if convicted of the eight criminal counts,
a spokeswoman for the U.S. Attorney's Office said.

They were partners at the firm once known as Lanahan and Reilly when they
accepted the money in 2009 from a Marin County woman, prosecutors said.

It was supposed to be placed in trust but was instead used on expenses that were
not related to the client's legal matters, prosecutors said.

The attorneys later lied to the client that more than $250,000 remained in the
account, prosecutors said.

The indictment alleges they knowingly engaged in a conspiracy to defraud the
victim, made false promises and concealed facts.

Both were indicted Dec. 18 by a federal grand jury on wire fraud and money
laundering charges, as well as conspiracy.

Anderson surrendered Friday and was arraigned in U.S. District Court in San
Francisco. Steever made a first appearance Thursday.

Each was released on $100,000 bond and ordered to appear before Judge Edward
Chen on Feb. 4.

Anderson declined to comment Friday. Steever did not return a call.

Steever and Anderson were major shareholders at Lanahan, Steever & Anderson, the
successor to a firm that once boasted 65 attorneys with regional offices in San
Francisco, San Jose and Sacramento.

It once counted among its attorneys state Sen. Noreen Evans, Sonoma County
Superior Court Judge Gary Nadler and former Congressman Doug Bosco. But the firm
fell on hard times with the economic downturn of 2008 and closed four years
later. It has since been hit with lawsuits claiming it owes millions of dollars
to its creditors.

In 2013, state bar officials began investigating allegations that Steever and
Anderson misappropriated money from two clients in 2009 and 2011.

In one case, Steever and Anderson received a check for $318,000 on behalf of
client Bonnie Margolin from Protective Life Insurance Co. and deposited it in a
trust account, according to legal papers filed by the bar.

Margolin was entitled to at least $209,000 but she never got it, the papers
said.

The later case involved $55,000 received on behalf of client Joanna Ramirez to
pay a civil settlement. Steever and Anderson instead used the money for their
own purposes, in willful violation of bar rules, the legal papers allege.

A state bar judge has since recommended disbarment for both lawyers. The actions
are pending a review and approval of the California Supreme Court.

You can reach Staff Writer Paul Payne at 568-5312 or
paul.payne@pressdemocrat.com On Twitter @ppayne.

___ (c)2015 The Press Democrat (Santa Rosa, Calif.) Visit The Press Democrat
(Santa Rosa, Calif.) at www.pressdemocrat.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150117-UR-Two-Santa-Rosa-attorneys-indicted-on-fraud-money-laundering
-charges-0117-20150117

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UR


                       Copyright 2015 The Press Democrat

                              986 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Manchester Evening News

                             July 25, 2013 Thursday

Gang members admit loan sharking

BYLINE: WFnode

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 376 words


A GANG of loan sharks have pleaded guilty to illegal money lending and money
laundering at Manchester Minshull Street Crown Court.

Ian Parsons, 27 of Lakeside Rise, Blackley, Christopher Weaver, 36, of Maybury
Street, Gorton, and Mark Weaver, 35, were arrested as part of a multi agency
operation.

The trio were investigated and prosecuted by the England Illegal Money Lending
Team, in partnership with Greater Manchester Police and Manchester City Council,
after information came to light about their illegal business. Warrants were
executed in December and May, and documentary evidence was uncovered.

Parsons pleaded guilty to three counts of illegal money lending and two counts
of money laundering. Christopher Weaver pleaded guilty to two counts of illegal
money lending and two counts of money laundering, and Mark Weaver, 35, pleaded
guilty to one count of illegal money lending and one count of money laundering.

They all remain in custody, awaiting sentencing at Manchester Crown Court.

Director of the England Illegal Money Lending Team Jacqui Kennedy said: Loan
sharks are criminals who extort and exploit the public. Whilst they appear to be
offering a community service they are not, and will leave people living each day
in misery and fear.

"We will not tolerate this kind of behaviour, and working with the police,
trading standards and other agencies we are cracking down on this crime, making
it impossible for loan sharks to prosper.

Nationally the Stop Loan Shark Project has secured 235 prosecutions for illegal
money lending and related activity, leading to more than 157 years worth of
custodial sentences.

They have written off 40.3 million worth of illegal debt and helped over 20,000
victims.

Manchester City Council's executive member for the environment, councillor Nigel
Murphy, said: Loan sharks are ruthless criminals who target some of the most
vulnerable members of society and exploit the fact that the economic downturn
has left many people struggling to make ends meet.

But the days when loan sharks could expect to get away with causing misery are
over, and these three are just the latest to be found guilty of this heinous
crime.

n To report a loan shark contact: 0300 555 2222 and speak to a trained
investigator in confidence.

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved

                              987 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Manchester Evening News

                             July 25, 2013 Thursday

Gang members admit loan sharking

BYLINE: WFnode

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 376 words


A GANG of loan sharks have pleaded guilty to illegal money lending and money
laundering at Manchester Minshull Street Crown Court.

Ian Parsons, 27 of Lakeside Rise, Blackley, Christopher Weaver, 36, of Maybury
Street, Gorton, and Mark Weaver, 35, were arrested as part of a multi agency
operation.

The trio were investigated and prosecuted by the England Illegal Money Lending
Team, in partnership with Greater Manchester Police and Manchester City Council,
after information came to light about their illegal business. Warrants were
executed in December and May, and documentary evidence was uncovered.

Parsons pleaded guilty to three counts of illegal money lending and two counts
of money laundering. Christopher Weaver pleaded guilty to two counts of illegal
money lending and two counts of money laundering, and Mark Weaver, 35, pleaded
guilty to one count of illegal money lending and one count of money laundering.

They all remain in custody, awaiting sentencing at Manchester Crown Court.

Director of the England Illegal Money Lending Team Jacqui Kennedy said: Loan
sharks are criminals who extort and exploit the public. Whilst they appear to be
offering a community service they are not, and will leave people living each day
in misery and fear.

"We will not tolerate this kind of behaviour, and working with the police,
trading standards and other agencies we are cracking down on this crime, making
it impossible for loan sharks to prosper.

Nationally the Stop Loan Shark Project has secured 235 prosecutions for illegal
money lending and related activity, leading to more than 157 years worth of
custodial sentences.

They have written off 40.3 million worth of illegal debt and helped over 20,000
victims.

Manchester City Council's executive member for the environment, councillor Nigel
Murphy, said: Loan sharks are ruthless criminals who target some of the most
vulnerable members of society and exploit the fact that the economic downturn
has left many people struggling to make ends meet.

But the days when loan sharks could expect to get away with causing misery are
over, and these three are just the latest to be found guilty of this heinous
crime.

n To report a loan shark contact: 0300 555 2222 and speak to a trained
investigator in confidence.

LOAD-DATE: August 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved

                              988 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Manchester Evening News

                             July 25, 2013 Thursday

Gang members admit loan sharking

BYLINE: WFnode

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 376 words


A GANG of loan sharks have pleaded guilty to illegal money lending and money
laundering at Manchester Minshull Street Crown Court.

Ian Parsons, 27 of Lakeside Rise, Blackley, Christopher Weaver, 36, of Maybury
Street, Gorton, and Mark Weaver, 35, were arrested as part of a multi agency
operation.

The trio were investigated and prosecuted by the England Illegal Money Lending
Team, in partnership with Greater Manchester Police and Manchester City Council,
after information came to light about their illegal business. Warrants were
executed in December and May, and documentary evidence was uncovered.

Parsons pleaded guilty to three counts of illegal money lending and two counts
of money laundering. Christopher Weaver pleaded guilty to two counts of illegal
money lending and two counts of money laundering, and Mark Weaver, 35, pleaded
guilty to one count of illegal money lending and one count of money laundering.

They all remain in custody, awaiting sentencing at Manchester Crown Court.

Director of the England Illegal Money Lending Team Jacqui Kennedy said: Loan
sharks are criminals who extort and exploit the public. Whilst they appear to be
offering a community service they are not, and will leave people living each day
in misery and fear.

"We will not tolerate this kind of behaviour, and working with the police,
trading standards and other agencies we are cracking down on this crime, making
it impossible for loan sharks to prosper.

Nationally the Stop Loan Shark Project has secured 235 prosecutions for illegal
money lending and related activity, leading to more than 157 years worth of
custodial sentences.

They have written off 40.3 million worth of illegal debt and helped over 20,000
victims.

Manchester City Council's executive member for the environment, councillor Nigel
Murphy, said: Loan sharks are ruthless criminals who target some of the most
vulnerable members of society and exploit the fact that the economic downturn
has left many people struggling to make ends meet.

But the days when loan sharks could expect to get away with causing misery are
over, and these three are just the latest to be found guilty of this heinous
crime.

n To report a loan shark contact: 0300 555 2222 and speak to a trained
investigator in confidence.

LOAD-DATE: August 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved

                              989 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Manchester Evening News

                             July 25, 2013 Thursday

Gang members admit loan sharking

BYLINE: WFnode

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 376 words


A GANG of loan sharks have pleaded guilty to illegal money lending and money
laundering at Manchester Minshull Street Crown Court.

Ian Parsons, 27 of Lakeside Rise, Blackley, Christopher Weaver, 36, of Maybury
Street, Gorton, and Mark Weaver, 35, were arrested as part of a multi agency
operation.

The trio were investigated and prosecuted by the England Illegal Money Lending
Team, in partnership with Greater Manchester Police and Manchester City Council,
after information came to light about their illegal business. Warrants were
executed in December and May, and documentary evidence was uncovered.

Parsons pleaded guilty to three counts of illegal money lending and two counts
of money laundering. Christopher Weaver pleaded guilty to two counts of illegal
money lending and two counts of money laundering, and Mark Weaver, 35, pleaded
guilty to one count of illegal money lending and one count of money laundering.

They all remain in custody, awaiting sentencing at Manchester Crown Court.

Director of the England Illegal Money Lending Team Jacqui Kennedy said: Loan
sharks are criminals who extort and exploit the public. Whilst they appear to be
offering a community service they are not, and will leave people living each day
in misery and fear.

"We will not tolerate this kind of behaviour, and working with the police,
trading standards and other agencies we are cracking down on this crime, making
it impossible for loan sharks to prosper.

Nationally the Stop Loan Shark Project has secured 235 prosecutions for illegal
money lending and related activity, leading to more than 157 years worth of
custodial sentences.

They have written off 40.3 million worth of illegal debt and helped over 20,000
victims.

Manchester City Council's executive member for the environment, councillor Nigel
Murphy, said: Loan sharks are ruthless criminals who target some of the most
vulnerable members of society and exploit the fact that the economic downturn
has left many people struggling to make ends meet.

But the days when loan sharks could expect to get away with causing misery are
over, and these three are just the latest to be found guilty of this heinous
crime.

n To report a loan shark contact: 0300 555 2222 and speak to a trained
investigator in confidence.

LOAD-DATE: August 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved

                              990 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                  Moscow Times

                               September 30, 2004

ABN AMRO Cuts Ties With Dozens of Banks

BYLINE: Guy Faulconbridge

SECTION: No. 3017

LENGTH: 1587 words


Staff Writers

The New York branch of ABN AMRO Holding has cut correspondent banking
relationships with dozens of banks in Russia after agreeing with U.S. regulators
that it had "deficiencies" in complying with anti-money laundering rules.
Russian bankers said Wednesday that almost all of the branch's accounts with
Russia had been shut down since the summer.

The account closure could deal another blow to the already battered reputation
of the domestic banking system.

The move could also make it more difficult and expensive for smaller Russian
banks to open correspondent accounts in the United States, analysts said, though
larger, more well-established institutions are still likely to be welcomed with
open arms.

"A number of accounts" have been closed "in many different locations," said a
spokesman for Amsterdam-based ABN AMRO, the world's 20th-largest bank, with $
600 billion in assets.

News of the shutdown of Russian accounts was first reported in Wednesday's Wall
Street Journal, which said the bank's New York branch had severed relations with
nearly 100 banks in Russia, Eastern Europe and the Caribbean.

The move came amid investigations by regulators and law enforcement agents into
whether funds of suspect origin were being laundered through the bank, the paper
reported.

Russia's banking system was badly tarnished internationally in the Bank of New
York scandal in 1999, when law enforcement agencies alleged billions in suspect
Russian funds had been washed through its accounts.

Since then, banks in the United States have come under increasing scrutiny for
noncompliance with anti-money laundering regulations. After Sept. 11, 2001,
concern mounted over transfers involving terrorist funding.

In May, a precedent-setting fine was levied on one of the United States' oldest
banks, Riggs Bank, for failing to report tens of millions of dollars worth of
suspicious transactions from abroad.

"Russian banks have been under a lot of scrutiny in the U.S. in the last five
years and this is just a continuation," said Charles Intriago, publisher of the
Florida-based Money Laundering Alert newsletter.

"The U.S. regulators are under a lot of pressure because they were asleep over
the Riggs scandal, so now they are going back and looking closely at banks,
including the big ones." Russia is still perceived by many as a major source of
suspect funds, even though the country was taken off the blacklist of the
intergovernmental Financial Action Task Force in 2002 after improving
supervision.

"It's not just a perception, but it's a history that many financial institutions
in Russia are really shaky. There is a lot of tax evasion and corrupt money,"
Intriago said.

ABN AMRO is not alone in slashing its banking relationships with Russian banks.
Union Bank of California closed about one-third of its correspondent accounts
with Russia this summer, Vedomosti reported in July, citing bank officials.

Correspondent banking is when one bank opens an account for transfers, currency
exchange or other transactions at another bank, often in a different country.

Garegin Tosunyan, president of the Association of Russian Banks, whose members
own 90 percent of all banking capital, confirmed the Union Bank of California
closures at the time.

It was not possible on Wednesday to obtain a list of the accounts that ABN AMRO
had closed down. But The Wall Street Journal reported the banks included Alfa
Bank, the country's largest private bank, and MDM Bank, as well as a number of
smaller, obscure institutions.

The head of the interbank account department at MDM Bank, Tatyana Berezhinova,
said Wednesday that the closure of its account at ABN AMRO had not affected its
business in the United States.

"We have been increasingly moving transfers to the Bank of New York and American
Express Bank a long time before this," she said.

ABN AMRO's move had no relation to suspicions over transfers moving from MDM,
Berezhinova said.

Instead, she said, it appeared to be a unilateral decision by ABN AMRO to cut
down the expense of running a Russia risk management division.

"Accounts were closed down at ABN AMRO for all Russian banks. I don't know any
bank that retains an account there," she said. "It became unprofitable for them.
They had to keep a big group of specialists ... and also keep in line with the
higher demands on money laundering and risk management." In July, ABN AMRO
promised U.S. financial regulators that it would "take steps to address
deficiencies relating to compliance with applicable federal and state laws,
rules and regulations relating to anti-money laundering policies and
procedures," according to a copy of the agreement posted on the web site of the
U.S. Federal Reserve.

The agreement reportedly came in the wake of legal probes into transfers going
through ABN AMRO's accounts.

The Wall Street Journal reported Wednesday that the U.S. Justice Department was
particularly interested in the bank's previous relations with poorly regulated
financial institutions in Latvia, which is considered a base for Russian money
laundering.

The paper cited one particular case under Justice Department scrutiny that
involved $ 885,000 in transfers from Latvia through ABN AMRO accounts in New
York suspected of being part of a Russian tax evasion scam.

Many accounts held at ABN AMRO's New York branch appeared to have been
transferred from the Bank of New York following the 1999 probe, the newspaper
reported, citing unnamed investigators.

"There were no findings of money laundering by U.S. regulators, and we have
introduced new controls, hired new staff, introduced new training and brought in
outside experts," said Steven Blaney, a spokesman for ABN AMRO in London.

Blaney declined to comment on government investigations, including whether or
not there are any investigations in progress.

He also would not comment on how many accounts had been closed or where.

One Russian institution with which ABN AMRO held correspondent relations was
Sodbiznesbank, according to financial reports obtained by The Moscow Times.

Sodbiznesbank's license was withdrawn in May amid accusations by the Central
Bank that it had violated money laundering laws and banking rules. Regional
prosecutors had reported that ransom money involving a murder case had been
funneled through the bank.

Sodbiznesbank had 22 correspondent accounting relationships with foreign banks
in Europe, the United States and Japan, according to Sodbiznesbank's financial
reports for 2002 and 2003.

In May, Central Bank Deputy Chairman Andrei Kozlov said that Sodbiznesbank had
made about $ 1 billion in "suspicious transactions" last year.

ABN AMRO's Blaney declined to comment on the relationship with Sodbiznesbank,
and U.S. investigators could not be reached for comment Wednesday on whether the
bank's correspondent account at ABN AMRO was under investigation.

Analysts and bankers said a few small institutions like Sodbiznesbank were
unfairly giving the rest of the domestic banking system a bad name.

"Major banks have thousands of correspondent accounts so one relationship
doesn't mean they are guilty of money laundering," said Richard Hainsworth, CEO
of RusRating, a Moscow-based company that rates Russian banks.

"The main effect of closing these correspondent relationships will be to make it
more difficult and more expensive for smaller Russian banks to move money
through the system," Hainsworth said of ABN AMRO's decision.

Perceptions of the country's banking system in the United States were based on
unfounded stereotypes, MDM Bank's Berezhinova said.

"Russian banks are still seen as a source of risk in the U.S., while the rest of
banks in the world are also involved in money laundering," she said. "This is
the traditional treatment of Russia. It's just like most Americans still think
bears walk down Moscow's streets." Berezhinova said she was swamped by phone
calls from Western financial institutions trying to persuade MDM to open
correspondent accounts with them.

Every bank has correspondent accounts -- and major banks have thousands -- as
they move money through the world banking system.

But correspondent accounts can also be used to siphon suspicious money into the
legitimate financial system, said Jeffrey Robinson, an author of a number of
books on money laundering.

"For these smaller banks, especially the funny ones, correspondent accounts are
a back door into the international financial system," Robinson said. "Think of
it like a sewer network that goes all over the world and allows criminal money
to get into the legitimate system." In 2001, a U.S. Senate subcommittee under
Senator Carl Levin published a report on correspondent banking and its role in
money laundering.

"U.S. banks, through the correspondent accounts they provide to foreign banks,
have become conduits for dirty money flowing into the American financial system
and have, as a result, facilitated illicit enterprises, including drug
trafficking and financial frauds," the report said. That report had a major
influence on the anti-money laundering provisions of the USA Patriot Act, which
was passed by the U.S. Congress just weeks after Sept. 11.

"Actions such as that by ABN AMRO have been inevitable since Senator Carl Levin
produced his report into correspondent banking," said Nigel Morris -Cotterill,
head of the London-based The Anti Money Laundering Network.


LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                        Copyright 2004 Independent Press

                              991 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 20, 2014 Monday

New York: International Money Broker Sentenced To 92 Months In Prison

LENGTH: 796  words

DATELINE: Albany


United States Attorney's Office for the Eastern District of New York has issued
the following press release:

Luis Anibal Salazar Garcia, the primary money broker for a Colombian-based
international money laundering organization, was sentenced today to 92 months in
prison at the federal courthouse in Brooklyn. Ten co-defendants were sentenced
last month to sentences ranging from 28 to 64 months' imprisonment. Two other
co-defendants remain to be sentenced. All 13 defendants, who were extradited
from Colombia, pleaded guilty to conspiring to launder narcotics proceeds.
Together, the defendants were responsible for laundering tens of millions of
dollars of narcotics proceeds from the United States to Colombia between 2006
and 2013 on behalf of Colombian drug cartels.

The sentences were announced by Loretta E. Lynch, United States Attorney for the
Eastern District of New York, and James T. Hayes, Jr., Special Agent in Charge,
U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE), Homeland Security Investigations
(HSI), New York. The sentence was imposed by Chief United States District Court
Judge Carol B. Amon.

"Salazar Garcia and his cohorts in crime operated a sophisticated network of
shipments and transfers that went to the heart of the deadly narcotics trade -
the money. The defendants' money laundering activities allowed narcotics
traffickers in Colombia to reap enormous profits from sending drugs to the
United States," stated United States Attorney Lynch. "These sentences will send
a message to narcotics traffickers that we are committed to shutting down their
ability to profit from selling their illegal drugs in the United States."

"The incarceration of this defendant and his cohorts disrupts a money laundering
organization that contributed to the flow of millions of dollars in illicit drug
proceeds," said HSI New York Special Agent in Charge Hayes. "The prosecution of
these money launderers is a testament to the expertise of the members of the El
Dorado Task Force and our international law enforcement partners, whose
investigative prowess enables them to find international criminals and bring
them to justice."

Salazar Garcia and his twelve co-defendants were money brokers operating out of
the El Diamante, Gran Centro Commercial, San Andresito, and Atlantis retail
shopping malls in Cali, Colombia, and assisted drug trafficking organizations in
Colombia by laundering the proceeds of sales of narcotics in the United States.
The defendants also oversaw a network of confederates who operated in the United
States taking the proceeds from narcotics sales here and passing the money to
others, who ultimately repatriated millions of dollars in drug proceeds to
suppliers in Colombia. The drug money was transported in amounts ranging from
thousands to hundreds of thousands of dollars, often bundled and heat sealed,
and concealed in vehicles, gasoline containers, duffel bags, and shoeboxes.
Twenty-four of the U.S.-based confederates have also pleaded guilty to their
participation in the money laundering conspiracy.

As part of this investigation, law enforcement officers have seized more than
$6.5 million in United States currency as well as 52.5 kilograms of heroin, 32
kilograms of cocaine, 63 pounds of marijuana, eight vehicles, and three
firearms.

The investigation was led by agents from the HSI New York Office's El Dorado
Task Force, comprising over 260 members from more than 55 law enforcement
agencies in New York and New Jersey - including special agents, state and local
police investigators, intelligence analysts, and federal prosecutors - with the
assistance of the task force's High Intensity Financial Crimes Area
(HIFCA)/Intelligence Unit.

Ms. Lynch extended her grateful appreciation to HSI New York, the Colombian
National Police, particularly the Investigative Directorate, and members of the
HSI Transnational Criminal Investigations Unit, for their hard work and
dedication throughout the investigation, and thanked the Department of Justice's
Office of International Affairs for its assistance in this investigation and
prosecution.

The government's case was prosecuted by Assistant United States Attorneys
Douglas M. Pravda and Tiana A. Demas.

The Defendants:

FABER ENRIQUE BERMUDEZ ARCINIEGAS

AGE: 35

HARBI CAICEDO

AGE: 51

ALEXANDER HENAO CHAMORRO

AGE: 37

EDWIN ARENAS CHAMORRO

AGE: 39

LUIS ANIBAL SALAZAR GARCIA

AGE: 51

JOSE LEONIDAS SALAZAR GARCIA

AGE: 55

JUAN CARLOS MEJIA GONZALEZ

AGE: 50

JAVIER ORLANDO ALVAREZ JARAMILLO

AGE: 51

JOSE LISANDRO ABADIA JIMENEZ

AGE: 60

JUAN FERNANDO MOLINA JIMENEZ

AGE: 56

MANUEL ANTONIO CAMPO JIMENEZ

AGE: 53

OSCAR GARCIA LONDONO

AGE: 39

NUBIA ABADIA SARRIA

AGE: 35

E.D.N.Y. Docket No. 12 CR 623

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              992 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The Sun Herald (Sydney, Australia)

                            January 28, 2001 Sunday
                                  Late Edition

Partners in crime fighting;
News Extra

BYLINE: Police Commissioner Peter Ryan

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 63

LENGTH: 1294 words


About $3.5 billion in so-called `hot money' circulates in Australia every year,
the proceeds of fraud or laundering of illicit cash. Police Commissioner Peter
Ryan spells out how the NSW force has revolutionary plans to get big business to
help fight the problem.

NSW POLICE tackle a wide variety of offences committed every day across the
State. White-collar crime such as fraud and money laundering are among the most
complex challenges police face.

A recent report prepared by the Crime Agencies command of the NSW Police Service
identifies drugs as the dominant and most visible of organised criminal
activity. However, drug-related money laundering and fraud are also areas of
concern.

Australia's geographic isolation no longer serves as a protective barrier
against organised crime groups around the world. Increasingly, overseas
syndicates are visiting Australia for the purpose of committing crime and then
returning home with illicit profits. Intelligence clearly indicates that
domestic crime syndicates are also actively laundering funds in a variety of
ways.

Our own statistics show that fraud and money laundering appear to be
increasingly prevalent despite the best efforts of law enforcement agencies
across Australia and internationally.

About $3.5 billion of "hot" money is generated annually in Australia these are
the proceeds of fraud and drugs although the figure is low when compared to the
estimated $US750 billion ($1,380 billion) in drug money laundered worldwide
every year.

In Australia there are a number of Commonwealth and State initiatives, such as
the AUSTRAC financial reporting regime, the Swordfish Task Force and individual
State efforts, to tackle fraud and money laundering and these have been
successful to a degree in containing white-collar crime.

In NSW, the Commercial Crime Agency last year completed 292 investigations
resulting in the arrest of 66 offenders and the laying of 726 charges. The
monetary value of investigations exceeded $100 million. This is an encouraging
result.

However, law enforcement bodies around the world recognise that commercial
crime, especially fraud and money laundering, is becoming progressively
sophisticated and pervasive.

One recent incident of money laundering was set up by a Russian immigrant to the
US who established more than 2,000 corporations for Russian brokers. This
elaborate network allowed Russian and Eastern Bloc crime gangs to launder $US1.4
billion undetected through banks in New York and San Francisco over several
years.

Malaysian-based crime groups specialising in credit card fraud have recently
been detected in Australia one gang is estimated to have defrauded businesses of
up to $100 million worldwide. There is evidence of other gangs entering
Australia and committing credit card fraud and high-volume robberies, sending
stolen goods out of the country.

The rapid development of technology, particularly in the financial and internet
sectors, combined with criminal cunning and the globalisation of crime has made
the job harder for investigators even the most experienced officers can have
difficulty unravelling a long and complex trail of financial transactions
conducted electronically and at high speed around the world.

Law enforcers are not alone in recognising the emerging trend. Eleven of the
world's biggest banks have recently developed a detailed plan to implement a
uniform code to stop money laundering. Major corporations the world over also
openly acknowledge the need to become proactive and act in partnership with
police and law enforcement agencies.

Strategically, this will become a crucial approach to combating commercial crime
here in NSW.

To provide an effective, streamlined response to commercial crime, police need
to work in close partnership with private enterprise, harnessing the expertise
already available within the private sector.

I recently published Future Directions, my blueprint for the future of policing
in NSW over the next five years.

ONE OF the paper's major themes is the relentless focus on our core business of
reducing crime and securing a safer community. The NSW Police Service simply
cannot afford to be sidetracked away from these key goals if they are to be
achieved and maintained.

We will focus on our core business by rationalising and improving work
processes, using technology in an innovative way and through strategic
partnerships with public and private enterprises.

Our approach to commercial crime is an example of this process and one of the
areas that must be addressed if we are to succeed.

System design and forensic accounting are not, and never have been, core Police
Service business. We can no longer afford to invest resources in specialised and
intensive training in major commercial crime investigation processes to then
continually lose these officers to the private sector.

To effectively handle major commercial crime investigations, we need laws that
enable major corporations and financial institutions to use their own resources
in the prevention, detection and investigation of fraud, and prepare briefs of
evidence for

eventual prosecution in partnership with the police.

This would allow the service to set standards, provide advice and monitor
performance while freeing police resources to remain focused on crime reduction
and public safety.

This proposal, albeit a bold step, is in line with policing trends worldwide and
our aim to achieve "best practice". To be able to even propose this approach to
commercial crime is indicative of the pace of reform and the many changes within
the NSW Police Service in the four and a half years I have been Commissioner.

The service has transformed itself from an organisation with poor morale,
lacking direction and suffering loss of public confidence in the wake of the
Wood royal commission, to a progressive, well managed police service focused on
ethical, cost-effective crime reduction.

Reform has permeated all levels of the service. There are effective
anti-corruption strategies and crime management practices across the
organisation. We have embraced new technology such as DNA and other leading edge
forensic systems. Crime has been contained for the first time in a decade. The
quality of our recruitment and training has been improved, front line policing
has been strengthened and improvements have been made to service delivery and
police response. All our initiatives are benchmarked against world's best
practice.

Our critics tend to dwell on the failures of the past and choose not to
recognise how much the service is achieving.

Organisational reform, particularly a process conducted as openly as we have
done, can occasionally become volatile. However, healthy and open debate does
not mean that reform has come to a halt. Far from it. By and large, I believe
all members of the service are fully supportive of the changes we have made and
we will continue to make.

The service is no longer hung up on the past but is firmly focused on the
future, having progressed through a significant reform process. It is this
reformed organisation that efficiently and effectively policed one of the
biggest public events in history the Sydney 2000 Olympic Games.

The service has now entered the third stage of the reform process, which has
five key themes Ethics and Integrity, Leadership and Accelerated Cultural
Change, Best Practice Crime Management, Effective Deployment of Resources and
Core Business.

The demands that the 21st century will place on the NSW Police Service are
significant. Advances in technology and science constantly change our attitudes
to life and ways of living and it is essential the service is prepared for the
challenge of policing a more dynamic and complex society.

I have every confidence we will meet this goal.

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2001 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved

                              993 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                            Manchester Evening News

                            November 23, 2015 Monday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Car wash shooting victim is jailed for money laundering;
Two brothers and accomplice are locked up as police pledge 'we'll make Salford
safer'.

BYLINE: Neal Keeling

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 410 words


AMAN who was shot three times at a car wash has been jailed for his involvement
in gang crime.

Jamie Rothwell, 28, survived the attack in Bolton Road, Ashton-in-Maker-field,
Wigan, in March, when a man in a balaclava got out of a white car and opened
fire.

But he, and his brother, and an accomplice, have been locked up for a string of
drug and money laundering offences.

The shooting was one of six firearms incidents linked to a feud between gangs in
Salford and Swinton. They include the murder of Paul Massey in July and the
shooting in October of seven-year-old Christian Hickey, and his mum, Jayne, on
their doorstep in Winton, Eccles.

Jamie Rothwell, and his brother, Jonathan, 26, and Liam Gee, 26, were sentenced
at Manchester Crown Court after being stung in a police operation.

On one occasion two of the men were caught with £60,000-worth of cocaine.

Jonathan Rothwell, of Grindon Avenue, Salford, was jailed for five and a half
years after pleading guilty to money laundering and the possession of Class A
drugs with intent to supply.

Jamie Rothwell, of Bryn Road South, Ashton in Makerfield, pleaded guilty to
money laundering and was sentenced to 18 months in prison.

Liam Gee, 26, of Meadowgate, Weaste, Salford, pleaded guilty to possession of
Class A drugs and was jailed for four years.

Police first suspected the Rothwell brothers of money laundering in October
2013.

Two cars worth a total of £34,000 were seized during the investigation as part
of Jamie Rothwell's existing Proceeds of Crime order - for which he already owed
£57,000 in connection with a previous drugs conviction. Officers managed to
close in further on the gang when Jonathan Rothwell and Gee were spotted in a
parked car in Weaste in April earlier this year.

As police approached the pair, Gee fled on foot and Rothwell tried to reverse
the car away from the officers.

Both men were caught and detained, and when the officers searched the car they
discovered £60,000-worth of cocaine.

They were both arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply class A
drugs.

Detective Constable Richard Hudd said: "Despite owing £57,000, Jamie Rothwell
continued to spend large amounts of money, buying expensive cars, and making no
attempt to pay back the money he owed.

"Serious organised crime causes devastating harm to communities and we are
determined to take these criminals off the streets, disrupting their lifestyles
and making the streets of Salford a safer place to live."

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: From left, Jamie Rothwell, Jonathan Rothwell, and Liam Gee, who have
all been jailed. .for their involvement in gang crime

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MEN


                     Copyright 2015 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved

                              994 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 31, 2015 Tuesday

Washington: Former Federal Agents Charged With Bitcoin Money Laundering and Wire
Fraud

LENGTH: 819  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Department of Justice, The Government of USA has issued the following news
release:

Two former federal agents have been charged with wire fraud, money laundering
and related offenses for stealing digital currency during their investigation of
the Silk Road, an underground black market that allowed users to conduct illegal
transactions over the Internet. The charges are contained in a federal criminal
complaint issued on March 25, 2015, in the Northern District of California and
unsealed today.

Assistant Attorney General Leslie R. Caldwell of the Justice Department's
Criminal Division, U.S. Attorney Melinda Haag of the Northern District of
California, Special Agent in Charge David J. Johnson of the FBI's San Francisco
Division, Special Agent in Charge José M. Martinez of the Internal Revenue
Service-Criminal Investigation's (IRS-CI) San Francisco Division, Special Agent
in Charge Michael P. Tompkins of the Justice Department's Office of the
Inspector General Washington Field Office and Special Agent in Charge Lori
Hazenstab of the Department of Homeland Security's Office of the Inspector
General in Washington D.C. made the announcement.

Carl M. Force, 46, of Baltimore, was a Special Agent with the Drug Enforcement
Administration (DEA), and Shaun W. Bridges, 32, of Laurel, Maryland, was a
Special Agent with the U.S. Secret Service (USSS). Both were assigned to the
Baltimore Silk Road Task Force, which investigated illegal activity in the Silk
Road marketplace. Force served as an undercover agent and was tasked with
establishing communications with a target of the investigation, Ross Ulbricht,
aka "Dread Pirate Roberts." Force is charged with wire fraud, theft of
government property, money laundering and conflict of interest. Bridges is
charged with wire fraud and money laundering.

According to the complaint, Force was a DEA agent assigned to investigate the
Silk Road marketplace. During the investigation, Force engaged in certain
authorized undercover operations by, among other things, communicating online
with "Dread Pirate Roberts" (Ulbricht), the target of his investigation. The
complaint alleges, however, that Force then, without authority, developed
additional online personas and engaged in a broad range of illegal activities
calculated to bring him personal financial gain. In doing so, the complaint
alleges, Force used fake online personas, and engaged in complex Bitcoin
transactions to steal from the government and the targets of the investigation.
Specifically, Force allegedly solicited and received digital currency as part of
the investigation, but failed to report his receipt of the funds, and instead
transferred the currency to his personal account. In one such transaction, Force
allegedly sold information about the government's investigation to the target of
the investigation. The complaint also alleges that Force invested in and worked
for a digital currency exchange company while still working for the DEA, and
that he directed the company to freeze a customer's account with no legal basis
to do so, then transferred the customer's funds to his personal account.
Further, Force allegedly sent an unauthorized Justice Department subpoena to an
online payment service directing that it unfreeze his personal account.

Bridges allegedly diverted to his personal account over $800,000 in digital
currency that he gained control of during the Silk Road investigation. The
complaint alleges that Bridges placed the assets into an account at Mt. Gox, the
now-defunct digital currency exchange in Japan. He then allegedly wired funds
into one of his personal investment accounts in the United States mere days
before he sought a $2.1 million seizure warrant for Mt. Gox's accounts.

Bridges self-surrendered today and will appear before Magistrate Judge
Maria-Elena James of the Northern District of California at 9:30 a.m. PST this
morning. Force was arrested on Friday, March 27, 2015, in Baltimore and will
appear before Magistrate Judge Timothy J. Sullivan of the District of Maryland
at 2:30 p.m. EST today.

The charges contained in the complaint are merely accusations, and the
defendants are presumed innocent unless and until proven guilty.

The case was investigated by the FBI's San Francisco Division, the IRS-CI's San
Francisco Division, the Department of Justice Office of the Inspector General
and the Department of Homeland Security Office of the Inspector General in
Washington D.C. The Treasury Department's Financial Crimes Enforcement Network
also provided assistance with the investigation of this case. The case is being
prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorneys Kathryn Haun and William Frentzen of the
Northern District of California and Trial Attorney Richard B. Evans of the
Criminal Division's Public Integrity Section.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              995 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 30, 2015 Monday

Washington: Former Federal Agents Charged With Bitcoin Money Laundering and Wire
Fraud

LENGTH: 819  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Department of Justice, The Government of USA has issued the following news
release:

Two former federal agents have been charged with wire fraud, money laundering
and related offenses for stealing digital currency during their investigation of
the Silk Road, an underground black market that allowed users to conduct illegal
transactions over the Internet. The charges are contained in a federal criminal
complaint issued on March 25, 2015, in the Northern District of California and
unsealed today.

Assistant Attorney General Leslie R. Caldwell of the Justice Department's
Criminal Division, U.S. Attorney Melinda Haag of the Northern District of
California, Special Agent in Charge David J. Johnson of the FBI's San Francisco
Division, Special Agent in Charge José M. Martinez of the Internal Revenue
Service-Criminal Investigation's (IRS-CI) San Francisco Division, Special Agent
in Charge Michael P. Tompkins of the Justice Department's Office of the
Inspector General Washington Field Office and Special Agent in Charge Lori
Hazenstab of the Department of Homeland Security's Office of the Inspector
General in Washington D.C. made the announcement.

Carl M. Force, 46, of Baltimore, was a Special Agent with the Drug Enforcement
Administration (DEA), and Shaun W. Bridges, 32, of Laurel, Maryland, was a
Special Agent with the U.S. Secret Service (USSS). Both were assigned to the
Baltimore Silk Road Task Force, which investigated illegal activity in the Silk
Road marketplace. Force served as an undercover agent and was tasked with
establishing communications with a target of the investigation, Ross Ulbricht,
aka "Dread Pirate Roberts." Force is charged with wire fraud, theft of
government property, money laundering and conflict of interest. Bridges is
charged with wire fraud and money laundering.

According to the complaint, Force was a DEA agent assigned to investigate the
Silk Road marketplace. During the investigation, Force engaged in certain
authorized undercover operations by, among other things, communicating online
with "Dread Pirate Roberts" (Ulbricht), the target of his investigation. The
complaint alleges, however, that Force then, without authority, developed
additional online personas and engaged in a broad range of illegal activities
calculated to bring him personal financial gain. In doing so, the complaint
alleges, Force used fake online personas, and engaged in complex Bitcoin
transactions to steal from the government and the targets of the investigation.
Specifically, Force allegedly solicited and received digital currency as part of
the investigation, but failed to report his receipt of the funds, and instead
transferred the currency to his personal account. In one such transaction, Force
allegedly sold information about the government's investigation to the target of
the investigation. The complaint also alleges that Force invested in and worked
for a digital currency exchange company while still working for the DEA, and
that he directed the company to freeze a customer's account with no legal basis
to do so, then transferred the customer's funds to his personal account.
Further, Force allegedly sent an unauthorized Justice Department subpoena to an
online payment service directing that it unfreeze his personal account.

Bridges allegedly diverted to his personal account over $800,000 in digital
currency that he gained control of during the Silk Road investigation. The
complaint alleges that Bridges placed the assets into an account at Mt. Gox, the
now-defunct digital currency exchange in Japan. He then allegedly wired funds
into one of his personal investment accounts in the United States mere days
before he sought a $2.1 million seizure warrant for Mt. Gox's accounts.

Bridges self-surrendered today and will appear before Magistrate Judge
Maria-Elena James of the Northern District of California at 9:30 a.m. PST this
morning. Force was arrested on Friday, March 27, 2015, in Baltimore and will
appear before Magistrate Judge Timothy J. Sullivan of the District of Maryland
at 2:30 p.m. EST today.

The charges contained in the complaint are merely accusations, and the
defendants are presumed innocent unless and until proven guilty.

The case was investigated by the FBI's San Francisco Division, the IRS-CI's San
Francisco Division, the Department of Justice Office of the Inspector General
and the Department of Homeland Security Office of the Inspector General in
Washington D.C. The Treasury Department's Financial Crimes Enforcement Network
also provided assistance with the investigation of this case. The case is being
prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorneys Kathryn Haun and William Frentzen of the
Northern District of California and Trial Attorney Richard B. Evans of the
Criminal Division's Public Integrity Section.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              996 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             October 3, 2014 Friday

AML Analyst

LENGTH: 525  words


Washington, D.C.: American Bankers Association has issued the following Job
release:


AML Analyst
Job ID:  20481202
Position Title:  AML Analyst
Company Name:  Western Union
Industry:  Banking & Financial Institution
Job Function:  Analyst
Entry Level:  No
Location(s):  Englewood, Colorado, 80112, United States

Posted:  October 2, 2014
Job Type:  Full-Time
Job Duration:  Indefinite
Min Education:  BA/BS/Undergraduate
Min Experience:  2-3 Years
Required Travel:  None
Salary:  $50.00 - $55.00 (Yearly Salary)
Company:  Western Union
view full company profile
APPLY FOR THIS JOB
Contact Person:  Vilma Stirbyte  Phone:  7203324004
Email Address:  vilma.stirbyte@westernunion.com
Save Job  Email Job  Print Job  Apply For Job
Job Description

Analyst, AML Compliance.

Global Alert Analysis and SAR Reporting group mitigates money laundering,
terrorist financing and fraud related risks to Western Union. This highly
visible area is responsible for identifying and escalating money laundering risk
related activity.

Key Responsibilities:

oReview, compile and file suspicious activity reports (SARs) from various CPCE
groups within firm deadlines (must be familiar with FinCen requirements on
suspicious activity report filing)

oReport suspicious and/or unusual activity as required by anti-money laundering
laws, including identification, escalation and monitoring the misuse of money
transfers by agents or consumers; this may include utilizing moderately complex
open source research techniques

oResponsible for concise written and/or verbal communication with external and
internal partners

oMay assist with training and support for new team members

oMay work cross-functionally with many areas within CPCE

oRecognize new/emerging anti-money laundering patterns/typologies and respond
with appropriate investigative techniques based on applied knowledge and a wide
range of research/investigative techniques

Qualifications

oBachelor's degree or equivalent job experience in the financial services
industry is acceptable

o1-2 years experience in any of the following: Bank Secrecy Act, AML Compliance,
general and/or risk based compliance, or previous analytical experience is
preferred

oDemonstrate strong analytical, organizational, sound judgment, and attention to
detail

oAbility to manipulate moderately large sets of data

oDemonstrate ability to meet deadlines

oProven ability to adapt positively to change

oAbility to identify risk and escalate when necessary

oAbility to work in a fast paced, highly structured, deadline driven culture

oComfortable completing repetitive tasks for long periods of time

oProficient in software applications: MS Word, MS Excel, MS Access, & Mainframe
systems (iWatch/WireWatch)

oCapable of utilizing the Internet for research and problem solving

oExperience making independent work-related decisions based on company policies
and procedures

oAptitude for continuously learning and understanding the AML risk and concerns

oAbility to work with a high level of autonomy

oTeam player with strong collaborative qualities and a positive demeanor


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              997 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                             July 20, 2001, Friday

4 RACE TRACK CLERKS INDICTED IN SCAM

BYLINE: By JOE MAHONEY DAILY NEWS ALBANY BUREAU CHIEF

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 38

LENGTH: 273 words

ALBANY - A year-long probe into money laundering at the state's leading race
tracks led to the indictments yesterday of four New York Racing Association
tellers - including the boss of the pari-mutuel betting clerks union, Attorney
General Eliot Spitzer said.

"There was a regularity and a frequency [to the money laundering] that was
startling," Spitzer told the Daily News in detailing the probe aimed at smashing
the scheme at Saratoga, Belmont and Aqueduct race tracks.

More NYRA employees could still be snared in the ongoing joint federal-state
probe, he revealed.

Spitzer said the busted clerks were all too willing to wash money - exchanging
large sums in small bills for fresh large bills - that undercover state troopers
told them were the proceeds of illicit drug transactions. In all, some $300,000
in loot was laundered at the betting windows by the troopers, he added.

The clerks allegedly pocketed a cut of 5% to 10% every time they made the swaps.
The NYRA called the alleged money laundering "isolated," and contended it has
"taken whatever steps necessary to ensure the integrity of our Thoroughbred
races and our pari-mutuel wagering operations."

But state prosecutors said wiretap evidence showed the money laundering was
likely going on for years. Investigators are also looking into the possibility
of involvement by major drug cartels as well as the mob.

Charged with multiple counts of attempted money laundering were Robert Lodati,
59, of Bayside, Queens; Robert Marshall, 60, of Malverne, L.I., and Joseph
Rabito, 59, of West Hempstead, L.I. A fourth indicted suspect has not yet been
arrested.

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 2001 Daily News, L.P.

                              998 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The Jerusalem Post

                              June 11, 2004 Friday

Israeli charged with laundering drug money

BYLINE: CATHERINE WILSON, AP

SECTION: ECONOMICS; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 362 words


MIAMI - An Israeli jewelry supplier who lives in Miami laundered more than $7
million in drugs profits through his business in meetings with more than 20
Colombian drug dealers as federal agents worked undercover to take advantage of
the same services.

Raphael Adouth, owner of Rosenthal Jewelers Supply Corp., and office manager
Lourdes Meulener Challiol face 30 years to life in prison if convicted of money
laundering, filing false tax forms, and conspiracy. Bond was set at $1m. for
Adouth and $100,000 for Challiol, all of which was pledged before they left
their first court hearing.

Relatives, friends, and supporters from Adouth's Bal Harbour synagogue, which
received donations and a $300,000 loan from him, filled all four spectator rows
of the courtroom, where men and women wiped away tears. Challiol cried softly as
she leaned on a rail for support before she was allowed to sit down.

Assistant US Attorney Yvonne Rodriguez-Shack told US Magistrate Judge Stephen
Brown that Adouth's laundering services date back to 1998. The indictment,
issued May 20 and unsealed Monday, listed nearly $1.1m. in six deals since 2001.

"The government's case is extremely solid," the prosecutor told the judge,
saying it is backed by undercover tapes. Rodriguez-Shack said Adouth had "great
ties to Colombia and Colombian drug dealers."

Prosecutors did not offer the names of any traffickers tied to the case.

Defense attorney Mark Schnapp responded that Adouth was born in the Brooklyn
section of New York, has lived in Miami for years, has visited Israel but is not
Israeli, and had never been to Colombia.

Adouth is religious, is active in his congregation, and is supported by
"substantial members of this community," Schnapp said.

Prosecutors have frozen the finances for three interconnecting buildings that
make up the Rosenthal warehouse. The government wants to seize two bank
accounts, property on Bal Harbour Island, and the $1.8m. business, which also
was indicted.

The bail is guaranteed by the luxury homes of two brothers-in-law in Bal Harbour
and North Miami and their father, an apparel maker who swore he had no financial
ties to Adouth. Arraignment was set for June 21.

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2004 The Jerusalem Post
                              All Rights Reserved

                              999 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                      April 9, 1989, Sunday, Final Edition

Fund-Raiser Arrested

BYLINE: From News Services and Staff Reports

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A11; AROUND THE NATION

LENGTH: 244 words

DATELINE: SAN DIEGO


Richard T. Silberman, a prominent San Diego businessman and California
Democratic Party fund-raiser, was arrested on suspicion of laundering money that
undercover FBI agents told him was coming from Colombian narcotics traffickers,
officials said.

Silberman, who held a succession of top state posts when Jerry Brown was
governor of California, was taken into custody while negotiating to launder $
1.1 million with an undercover agent of the Federal Bureau of Investigation
posing as a representative of narcotics traffickers, according to Thomas A.
Hughes of the FBI's San Diego office. He said Silberman, 59, will be arraigned
this week.

Silberman is a millionaire former bank president who was instrumental in
building the Jack-in-the-Box restaurant chain. He served Brown in a variety of
posts, including chief of staff, and was a major fund-raiser for Brown.

Culminating a 2 1/2-year investigation, FBI agents also arrested Chris George
Poulos, also known as Chris Petti, 62, of San Diego, and were seeking the arrest
of Jack N. Myers, 43, and Darryl Nakatsuka, 42, both of Los Angeles, on
allegations of money laundering. Hughes described Petti as an associate of the
Chicago La Cosa Nostra, an organized crime group whose operations in Southern
California and Nevada triggered the investigation.

Hughes said that Myers and Nakatsuka were involved in the alleged money
laundering as intermediaries between Silberman and the undercover agent.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS

                       Copyright 1989 The Washington Post
